                                        2018 Annual Report
  H Share Stock Code : 03968
  Preference Share Stock Code : 04614




We are here
  Just for you



         Z
       CV
China Merchants Bank          Contents                                                       1
Annual Report 2018



Contents

2     Important Notice

3     Definitions

3     Significant Risk Warning

4     Chairman’s Statement

7     President’s Statement

12    I Company Information

16    II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

19    III Report of the Board of Directors

      19     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation

      19     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement

      26     3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet

      30     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality

      37     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio

      40     3.6 Results of Operating Segments

      41     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements

      41     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies

      43     3.9 Changes in External Environment and Corresponding Measures

      50     3.10 Business Operation

      66     3.11 Risk Management

      72     3.12 Profit Appropriation

      74     3.13 Requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide

      74     3.14 Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

      74     3.15 Management Contracts

      74     3.16 Permitted Indemnity Provision

75    IV Important Events

83    V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

95    VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Organisational Structure

110   VII Corporate Governance

128   VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors

129   IX Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank        Important Notice
    Annual Report 2018



    Important Notice

    1.    The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
          misleading statements or material omissions, and they will individually and collectively accept legal responsibility for
          such contents.
    2.    The 40th meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was held at its Shekou Training
          Center on 22 March 2019.The meeting was presided by Li Jianhong, Chairman of the Board of Directors. 16 out of
          16 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. 8 Supervisors of the Company were present at the meeting.
          The convening of the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of the “Company Law of the People’s Republic
          of China” and the “Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”.
    3.    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors of the
          Company) have separately reviewed the 2018 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally
          Accepted Accounting Principles and International Accounting Standards, and issued standard auditing reports with
          unqualified opinions.
    4.    Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this annual report are expressed in RMB.
    5.    Li Jianhong, Chairman of the Company, Tian Huiyu, President and Chief Executive Officer, Li Hao, First Executive Vice
          President and Chief Financial Officer, and Li Li, the person in charge of the Finance and Accounting Department,
          hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial statements in
          this annual report.
    6.    Proposal of profit appropriation: it was proposed that 10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2018
          of RMB75.232 billion, equivalent to RMB7.523 billion, will be allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while
          1.5% of the total amount of the risk assets, equivalent to RMB6.028 billion, will be appropriated to the general
          reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date for implementation of the
          profit appropriation, the Company will declare a cash dividend of RMB0.94 (tax included) for every share to all
          shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and
          in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual profit appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated
          based on the average benchmark rate for RMB to HKD published by the People’s Bank of China for the previous
          week (including the day of the general meeting) before the date of the general meeting. The retained profits will be
          carried forward to the next year. In 2018, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The
          above proposal of profit appropriation is subject to consideration and approval at the 2018 Annual General Meeting
          of the Company.
    7.    We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
          results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
          “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
          are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
          forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
          prove to be correct. Therefore they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not place
          undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
          forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
          of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
          the actual results.
China Merchants Bank         Definitions / Significant Risk Warning                                                          3
Annual Report 2018



Definitions

The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants Bank:              CMB International Capital or CMBIC:
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                   CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited
The Group:                                                       China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries              China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.
CBIRC:                                                           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission                CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
CSRC:                                                            CM Securities:
China Securities Regulatory Commission                           China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:                                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                          Accountants LLP:
                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
Hong Kong Listing Rules:
                                                                 (Special General Partnership)
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK
                                                                 SFO:
CMB Wing Lung Bank:
                                                                 Securities and Futures Ordinance
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                                                 (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
CMB Wing Lung Group:
                                                                 Model Code:
CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                 Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:                                  Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange
CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.




Significant Risk Warning

The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
4   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2018



    Chairman’s Statement

    The year 2018 marked the 40th anniversary of China’s reform and opening up. CMB was a brainchild of the reform and
    opening-up policy and has emerged strong in the historical development trend. Amid the changes and challenges in the
    internal and external business environment, CMB has maintained its strategic resolve, laid solid foundation and achieved
    outstanding results with its excellent business performance in regaining its past glory.
    Both the customer base and profits reached a new level. As at the end of 2018, the number of retail customers of
    CMB reached 125 million. The total number of monthly active users (MAU) of CMB APP and CMB Life APP exceeded
    81 million and the number of corporate customers exceeded 1.8 million. With the expansion of customer base, CMB
    continued to build a customer service ecosystem, enhanced customer experience, and realised “double-digit growth” in net
    operating income and net profit, with net profit exceeding RMB80 billion. The average return on equity (ROAE) attributable
    to ordinary shareholders of the Bank continued to increase, while assets and liabilities maintained a steady growth. At
    the same time, CMB actively optimised the customer structure and asset structure, strengthened risk management, and
    continued to realise the decrease in both non-performing loan ratio and balance of non-performing loans.
    The innovation-driven development strategy was further promoted. In 2018, the Board of Directors decided to
    increase the allocation to our new Financial Technology Innovation Project Fund from “1% of the pre-tax profit of the
    previous year” to “1% of the operating income of the previous year”, and enhanced the efforts in promoting the strategic
    plan for “building the best commercial bank in China with innovation-driven development, leading retail banking and
    distinguished features”. Adhering to the mindset of “error tolerance and win-win”, CMB promoted business agility by
    means of technology agility and quickened its pace of innovation. CMB established a technology-empowered Fintech
    innovation incubation platform, put in place an independent teamwork operation system and supported various innovation
    projects. It also drove forward staff composition change, and increased the talent bench in technology and data science,
    thereby making various breakthroughs in infrastructure and capacity building of Fintech such as artificial intelligence,
    big data, blockchain and cloud computing. The atmosphere of innovation in CMB became more zealous; the efficiency
    of innovation continued to increase; the layout of scenarios and ecology was further enriched; the perception of the
    technological innovation frontier became more acute.
    We actively fulfilled social responsibilities and created values for various sectors of the society. In 2018, PB ratio
    of A Shares and H Shares of CMB continued to rank first among the major listed banks in mainland China, and continued
    to create value for shareholders and investors through steady growth in profits and dividends. At the same time, CMB
    fully supported people’s needs for a better life and actively supported the national strategic emerging industries and the
    real economy. By fully leveraging the advantages of Fintech, CMB offered more intelligent and more inclusive financial
    services with more scenarios for customers and users. CMB adhered to the “people-oriented” concept, safeguarded the
    legitimate rights and interests of employees, and provided diversified channels for their professional development. Through
    enhancing their capability and quality and setting a stage to showcase their talents, we helped employees to develop
    and excel themselves, so as to realise mutual growth for both employees and CMB. In this regard, CMB was selected as
    one of the top 30 employers of the year in China by Zhaopin Limited. CMB adhered to the notion of “helping the poor
    heartily and helping the really poor”, invested a large amount of our resources in the poverty alleviation campaign, and
    approved financial targeted poverty alleviation loans totalling RMB20.85 billion in 2018. In addition, CMB has been actively
    advocating and exploring poverty alleviation through industrial development so that poverty-stricken counties would be in a
    better position to lift themselves out of poverty and generate income. It can be seen that CMB has deployed both physical
    and mental resources for the fight against poverty.
    Good corporate governance provides important backing for CMB to achieve the above performances. Facing the
    complicated changes in the internal and external situation, the Board of Directors has always upheld the prudent operation
    principles of “ensuring assets quality, efficiency first, putting risks under control and maintaining proper scale”, and
    abided by the market-oriented systems and mechanisms. Through such forward-looking measures as strategic directing,
    assessment and guidance as well as resource allocation incentives, CMB took initiative to regulate business expansion, fully
    exposed non-performing assets, removed the blind spots and flaws in risk management, promoted the innovation-driven
    development strategy, and continued to increase investment in Fintech at the same time. All members of the Board of
    Directors have been fully dedicated to their jobs, leveraged their professional expertise and rich experience to predict the
    market and industry development trend, carried out specialised researches, effectively performed the duties of Directors,
    and effectively ensured the efficient operation and scientific decision-making process of the Board of Directors.
China Merchants Bank   Chairman’s
                       III Chairman’s
                                   Statement
                                      Statement                 5
Annual Report 2018



Chairman’s Statement




                                                  Li Jianhong
                                                  Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2018


    “Change” is the keynote of the modern era. Looking into the future, the scope, speed and intensity of the major
    changes we face are unprecedented. Firstly, there have been changes in economic situation. We saw changes in what
    was a generally stable economic performance, some of which caused concern. Downward pressure on the economy has
    continued to mount; the growth of household consumption has slowed down; the growth of effective investment has
    been weakened; the trade friction between China and the United States has brought great uncertainties; macro risks have
    intensified. Secondly, there have been changes in the financial market. Long accumulated financial risks keep emerging;
    the financial supply side structural reform has commenced; the strict regulatory control has placed higher demand on
    compliance management of banks. Thirdly, there have been changes in customer needs. With the substantial penetration of
    mobile Internet, customers have been requesting better service efficiency and experience, and competition among financial
    institutions and non-financial institutions has increasingly intensified.
    How to respond to the changes? By adhering to long-term strategies, seizing present opportunities, focusing on
    technology-driven development and embracing changes, we will stay sensitive in identifying changes, do our best to
    adapt to changes, and proactively pursue changes. Particularly, we will grasp the great opportunities associated with the
    ever-expanding application of Fintech, and focus on science and technology-driven development in order to reconstruct
    the operating model of CMB. Technology-driven development is not only to improve efficiency and reduce costs through
    the application of technology, but more importantly, to reshape the business model of the Bank through Fintech, so as to
    enable CMB to develop into a Fintech bank offering the best customer experience.
    CMB will continue to increase investment in Fintech as a long-term strategy. Through constant investment in Fintech,
    we will continue to foster enthusiasm for innovation, drive breakthroughs in technological innovation, promote business
    model innovation through technological innovation, and promote a shift from a business model with capital as its core asset
    to one with technology and talent as its core asset, so as to pursue incessant improvement in the level of financial services
    and customer experience.
    CMB will continue to improve the supporting system driven by science and technology. In terms of strategy, we will
    further assert the leading role of science and technology; in terms of organisation, we will further build a fittingly agile
    organisation; in terms of capabilities, we will further strengthen the infrastructure and capabilities of Fintech; in terms of
    system, we will further improve our systems and mechanisms to satisfy the needs of scientific and technological innovation;
    in terms of culture, we will further develop an open culture that promotes technological innovation.
    CMB will always keep to the market-based incentive mechanism. To achieve technology-driven development, we must
    have sufficient talents for scientific and technological innovation. The competition for talents rests on the competitiveness
    of mechanisms. CMB will draw on the advantages of market-oriented talent management mechanism in a market-based
    approach, maximise the attraction and incentive for best talents, continuously optimise remuneration incentives and ensure
    the adequacy of incentives, so as to secure adequate talent supply for CMB to develop into a Fintech bank offering the best
    customer experience.
    Facing the era of change, CMB has constantly made changes in tandem with variation of time and situation, whereas
    the only thing remained unchanged is “we are here just for you”. The well-known brand slogan of “we are here just for
    you” reflects the original “customer-centric” mindset and philosophy of CMB. In 2019, with the strong support from
    varies sectors of the society, CMB will continue to forge ahead in regaining its past glory, use technology to drive the
    transformation of business model to make new breakthroughs for the cause of reform and opening up, so as to honour the
    70th anniversary of the founding of the nation with remarkable achievements.




    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Chairman




    22 March 2019
China Merchants Bank            President’s Statement                                                                                       7
Annual Report 2018



President’s Statement

In 2018, despite the tough market conditions, CMB overcame the effects of cyclical factors and achieved remarkable results. During
the year, the Bank realised net operating income and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB248.444 billion
and RMB80.560 billion, a year-on-year increase of 12.40% and 14.84%, respectively. Our asset quality was stable and continued
to improve, while the balance of non-performing loans and the non-performing loan ratio, as well as the amount and ratio of
non-performing loan formation all declined.
The driving forces behind the business performance are our continuous dedication to customer service, our belief in the Fintech
transformation, and our commitment to fulfilling our social responsibilities.
In 2018, the retail business broke the three “100 million” marks, i.e. the total number of depositors and retail customers reached
100 million and 125 million, up by 17% and 18% respectively as compared with the previous year, and the total number of CMB
APP and CMB Life APP users reached 148 million, representing an increase of 43%, of which monthly active users (MAU) exceeded
81 million, representing an increase of 47%1. The number of corporate customers exceeded 1.80 million, representing an increase
of 18%. The number of newly acquired corporate depositors exceeded 400,000. The accelerated expansion of customer base is our
greatest source of confidence to keep abreast with time.
As many a little makes a mickle, in 2018, the digital banking transformation moved forward in a progressive manner, from products
to systems, and from businesses to organisational culture. We firmly adhered to the strategy of “mobile priority”, and significantly
improved the capabilities of platform empowerment, digital operation and providing digital services; we expedited the internal
establishment and outward expansion of scenarios, and stepped up the construction of an ecological customer service system; we
increased investment in technology infrastructure so as to promote business agility by means of technology agility. In addition, we
accelerated the application of Fintech so that every part and parcel benefits from the power of technology; and we promoted the
penetration of Internet culture so that the Internet mindset and values oriented by customer experience are tacitly cultivated across
the whole Bank. Accelerating the digital transformation is our mighty stronghold in finding our True North.
The achievements of CMB are made possible by people from all walks of life. We are extremely grateful for this new era and
remember the social responsibilities that we have committed to all the time. We sincerely developed inclusive finance, capitalised on
the power of science and technology to serve the well-being of people, and benefitted more people with more affordable financial
services. We carried out in-depth targeted poverty alleviation to support the development of two state-level poverty-stricken
counties, namely Yongren County and Wuding County in Yunnan through education, industrial development and cultural
development for the past two decades.
2018 was a year of tribute to the reform and opening up. Inheriting our innate “Shekou Gene”, we reviewed the original mindset
of “creating a real commercial bank for China” proposed by Mr. Yuan Geng, the founding Chairman. To commemorate the past
is for the commencement of a new history. As the first commercial bank in China to promote financial reform from outside the
system, at the new starting point of the new era, it is our inevitable historical mission to continue to explore the paths for the
transformation of Chinese banking industry, promote supply-side financial reform with our own high-quality development, and
better serve the needs of the real economy and improve the well-being of people.
At present, the world is confronted with the “most significant changes of the century”. The global economic and trade patterns as
well as production specialisation of industry value chains are undergoing restructuring. The relations among major countries and the
international competitive landscape are being reshuffled, bringing extensive and profound effects to the market environment. As a
player in a pro-cyclical industry, commercial banks have to face the very real challenges and impacts in operation and development.
Nevertheless, we are not afraid, as we believe that no matter what challenges are brought by these great changes, remaining
unchanged are the nature of the banking industry as a service industry, tenet that customer is the trigger point of business activities,
and the primary purpose of financial services to serve the real economy and improve people’s well-being. Throughout the global
history, it is not surprising that fallen or disappeared companies were often indulged in commercial opportunism, whereas those
humble enterprises that stayed focused and embraced the customer-centric principle could become more competitive and stay
ahead despite adversities.
Today, we are profoundly aware that the determinant of the changing industry comes from technology. With the rapid development
of technologies such as mobile Internet and artificial intelligence, the new possibilities are opened up by cutting-edge technologies
such as quantum communication and biotechnology. The Fourth Industrial Revolution has been commenced. Following the age of
steam, the age of electricity and the age of information, mankind has entered into the age of intelligence.




1
       Starting from 2018, for statistics purpose, the count of MAU makes reference to the number of users who open the Company’s CMB APP
       instead of log in the APP and the figure of the same period of the previous year has been adjusted accordingly.
8   China Merchants Bank           President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2018



    President’s Statement

    Whether we like it or not, technological revolution will lead to exponential growth in productivity outright, and subsequently reshape
    production methods and business models. The banking industry is itself a heritage of a few hundred years and has experienced
    many times of changes, economic cycles, trade conflicts and regulatory policies, but its business model remained unchanged. The
    age of electricity and the age of information have only provided banks with more efficient channels and tools. However, the new
    round of technological revolution may fundamentally revamp the business model of banks.
    Changes have tacitly occurred. In the past decade, traditional financial institutions have witnessed the whole process of how Fintech
    redefined retail business. From payment to deposit, loan and wealth management, the capital market intermediary and information
    intermediary functions of traditional banks were significantly impacted, and a bank’s role as credit intermediary is also under threat.
    As social development deepens from the consumer Internet to the industrial Internet, it also urged Fintech to redefine corporate
    finance and asset management.
    In the era of significant changes, what is the future direction for the banking industry? Looking back at the history, we realised
    that the Chinese banking industry has experienced two stages of development. First, there was stage 1.0 of winning by size: in the
    golden age of rapid economic growth, deposits determined assets and size, and size in turn determined income and profit. Banks
    used to be highly dependent on the power of capital which led to the uncoordinated expansion of both balance sheet and sources
    of finance. Business models back then had low variety and were extensively managed, and the profitability and market competitions
    were highly homogenised. After the economy entered the “new normal” phase, the Chinese banking industry has entered into
    development stage 2.0 of winning by structure and quality: the profitability and market values of banks have since no longer entirely
    depended on asset size, whereas asset quality and income structure played more important roles. Customer and asset structure
    determined the quality of bank assets, and further affected profits. Internal capital generation capacity was gradually formed.
    Development of banks was gradually driven by the professional competence in customer service, thereby embarking on a path of
    intensive development and internal quality building, and commencing differentiated competitions.
    Fortunately, CMB has not forgotten its initial intention of reform and has always adhered to its forward-looking strategies,
    allowing it to stay ahead of its peers in the banking reform. We took the lead to initiate the transformation of retail banking
    more than a decade ago. Since 2014, we have vigorously implemented the strategies of “Light-operation Bank” and “One
    Body with Two Wings”. We have discarded the emphasis on asset scale, and unswervingly promoted structural adjustment.
    The Company has basically built up a professional customer service system and decisively switched the focus of competition
    from scale to quality and structure, hence, allowing it to benefit from business transformation. The transformation of CMB was
    essentially a reform and service upgrade driven by the needs of customers and supply side.
    The history will eventually become the past, and we must charge ahead fast towards the future. The trend of technological
    change is pushing the Chinese banking industry into development stage 3.0 of winning by a new business model. Since 2017,
    based on our previous exploration, we have further promoted the supply-side financial reform and duly formulated the goal of
    transformation to build the best customer experience bank with Fintech as the driving engine, and started the journey to explore
    the new business model.
    As the exploration furthered, our understandings also became clearer. In the new era, science and technology is the fundamental
    driving force of the supply-side financial reform. In the foreseeable future, Fintech can carry out digital transformation, intelligent
    upgrade and modular splitting for all businesses, operations and management of traditional banks. The stage 3.0 of banks with
    features of digitalisation, intelligence and openness is coming. It will completely change the existing models in service, marketing,
    risk control, and operation of commercial banks, expand the service boundaries, and ultimately change the growth curves of
    banks.
    The general trend of change is irreversible. We have to switch our track without hesitation, and move towards “the 3.0 mode”
    at full speed. Customers and technologies are our two core themes for the future. We are well aware that in the era of mobile
    Internet, technology dominates business models; big data determines customer service capabilities; business logic has changed
    from “small and beautiful” to “big and beautiful.” We can only bear the high cost of investment and high risk of technology and
    form a sufficient amount of valuable data with a large enough number of customers. Therefore, we will re-examine all aspects of
    the operation and management of the bank by focusing on customer experience and leveraging on Fintech, and fully commence
    the digital transformation.
    Transforming from customers to users, we will redefine the objects of banking services and business mindset. We will
    expand our service boundaries, jump out of the customer base system with bank accounts as the core, extend our customer
    base system to class II and III accounts as well as APP users who do not bind their bank accounts, and make efforts to build the
    Internet funnel-shaped user system. Guided by user experience, we will continue to enhance the operating concept with MAU
    (monthly active users) as the North Star Metric, so as to drive the digital transformation of the whole Bank in all aspects, from
    business development to organisational system, management methods, service models, and further to mindsets, concepts, culture
    and values.
China Merchants Bank   President’s
                       III Chairman’s
                                   Statement
                                      Statement                9
Annual Report 2018



Chairman’s Statement




                                                  Tian Huiyu
                                                  President
10   China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2018


     Transforming from bank cards to APPs, we will redefine the boundaries of banking services. With the shift of customer
     behaviors and habits, APPs have become the main platforms for banks to interact with customers. 24 years ago, in responding
     to the needs of customers, CMB innovatively launched “All-in-one Card”, and took the lead in eliminating bankbooks; in 2018,
     we once again led the trend, took the lead in realising comprehensive card-free operation in the outlets, and launched the
     “eliminating bank cards” campaign. Under the macro environment of the era, only by changing with our users, can we keep
     abreast with time, even if it means painful reforms and self-revolution. We are fully aware that a bank card is just a product,
     but APP is a platform that integrates the whole ecological system. Currently, 27% and 44% of the traffic of CMB APP and CMB
     Life APP come from non-financial services respectively. Both internal and external scenarios have achieved initial results. Our
     two major APPs have 15 internal scenarios, each of which has more than 10 million MAUs, and we have initially set up a user
     ecosystem covering subways, buses, parking lots and other convenience travel scenarios. It’s just the beginning.
     Transforming from trading mindset to customer journey, we will redefine banking service logic and customer
     experience. Trading mindset is from the business perception, whereas service journey is from the customer’s perception. To
     become a bank offering the best customer experience, we must think from the customer’s perspective, understanding and
     changing the product logics, service methods and interaction designs of the Bank in all processes. As such, we have attached
     great importance to user experience, established user experience monitoring system for both retail finance and corporate finance,
     perceived the customer experience in real time, given feedback and made improvement in a timely manner. We will build a
     powerful digital business center, and strive to empower the online customer service platform and front-line customer managers in
     an intelligent way to fundamentally enhance customer experience.
     Transforming from centralisation to openness, we will redefine the technology base and corporate culture of the Bank.
     Technology provides the fundamental support for commercial banks. We are benchmarking Fintech companies to establish an
     open IT architecture and comprehensively enhance the research, development and application of technology-based capabilities.
     The foundation of Fintech is culture. We will build a fault-tolerant mechanism, support creative innovation, encourage young
     people to take charge, tolerate non-mainstream ideas, and strive to change the traditional bureaucracy culture in banks, so that
     CMB will have a lighter and simpler organisational structure.
     No product is appropriate for both bullish and bearish markets, but services can. We are here just for you, and we will provide
     uninterrupted customised services for you at all time. 32 years ago, CMB was established because of China’s reform and opening
     up. Today, the best way to pay tribute to the great cause of reform and opening up is to promote the supply-side financial reform
     and initiate the business model transformation with the self-revolution spirit and a more open attitude. Let us take the lead in
     exploring the stage 3.0 of the banking industry and continue the legend of CMB.




     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
     President




     22 March 2019
China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement                                          11
Annual Report 2018




                                               Liu Yuan
                                               Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
12   China Merchants Bank        I Company Information
     Annual Report 2018



     Company Information

     1.1 Company Profile
           1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司 (Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
                 Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

           1.1.2 Legal Representative: Li Jianhong
                 Authorised Representatives: Tian Huiyu, Li Hao
                 Secretary of the Board of Directors: Wang Liang
                 Joint Company Secretaries: Wang Liang, Seng Sze Ka Mee Natalia (FCIS, FCS (PE), FHKIoD, FTIHK)
                 Securities Representative: Huo Jianjun

           1.1.3 Registered and Office Address:
                 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China

           1.1.4 Mailing Address:
                 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
                 Postcode: 518040
                 Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
                 Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                 E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
                 Website: www.cmbchina.com
                 Hotline for complaints on customer service: 95555-7
                 Hotline for consumer rights protection: +86 755 8307 7333

           1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong:
                 21st Floor, Bank of America Tower, 12 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong

           1.1.6 Share Listing:
                 A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                       Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                      Stock Code: 600036
                 H Shares: SEHK
                       Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                      Stock Code: 03968
                 Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                               Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)
                               Stock Code: 360028
                 Offshore Preference Shares: SEHK
                               Abbreviated Name of Shares: CMB 17USDPREF
                               Stock Code: 04614
           1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                           Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Center, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                          Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Zeng Hao, Zhu Wei
                 International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                            Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong

           1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: Jun He Law Offices
                 Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills

           1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
                 Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
                 Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                 Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
                 Registrar and Transfer Agent for Offshore Preference Shares:
                 The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
China Merchants Bank         I Company Information                                                                             13
Annual Report 2018


      1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
             Mainland China: “China Securities Journal”, “Securities Times”, “Shanghai Securities News”
                               website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                               website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Hong Kong:        website of SEHK (www.hkex.com.hk)
                               website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Place for maintenance of annual reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company

      1.1.11 Sponsor for Domestic Preference Shares:
             UBS Securities Co., Ltd.
             Office Address: 12th and 15th Floor, Yinglan International Financial Center, No. 7 Financial Street, Xicheng
                 District, Beijing
             Sponsor Representatives: Liu Wencheng, Luo Yong
             China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
             Office Address: No. 111, Fuhua 1st Road, Futian Street Committee, Futian District, Shenzhen
             Sponsor Representatives: Wang Yuting, Wei Jinyang
             Continuous Supervision Period: 12 January 2018 to 31 December 2019


1.2 Corporate business overview
      Founded in 1987 with its head office in Shenzhen, China, the Company is a national commercial bank with sizeable
      scale and strength in China. The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The Company’s distribution
      network primarily covers China’s major economic centres such as Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Bohai
      Rim, and some large and medium cities in other regions. For details, please refer to the sections headed “Distribution
      Channels” and “Branches and Representative Offices”. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has
      1,783 domestic and overseas correspondent banks in 106 countries (including China) and regions.The Company was
      listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2002 and on the SEHK in September 2006.
      The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
      treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services of
      the Company, such as “All-in-one Card”, a multi-function debit card, “All-in-one Net”, a comprehensive online
      banking service platform, credit cards, the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services,
      CMB APP and CMB Life APP, CMB Corporate APP, transaction banking services and offshore business services, global
      cash management as well as trade financing, asset management, asset custody, investment banking and other
      services, have been widely recognised by consumers in China.
      In 2018, the Company took the initiative to adapt to the changes in the external and internal environment, used
      Fintech as the locomotive to provide “nuclear power”, and endeavored to develop itself into the bank that offers the
      best customer experience. Over the past year, the Company has made remarkable results in business development,
      further consolidated its customer base and steadily improved its customer service capabilities. In 2019, the Company
      will closely center on the two critical points of customers and technologies to deepen the strategic transformation
      and promote the formation of new business models. For details, please refer to the sections headed “Chairman’s
      Statement” and “President’s Statement”.

1.3 Development strategies, investment value and core
    competitiveness
      Development vision:          Building the “Best Commercial Bank in China” with innovation-driven development,
                                   leading retail banking and distinguished features.
      Strategic objective:         Closely adhering to the transformation objective of building a “Light-operation Bank”,
                                   realising balanced development among “quality, efficiency and scale”, continually
                                   optimising operational structure, basically completing the system of a “Light-operation
                                   Bank”, initially achieving digitalisation of the Bank, and vigorously promoting
                                   internationalisation and integration.
      Strategic positioning:       Adhering to the strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, focusing on the
                                   construction of basic customer base and core customer base, enriching two product
                                   systems namely basic products and professional products, equipping retail business
                                   with significant competitive edges and wholesale business with distinctive features, and
                                   enhancing the coordination among business lines.
      Development Strategies:
      Proactively occupy the strategic dominant position in the future: firstly, the Company will continually promote
      structural adjustment and operational transformation to realise the objective of a “Light-operation Bank”. Secondly,
      the Company will strengthen the proactive management of risks and maintain sound operation in active response
      to the challenge from the deceleration of economic growth. Thirdly, the Company will promote digitalisation in a
      comprehensive manner to build a digitalised CMB and achieve sustainable development. Fourthly, the Company will
      build a professional system of “investment banking – asset management – wealth management”, so as to form its
      new core competitive edges.
14   China Merchants Bank        I Company Information
     Annual Report 2018


           Push forward the transformation of the business model. The Company will strive to combine “experience” with
           “technology”, build a leading digitalised innovative bank and an excellent wealth management bank, form a new
           model for retail banking service in the Internet era, and bring the systematic competitiveness of retail finance to
           a new height. Focusing on “promoting transformation, adjusting structure and improving quality”, the Company
           will promote in-depth transformation of the development model of corporate finance, and vigorously forge our
           differentiated competitive advantages. The Company will adhere to the integration of investment banking and
           commercial banking, capitalise on the overall strength of corporate finance and vigorously promote the coordinated
           development between “transaction banking” and “investment banking” so as to build a leading business system of
           transaction banking and investment banking. The Company will also strengthen business synergy, exert its unique
           advantage of “One Body with Two Wings” and steadily promote integration so as to provide all-inclusive financial
           services to customers. In addition, the Company will push forward internationalisation so as to enhance our overseas
           operation and management level.
           Build a strong strategic supporting system. Firstly, the Company will gradually adopt the lean and agile development
           models to realise the “dual-model developments” of IT projects, and vigorously enhance its technology-based
           capability. Secondly, the Company will put emphasis on both management and services, and build a “light-operation”
           human resources management system. Thirdly, the Company will optimise its resources allocation, and further
           strengthen asset and liability management and financial management. Fourthly, the Company will strive to enhance
           its risk management level and address both symptomatic and fundamental problems, so as to build a professional,
           independent and vertical comprehensive risk management system. Fifthly, the Company will form an integrated
           internal control and management system to reinforce the foundation of its internal control and compliance.
           Sixthly, the Company will push forward the structural reform of organisations, so as to build a complete flattened,
           intensive and professional organisational structure for the future. Seventhly, the Company will promote the reform
           of operation system and process restructuring, so as to form a “light-operation” system. Eighthly, the Company
           will optimise channel construction and management to enhance the efficiency of channel operation. Ninthly, the
           Company will reinforce cultural branding of CMB and cultivate the driving force for sustainable development.
           Investment Value and Core Competitiveness:
           Well-developed and refined strategic management. Adhering to the strategy-driven development, the
           Company’s strategic management has become increasingly well-developed. It has given full play to its comparative
           advantages and management potential amidst the crucial period of technological progress, industrial restructuring
           and deepening of financial markets. The Company attains proper strategic positioning and vigorously carries out
           structural adjustment for business development, customers, channels and products in an effort to promote the
           dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”, thus navigating a differentiated development
           path with outstanding performance.
           Accelerating innovation and changes in corporate culture. With the “Shekou gene” inherited from the reform
           and opening up, the Company formulated a business philosophy of “we are here just for you”, held onto its core
           values of “service, innovation and prudence”, adhered to the distinct corporate culture that strived for excellence
           and accelerated innovation and changes in the course of its business development.
           Fully empowered Fintech. The Company endeavoured to build itself into a “Digital Bank”, and used Fintech
           as the locomotive to provide “nuclear power” for its transformation and development, so as to fully empower
           its business development. Through benchmarking with Fintech companies, the Company will build up the overall
           infrastructure for the Company’s financial science and technology, establish an ecological system for the business of
           the Company with an open mindset and a long-term perspective, and transform the business management model
           with the concepts and methods of Fintech so as to strengthen the capability of science and technology, promote the
           integration of technology with business and promote business agility based on agile technology.
           Well-structured layout of business plans. Leveraging on its own endowment of resources, the Company
           established a clear strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” through its focus on business and
           customers, built a professional system of “Investment Bank – Asset Management – Wealth Management”, thereby
           creating a large number of leading and distinctive businesses and forming the layout of business plans with a
           coherent structure and stronger capability to withstand cyclical risks.
           Advantageous retail finance. The retail business of the Company set an early lead in the industry and formed an
           inward development system in terms of customer base, channels, products and brands. At the same time, through
           vigorous promotion of inclusive and intensive growth and enhancement of refined management, key factors
           including the proportion of net operating income, profit contribution and the proportion of high-end customers are
           among the best in the industry. The Company enjoys a leading advantage in its retail finance.
           Distinctive wholesale finance. The Company actively builds a market-leading wholesale finance business with
           distinctive features and leverages on its professional advantages to provide its clients with customized and integrated
           financial services. New growth engines such as investment banking, transaction banking, asset custody, asset
           management, bills and financial markets have been growing continuously and professional service capabilities have
           been affirmed and recognized by the market and customers.
           Scientific and efficient management system. Based on the principle of serving customers and boosting business
           development, the Company successfully established the comprehensive, modern and scientific risk management
           system, the capital management system, the operational management system, the information management system,
           the performance appraisal system and the human resource management system of the Company which have been
           put in place and the relevant capabilities acquired can guarantee the steady development of business operation in
           the long run.
           Continuous improvement of the organizational system. In accordance with the direction of “professionalism,
           delayering and intensification”, the Company creates an efficient light management structure, establishes an end-to-end
           customer service process and builds organizational models with distinctive features, such as setting up business divisions
           in the branch level. The professionalization level and the efficiency of operation and management have been improving
           and the speed to respond to customer needs and market changes has been picking up.
           Industry-leading quality service. The Company developed a unique service model ever since it was founded.
           Through its long-term practice, it has established its service concept of “we are here just for you”. We attach
           importance to the customer service experience, proactively promote service upgrading, and always keep its service
           quality ahead. “Good service” has been the tag for the Company to attract customers and expand market.
           Excellent professional personnel. The Company has cultivated and created a high-quality talent team through a
           people-oriented culture and a market-based talent incentive mechanism. The senior management team has extensive
           experience and is well settled down. The overall quality of staff and their professional skills are industry-leading. We
           proactively embrace competition in Fintech by expanding the investment and recruitment of Fintech talents.
China Merchants Bank       I Company Information                                                                          15
Annual Report 2018



1.4 Honors and Awards
      In 2018, the Company received a number of honors and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
      including:
      •      The “Report on the Survey of Preferred Brand Names of Chinese Multimillionaires of 2018” was officially
             released by Hurun Rich List in January 2018 and the credit card business of the Company received the “Most
             Favoured Credit Card by Multimillionaires” in Hurun Rich List for 14 consecutive years.
      •      In the “Top 500 World Banks” released by The Banker, a UK magazine in February 2018, the Company
             ranked 11th worldwide with a brand value of USD16.673 billion, up by 1 place from the previous year. In
             July, in The Banker’s list of “Top 1,000 World Banks 2018”, the Company ranked 20th, up by 3 places from
             the previous year.
      •      In February 2018, in the “2018 Global Best Private Banking and Wealth Management Institutions Awards
             Ceremony” staged by Euromoney, the Company received the “Best Private Bank in China” for the eighth
             time.
      •      In March 2018, in the “2018 International Excellence in Retail Financial Services Awards Ceremony”
             organised by The Asian Banker, the Company was named the “Best Retail Bank in the Asia Pacific Region”.
             In May, in the “2018 Future Finance Summit & Industry Achievement Awards Ceremony” organised by The
             Asian Banker, the Company was named the “Best Innovation Center for Financial Institutions in China” and
             the “Best Custodian Bank in China”.
      •      In June 2018, in the selection campaign for the “2018 Finance Innovation Award in China” organised
             by The Banker in China, the Company won the “Best Financial Innovation Award”. The corporate wealth
             management business of the Company was awarded “Top 10 Wealth Management Innovation Award”, and
             its private banking business won the “Top 10 Family Trust Management Innovation Award”. “Zhao Ying Tong
             (招贏通)” Internet Transaction Platform for Industry Peers” products won the “Top 10 Financial Technology
             Product Innovation Award” and “CMB APP 6.0” products won the “Top 10 Financial Product Innovation
             Award”, respectively.
      •      In July 2018, The Company was awarded the “2017 Best Socially Responsible Financial Institution in China’s
             Banking Industry” at the “Conference for Publication of the Corporate Social Responsibility Reports of the
             PRC Banking Industry for 2017 and Commendation on Social Responsibility Practices” by China Banking
             Association.
      •      In July 2018, the list of Fortune China 500 was released, with the Company ranking 38th. The Company was
             included in the list of Fortune Global 500 for 7 consecutive years, ranking 213th, up by 3 places from the
             previous year.
      •      In September 2018, in the “Awards of Excellence in Corporate and Investment Banking in China 2018”
             organised by Asiamoney, the Company won the “Best Finance Institutions and Investment Banking Business
             in China” award. In December, the Company was awarded “China’s Leaders in Fintech: Best National
             Commercial Bank” in 2018 by Asiamoney.
      •      In November 2018, in the “2018 China Human Capital International Management Forum and China’s Best
             Employer Awards Ceremony” hosted by Zhilian Zhaopin, the Company received two awards, namely the
             “2018 Best Employer of China” and “2018 Employer with the Most Female Attention of China”.
      •      In November 2018, the Company was once again included in Component of SynTao Green Finance-Caixin
             ESG (Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance) 50 Index by Caixin Magazine.
16   China Merchants Bank               II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2018



     Summary of Accounting Data
     and Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key accounting data and financial indicators
           Operating Results
                                                                                                                                                               Changes
           (in millions of RMB, excluding percentages)                                                                2018                   2017               +/(-)%
           Net operating income(1)                                                                               248,444                221,037                    12.40
           Profit before tax                                                                                     106,497                 90,680                    17.44
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                                    80,560                 70,150                    14.84

           Per Share (RMB)
                                                                                                                                                               Changes
                                                                                                                      2018                   2017               +/(-)%
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank(2)                                        3.13                   2.78                  12.59
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                         3.13                   2.78                  12.59
           Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders                                                 20.07                  17.69                  13.45
             of the Bank

           Volume Indicators
                                                                                                         31 December             31 December                   Changes
           (in millions of RMB, excluding percentages)                                                          2018                    2017                    +/(-)%
           Total assets                                                                                       6,745,729              6,297,638                      7.12
             of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                                               3,933,034              3,565,044                     10.32
           Total liabilities                                                                                  6,202,124              5,814,246                      6.67
             of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                                       4,400,674              4,064,345                      8.28
           Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                                540,118                480,210                     12.48

           Notes:   (1)   Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of
                          associates and joint ventures.

                    (2)   The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and paid dividends on the preference shares during the year. Therefore, when
                          calculating basic earnings per share, return on average equity and net assets per share, dividends on the preference shares were deducted
                          from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares were deducted from both the “average equity”
                          and the “net assets”.

                    (3)   In accordance with the “Notice on the Revision and Issuance of the Format of the Financial Statements of the Financial Enterprise for 2018”
                          (Cai Kuai [2018] No. 36) (《關於修訂印發2018年度金融企業財務報表格式的通知》(財會〔2018〕36號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance,
                          the interest on financial instruments accrued based on the effective interest rate method shall be included in the balance of the relevant
                          financial instruments, and shall be reflected in the relevant items of the financial reports, and the “interest receivable” or “interest payable”
                          item shall no longer be listed separately. The balance of “interest receivable” or “interest payable” listed in the “other assets” or “other
                          liabilities” item is only the interest receivable or payable where the relevant financial instruments have expired but the interest has not
                          yet been received or paid at the balance sheet date. The comparable figures for the corresponding period of 2017 may not be adjusted.
                          Since the 2018 annual report, the Group has adjusted the financial statements and its accompanying notes in accordance with the above
                          requirements. Unless otherwise stated, the balances of the relevant items herein and set out below do not include the above interest on
                          financial instruments accrued based on the effective interest method.
China Merchants Bank               II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                        17
Annual Report 2018



2.2 Financial ratios
      (%)                                                                                            2018                  2017                   Changes
      Profitability indicators
      Return on average assets attributable                                                           1.24                  1.15       Increased by 0.09
        to shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                     percentage point
      Return on average equity attributable                                                         16.57                  16.54       Increased by 0.03
        to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                                                            percentage point
      Net interest spread                                                                             2.44                  2.29       Increased by 0.15
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Net interest margin                                                                             2.57                  2.43       Increased by 0.14
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      As percentage of net operating income
        – Net interest income                                                                       64.56                  65.53      Decreased by 0.97
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
        – Net non-interest income                                                                   35.44                  34.47       Increased by 0.97
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Cost-to-income ratio(1)                                                                       31.04                  30.21       Increased by 0.83
                                                                                                                                        percentage point



                                                                                         31 December            31 December                 Changes over
      (%)                                                                                       2018                   2017                2017 year-end
      Capital adequacy indicators under the
        advanced approach
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                            11.78                  12.06      Decreased by 0.28
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                 12.62                  13.02      Decreased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio(2)                                                                     15.68                  15.48       Increased by 0.20
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Equity to total assets                                                                          8.06                  7.68       Increased by 0.38
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Asset quality indicators
      Non-performing loan ratio                                                                       1.36                  1.61      Decreased by 0.25
                                                                                                                                        percentage point
      Allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans(3)                                         358.18                  262.11     Increased by 96.07
                                                                                                                                      percentage points
      Allowance ratio of loans(4)                                                                     4.88                  4.22       Increased by 0.66
                                                                                                                                        percentage point

      Notes:   (1)   Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for
                     insurance claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties.

               (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and Core Tier 1 capital adequacy
                     ratio under the weighted approach were 13.06%, 11.04% and 10.31% respectively.

               (3)   Allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

               (4)   Allowance ratio of loans = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.
18   China Merchants Bank         II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2018



     2.3 Five-year financial summary
           (in millions of RMB)                                2018          2017            2016        2015        2014
           Results for the year
           Net operating income                             248,444       221,037          210,270    202,302     166,525
           Operating expenses                                81,110        70,431           65,148     67,957      61,413
           Impairment losses                                 60,837        59,926           66,159     59,266      31,681
           Profit before tax                                106,497        90,680           78,963     75,079      73,431
           Net profit attributable to shareholders
             of the Bank                                      80,560        70,150          62,081     57,696      55,911
           (RMB)
           Per Share
           Dividend (tax inclusive)                             0.94          0.84            0.74        0.69        0.67
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                           3.13          2.78            2.46        2.29        2.22
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                           3.13          2.78            2.46        2.29        2.22
           Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                          20.07         17.69           15.95      14.31       12.47
           (in millions of RMB)
           Year end
           Share capital                                      25,220       25,220        25,220         25,220      25,220
           Total shareholders’ equity                        543,605      483,392       403,362        361,758     315,060
           Total liabilities                               6,202,124    5,814,246     5,538,949      5,113,220   4,416,769
           Deposits from customers                         4,400,674    4,064,345     3,802,049      3,571,698   3,304,438
           Total assets                                    6,745,729    6,297,638     5,942,311      5,474,978   4,731,829
           Total loans and advances to customers           3,933,034    3,565,044     3,261,681      2,824,286   2,513,919
           (%)
           Key Financial Ratios
           Return on average assets attributable to
             shareholders of the Bank                           1.24          1.15            1.09        1.13        1.28
           Return on average equity attributable to
             ordinary shareholders of the Bank                 16.57         16.54           16.27      17.09       19.28
           Cost-to-income ratio                                31.04         30.21           27.60      27.55       30.42
           Non-performing loan ratio                            1.36          1.61            1.87       1.68        1.11
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
             the advanced approach                             11.78         12.06           11.54      10.83       10.44
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
             advanced approach                                 12.62         13.02           11.54      10.83       10.44
           Capital adequacy ratio under the advanced
             approach                                          15.68         15.48           13.33      12.57       12.38
China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                         19
Annual Report 2018



    Report of the Board of Directors

3.1 Analysis of overall operation
      In 2018, the Group continued to implement its strategic direction of “Light-operation Bank” and the strategic
      positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” by carrying out various businesses in a proactive and sound manner.
      Our overall operation continued to improve and the dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and
      Scale” was achieved, which were reflected mainly in the following aspects:
      Earnings increased steadily. In 2018, the Group realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of
      RMB80.560 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.84%; the net interest income was RMB160.384 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 10.72%; the net non-interest income was RMB88.060 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 15.59%, up by 3.67% year-on-year after eliminating the impact of implementing the new
      financial instrument standard2. The return on average asset (ROAA) and return on average equity (ROAE) attributable
      to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.24% and 16.57%, up by 0.09 percentage point and 0.03 percentage
      point from the previous year, respectively.
      The scale of assets and liabilities expanded steadily. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets
      amounted to RMB6,745.729 billion, representing an increase of 7.12% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB3,933.034 billion, representing an increase
      of 10.32% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB6,202.124 billion,
      representing an increase of 6.67% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers
      amounted to RMB4,400.674 billion, representing an increase of 8.28% as compared with the end of the previous
      year.
      The non-performing loans decreased and the allowance coverage ratio remained solid. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Group had total non-performing loans of RMB53.605 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.788
      billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio was 1.36%, down by 0.25
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan allowance coverage ratio
      was 358.18%, representing an increase of 96.07 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.



3.2 Analysis of income statement
3.2.1 Financial highlights
      In 2018, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB106.497 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      17.44%. The effective income tax rate was 24.11%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.01 percentage points.
      The following table sets out the changes in major income/loss items of the Group in 2018.

      (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2018                     2017                Changes
      Net interest income                                                                       160,384                 144,852                    15,532
      Net fee and commission income                                                              66,480                  64,018                     2,462
      Other net income                                                                           20,271                  11,169                     9,102
      Operating expenses                                                                        (81,110)                (70,431)                  (10,679)
      Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                           1,309                     998                       311
      Expected credit losses                                                                    (60,829)                (59,922)                     (907)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                                              (8)                     (4)                       (4)
      Profit before tax                                                                         106,497                  90,680                    15,817
      Income tax                                                                                (25,678)                (20,042)                   (5,636)
      Net profit                                                                                 80,819                  70,638                    10,181
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                        80,560                  70,150                    10,410




2
      The new financial instrument standard refer to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. Before the implementation of the standard, some of the financial
      instruments were measured at amortised cost or measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. After the implementation, the
      measurement attributes and accounting methods are adjusted to be measured at fair value through profit or loss. The impact on the data of revenue
      will be: fair value changes of the current period will affect the net non-interest income and the net operating income; the presentation of investment
      income will be changed from the interest income to the non-interest income, affecting the net interest income and net non-interest income structure,
      but will not affect the total net operating income.
20   China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.2.2 Net operating income
           In 2018, the net operating income of the Group was RMB248.444 billion, representing an increase of 12.40% as
           compared with the previous year. The net interest income accounted for 64.56% of the net operating income, the
           net non-interest income accounted for 35.44% of the net operating income, representing a year-on-year increase of
           0.97 percentage point.
           The following table sets out the percentages of the components of the net operating income of the Group in the
           recent five years.
           (%)                                                              2018              2017            2016         2015          2014
           Net interest income                                           64.56                65.53           64.01        68.01        70.38
           Net fee and commission income                                 26.76                28.96           28.95        26.20        23.72
           Other net income                                               8.16                 5.05            6.89         5.72         5.81
           Share of profits of associates and
             joint ventures                                                 0.52               0.46            0.15         0.07         0.09
           Total                                                        100.00               100.00          100.00       100.00       100.00



     3.2.3 Interest income
           In 2018, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB270.911 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           11.94%, or 14.57% after eliminating the impact of implementing the new financial instrument standard, mainly due
           to the increase in interest-earning assets, and increased yield of interest-earning assets brought by the continuous
           optimisation of asset structure as well as improvement in risk pricing. Interest income from loans and advances to
           customers continued to be the biggest component of the interest income of the Group.
           Interest income from loans and advances to customers
           In 2018, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was RMB196.370 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 16.29%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the average balances, interest income and average yields of
           different types of loans and advances to customers of the Group.
                                                                                   2018                                    2017
                                                                 Average          Interest       Average       Average     Interest    Average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance           income       yield (%)      balance     income     yield (%)
           Corporate loans                                      1,743,614       73,954                4.24    1,650,406     65,864        3.99
           Retail loans                                         1,886,389      113,698                6.03    1,694,059     98,386        5.81
           Discounted bills                                       195,120        8,718                4.47      164,005      4,608        2.81
           Loans and advances to customers                      3,825,123      196,370                5.13    3,508,470    168,858        4.81

           In 2018, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of the Company, the
           average balance of short-term loans was RMB1,602.721 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB95.849
           billion, and the average yield reached 5.98%; the average balance of medium-to-long term loans was RMB1,944.671
           billion with the interest income amounting to RMB89.575 billion, and the average yield reached 4.61%. The average
           yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium-to-long term loans, which was attributable to the higher
           yield of credit card overdrafts and micro-finance loans in short-term loans.
           Interest income from investments
           In 2018, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB48.267 billion, representing a year-on-year
           decrease of 7.25%, which was mainly attributable to the impact of implementing the new financial instrument
           standard. The accounting measurement of certain financial assets was adjusted to be measured at fair value through
           profit or loss, and the presentation of relevant income was changed from the interest income to the non-interest
           income. The average yield of investments was 3.77%, up by 0.14 percentage point as compared with the previous
           year.
           Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
           In 2018, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
           was RMB18.313 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.38%, and the average yield of balances and
           placements with banks and other financial institutions was 2.91%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.20
           percentage point, which was primarily attributable to the significant improvement in liquidity. The Group moderately
           increased the allocation of assets with banks and other financial institutions, and enhanced the structure of assets to
           improve the yields on placements with banks and other financial institutions.
China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                21
Annual Report 2018


3.2.4 Interest expense
      In 2018, the interest expense of the Group was RMB110.527 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.77%,
      which was primarily attributable to the increase in the scale of interest-bearing liabilities and the rigid increase in the
      cost ratio of liabilities from customers that have pushed up the interest expense of the Group.
      Interest expense on deposits from customers
      In 2018, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB61.987 billion, up by 23.16% as
      compared with the previous year. In addition to various impacts including the increase in the scale of deposits, it was
      also affected by intensified interbank competition and the demand for higher return on deposits from customers,
      resulting in an increase in the cost ratio of deposits.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the average balances, interest expenses and average cost
      ratios for the deposits from corporate and retail customers of the Group.


                                                                             2018                                2017
                                                                                         Average                              Average
                                                            Average      Interest       cost ratio     Average    Interest   cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance      expense              (%)      balance   expense           (%)
      Deposits from corporate customers
        Demand                                             1,559,171          12,641         0.81    1,483,512    10,794          0.73
        Time                                               1,242,061          34,166         2.75    1,182,334    29,089          2.46
        Subtotal                                           2,801,232          46,807         1.67    2,665,846    39,883          1.50
      Deposits from retail customers
        Demand                                             1,029,918           3,409         0.33      968,069     3,600          0.37
        Time                                                 438,373          11,771         2.69      331,547     6,846          2.06
        Subtotal                                           1,468,291          15,180         1.03    1,299,616    10,446          0.80
      Total                                                4,269,523          61,987         1.45    3,965,462    50,329          1.27

      Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
      In 2018, the interest expense of the Group on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
      amounted to RMB23.028 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.60%, which was primarily due to the
      fact that the Group continued to optimise the liability structure, and the proportion of high cost liabilities was
      maintained at a reasonably controllable level.
      Interest expense on debt securities issued
      In 2018, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB14.530 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 8.14%, which was primarily attributable to the higher cost ratio of debt securities issued.



3.2.5 Net interest income
      In 2018, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB160.384 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      10.72%, or 15.10% after eliminating the impact of implementing the new financial instrument standard.
      The following table sets out the average balances of assets and liabilities, interest income/interest expense, and
      average yield/cost ratio of the Group for the periods indicated. The average balances of interest-earning assets and
      interest-bearing liabilities are the average of the daily balances.
                                                                             2018                                2017
                                                            Average          Interest    Average       Average    Interest    Average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance           income    yield (%)      balance    income     yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                     3,825,123      196,370             5.13    3,508,470   168,858         4.81
      Investments                                         1,278,915       48,267             3.77    1,432,408    52,042         3.63
      Balances with the central bank                        510,760        7,961             1.56      566,594     8,679         1.53
      Balances and placements with banks and
        other financial institutions                        630,169          18,313          2.91     459,129     12,426         2.71
      Total                                               6,244,967      270,911             4.34    5,966,601   242,005         4.06
22   China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


                                                                                             Average                                   Average
                                                                 Average      Interest      cost ratio     Average         Interest   cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance      expense             (%)      balance        expense           (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                              4,269,523         61,987         1.45     3,965,462        50,329          1.27
           Deposits and placements from banks and
             other financial institutions                         863,041         23,028         2.67      880,787         24,138          2.74
           Debt securities issued                                 340,151         14,530         4.27      339,320         13,436          3.96
           Borrowings from the central bank                       348,093         10,982         3.15      305,886          9,250          3.02
           Total                                                5,820,808     110,527            1.90     5,491,455        97,153          1.77
           Net interest income                                           /    160,384                /            /       144,852              /
           Net interest spread                                           /          /            2.44             /             /          2.29
           Net interest margin                                           /          /            2.57             /             /          2.43

           In 2018, the average yield of the interest-earning assets of the Group was 4.34%, while the average cost ratio
           of interest-bearing liabilities was 1.90%, representing a year-on-year increase of 28 basis points and 13 basis
           points respectively. The net interest spread was 2.44%, while the net interest margin was 2.57%, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 15 basis points and 14 basis points respectively.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest
           expense due to changes in volumes and interest rates of the Group. Changes in volume are measured by changes
           in average balances (daily average balance), while changes in interest rate are measured by changes in the average
           interest rate; the changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volume and interest rate
           have been included in the amount of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in volume.
                                                                                                    2018 compared with 2017
                                                                                           Increase (decrease) due to             Net increase
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                Volume      Interest rate            (decrease)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                                                      16,256                11,256           27,512
           Investments                                                                          (5,793)                2,018           (3,775)
           Balances with the central bank                                                         (870)                  152             (718)
           Balances and placements with banks and other
             financial institutions                                                              4,971                  916              5,887
           Changes in interest income                                                           14,564                14,342           28,906

           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                                               4,415                 7,243           11,658
           Deposits and placements from banks and other
             financial institutions                                                               (474)                 (636)          (1,110)
           Debt securities issued                                                                   35                 1,059             1,094
           Borrowings from the central bank                                                      1,332                   400             1,732
           Changes in interest expense                                                           5,308                 8,066           13,374

           Changes in net interest income                                                        9,256                 6,276           15,532
China Merchants Bank                    III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                    23
Annual Report 2018


      The following table sets out the average balances of assets and liabilities, interest income/interest expense and
      annualised average yield/cost ratio of the Group for the periods indicated. The average balances of interest-earning
      assets and interest-bearing liabilities are the average of the daily balances.
                                                                   July to September 2018                    October to December 2018
                                                                                          Annualised                              Annualised
                                                               Average         Interest     average       Average      Interest     average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             balance          income     yield (%)      balance       income     yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                         3,910,859         50,603          5.13     3,920,319      51,661          5.23
      Investments                                             1,280,918         12,165          3.77     1,275,105      12,004          3.73
      Balances with the central bank                            512,102          2,009          1.56       487,473       1,925          1.57
      Balances and placements with banks and other
         financial institutions                                690,285           4,392          2.52      654,649        4,977          3.02
      Total                                                   6,394,164         69,169          4.29     6,337,546      70,567          4.42



                                                                   July to September 2018                    October to December 2018
                                                                                          Annualised                              Annualised
                                                                                            average                                 average
                                                               Average         Interest    cost ratio     Average     Interest     cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             balance         expense           (%)      balance     expense            (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                               4,319,201          16,081           1.48    4,360,202     16,239            1.48
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions                      899,692           5,549           2.45     797,923        5,041           2.51
      Debt securities issued                                  351,024           3,810           4.31     388,434        4,109           4.20
      Borrowings from the central bank                        345,820           2,769           3.18     344,161        2,766           3.19
      Total                                                 5,915,737          28,209           1.89    5,890,720     28,155            1.90
      Net interest income                                             /        40,960              /             /    42,412               /
      Net interest spread                                             /             /           2.40             /         /            2.52
      Net interest margin                                             /             /           2.54             /         /            2.66

      Facing the rising pressure on debt costs, the Group continued to optimise its asset and liability structure and improve
      its risk pricing management level. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.66%,
      up by 12 basis points as compared with the third quarter of 2018, and its net interest spread was 2.52%, up by 12
      basis points as compared with the third quarter of 2018. The annualised average yield of the interest-earning assets
      was 4.42%, up by 13 basis points as compared with the third quarter of 2018 while the annualised average cost
      ratio of interest-bearing liabilities was 1.90%, up by 1 basis point as compared with the third quarter of 2018.
24   China Merchants Bank             III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.2.6 Net non-interest income
           In 2018, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB88.060 billion, up by 15.59% from the previous year,
           or up by 3.67% year-on-year after eliminating the impact of implementing the new financial instrument standard.
           The components are as follows:
           Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB66.480 billion, representing an increase of 3.85% as compared
           with the previous year. Among the fee and commission income, income from bank card fees increased by
           RMB2.716 billion or 19.38% as compared with the previous year, which was primarily attributable to the increase in
           intermediary business income from credit cards; income from settlement and clearing fees3 increased by RMB1.058
           billion or 11.49% as compared with the previous year calculated on the same statistical calibre, which was primarily
           attributable to the increase in income from e-payment; income from agency services fees increased by RMB436
           million or 3.55% as compared with the previous year calculated on the same statistical calibre, which was primarily
           attributable to the increase in income from agency distribution of funds. The commissions from credit commitment
           and loan business increased by RMB435 million or 6.83% as compared with the previous year calculated on the
           same statistical calibre, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the fee income from financial leasing and
           the fee income from the domestic factoring business; commissions on trust and fiduciary activities decreased by
           RMB1.894 billion or 7.50% as compared with the previous year calculated on the same statistical calibre, which
           were mainly affected by factors such as the New Regulation on Asset Management, the decline in social financing
           demand and the lowered interest rate. The high-yield assets of wealth management investment decreased while
           the liability-side interest rates were less flexible. The asset management VAT policy was implemented, resulting a
           decrease in the fee income from entrusted wealth management services.
           Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB21.580 billion, representing an increase of 77.37% as compared
           with the previous year. Among which, net investment income4 amounted to RMB11.327 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB6.416 billion or 130.65% as compared with the previous year calculated on the same statistical
           calibre, and net gains from fair value changes amounted to RMB1.091 billion, representing an increase of RMB420
           million or 62.59% as compared with the previous year calculated on the same statistical calibre. Both increases
           were primarily attributable to the impact of implementing the new financial instrument standard. Other net income
           amounted to RMB4.315 billion, representing an increase of RMB662 million or 18.12% as compared with the
           previous year, which was primarily attributable to the increase in the income from operating leasing business.
           Among the business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB43.225 billion,
           representing an increase of 15.50% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 49.09% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income; the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB32.276 billion,
           representing an increase of 5.86% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 36.65% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income; the net non-interest income from other businesses amounted to RMB12.559 billion,
           representing an increase of 51.86% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 14.26% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of net non-interest income of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                   2018                   2017
           Fee and commission income                                                                                           73,046                  69,908
             – Bank card fees                                                                                                  16,727                  14,011
             – Settlement and clearing fees                                                                                    10,267                   9,209
             – Agency service fees                                                                                             12,723                  12,287
             – Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                                             6,807                   6,372
             – Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                                                   23,351                  25,245
             – Others                                                                                                           3,171                   2,784
             Less: fees and commission expense                                                                                 (6,566)                 (5,890)
           Net fee and commission income                                                                                       66,480                  64,018
           Other net non-interest income                                                                                       21,580                  12,167
             – Other net income                                                                                                20,271                  11,169
              – Net gains from fair value changes                                                                               1,091                     671
              – Net investment income                                                                                          11,327                   4,911
              – Exchange gain                                                                                                   3,538                   1,934
              – Other net operating income                                                                                      4,315                   3,653
             – Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                                                1,309                     998
           Total net non-interest income                                                                                       88,060                  76,185

     3
           During the period, the Group adjusted the statistical calibre of the breakdown items of the fee and commission income, the fee related to financial
           leasing was adjusted from “others” to “commissions from credit commitment and loan business”; part of the fee related to cross-border financing
           business was adjusted from “settlement and clearing fees” to “commissions from credit commitment and loan business”; the fund management fee
           income of the subsidiaries was adjusted from “agency service fees” and “others” to “commissions on trust and fiduciary activities”, and corresponding
           adjustments were made to the comparative figures of the previous year.
     4
           Since the beginning of the period, the Group has included the profit and loss of the precious metals transaction as a whole under the “net gains
           from fair value changes”. The “net gains from fair value changes” and “net investment income” of the Income Statement were adjusted for the
           corresponding period of 2017.
China Merchants Bank         III Report of the Board of Directors                                                            25
Annual Report 2018


3.2.7 Operating expenses
      In 2018, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB81.110 billion, representing an increase of 15.16% as
      compared with the previous year. Among which, staff costs of the Group increased by 16.48% as compared with
      the previous year. Other general and administrative expenses increased by 19.62% as compared with the previous
      year. The cost-to-income ratio was 31.04%, representing an increase of 0.83 percentage point as compared with
      the previous year. The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the following reasons. The Group
      increased its efforts to further support financial technology innovation, enhanced technology-based capability, and
      increased the investment of IT infrastructure and human resources for research and development. At the same time,
      in order to improve the brand image and service level of outlets, the Group focused on upgrading the hardware and
      software of digital outlets. In addition, by focusing on the strategic development direction of monthly active users
      (MAU), the Company increased the resources invested in online customer acquisition and operation. The Company’s
      cost-to-income ratio was 31.23%, up by 0.95 percentage point as compared with the previous year.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
      Group.

      (in millions of RMB)                                                                        2018              2017
      Staff costs                                                                               46,025             39,512
      Taxes and surcharges                                                                       2,132              2,152
      Depreciation of fixed assets and investment properties                                     5,270              5,062
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            983                714
      Rental expenses                                                                            4,242              4,189
      Other general and administrative expenses                                                 22,214             18,570
      Allowances for insurance claims                                                              244                232
      Total                                                                                     81,110             70,431



3.2.8 Expected credit losses
      In 2018, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB60.829 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      1.51%.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
      Group.

      (in millions of RMB)                                                                        2018              2017
      Loans and advances to customers                                                           59,252             60,052
      Investments                                                                                1,176               (933)
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                     (368)               121
      Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan commitments                 374                N/A
      Other assets                                                                                 395                682
      Total expected credit losses                                                              60,829             59,922

      Expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers were the largest component of expected credit losses. In
      2018, expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers of the Group were RMB59.252 billion, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 1.33%. For details of the allowances for impairment losses on loans, please refer to the
      section headed “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
26   China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018



     3.3 Analysis of balance sheet
     3.3.1 Assets
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6,745.729 billion, up by 7.12%
           from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to customers
           and bond investments of the Group.
           To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.1 Assets” were still analysed on the
           statistical calibre excluding interest receivable, except for the table “components of the total assets of the Group”,
           in which interest receivable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry
           of Finance.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                                           31 December 2018                            31 December 2017
                                                                                                          Percentage of                             Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                    Amount          the total (%)               Amount        the total (%)
           Total loans and advances to customers                                        3,941,844                    58.43           3,565,044               56.61
           Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)                                  (191,895)                   (2.84)           (150,432)              (2.39)
           Net loans and advances to customers                                          3,749,949                    55.59           3,414,612               54.22
           Investment securities and other financial assets(2)                          1,714,490                    25.42           1,602,475               25.45
           Cash, precious metals and balances with the
             central bank                                                                 500,020                     7.41            625,728                  9.94
           Balances with banks and other financial institutions                           100,160                     1.48             76,918                  1.22
           Placements with banks and other financial
             institutions and amounts held under resale
             agreements                                                                   512,797                     7.60            407,178                  6.47
           Goodwill                                                                         9,954                     0.15              9,954                  0.16
           Other assets(3)                                                                158,359                     2.35            160,773                  2.54
           Total assets                                                                 6,745,729                  100.00            6,297,638             100.00

           Notes:   (1)    The “allowances for impairment losses on loans” as at the end of the year include the allowances for impairment losses on loans and
                           advances to customers measured at amortised cost and the allowances for impairment losses on interest receivable from loans and
                           advances to customers measured at amortised cost. The allowances for impairment losses of RMB228 million were not deducted from the
                           carrying values of the loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. For details, please
                           refer to Note 22 to the financial statements.

                    (2)    During the reporting period, the Group reclassified the joint venture, Hong Kong Life Insurance Limited, from “assets held for sale” under
                           “Other assets” to “Investments in joint ventures” due to the termination of the sale transaction, and adjusted the comparative figures of
                           the previous year accordingly. For details, please refer to Notes 26 and 67 to the financial statements.

                    (3)    Including fixed assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets and other assets.



     3.3.1.1 Loans and advances to customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
           RMB3,933.034 billion, representing an increase of 10.32% as compared with the end of the previous year; total
           loans and advances to customers accounted for 58.30% of the total assets, representing an increase of 1.69
           percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers
           of the Group, please refer to the section headed “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
China Merchants Bank                   III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                      27
Annual Report 2018


3.3.1.2 Investment securities and other financial assets
       The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
       denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
       The following table sets forth the components of investment securities and other financial assets of the Group by
       line items.
                                                                                   31 December 2018                            31 December 2017
                                                                                                 Percentage of                                Percentage of
       (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                Amount         the total (%)                Amount          the total (%)
       Investments at fair value through profit or loss                           327,643                  19.36               64,796                     4.04
         – Bond investments                                                       132,849                   7.85               64,152                     4.00
         – Non-standardised credit asset investments                              173,988                  10.28                    –                        –
         – Others(1)                                                               20,806                   1.23                  644                     0.04
       Derivative financial assets                                                 34,220                   2.02               18,916                     1.18
       Debt investments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                     414,691                  24.50                   N/A                    N/A
       Equity investments designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                         4,015                   0.24                 N/A                       N/A
       Debt investments at amortised cost                                         903,268                  53.36                 N/A                       N/A
         – Bond investments                                                       657,926                  38.87                 N/A                       N/A
         – Non-standardised credit asset investments                              252,884                  14.94                 N/A                       N/A
         – Others                                                                     538                   0.03                 N/A                       N/A
         Less: allowances for impairment losses                                    (8,080)                 (0.48)                N/A                       N/A
       Available-for-sale financial assets                                            N/A                   N/A              383,101                     23.91
       Held-to-maturity investments                                                   N/A                   N/A              558,218                     34.84
       Investments classified as receivables                                          N/A                   N/A              572,241                     35.71
       Investments in joint ventures and associates(2)                              8,871                   0.52               5,203                      0.32
       Total investment securities and other
         financial assets(2)                                                   1,692,708                 100.00            1,602,475                100.00

       Note:

       (1)       Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.

       (2)       During the year, the Group reclassified the joint-venture, Hong Kong Life Insurance Limited, from “assets held for sale” under “Other assets”
                 to “Investments in joint ventures” due to the termination of the sale transaction, and adjusted the comparative figures of the previous year
                 accordingly.



       Investments at fair value through profit or loss
       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments at fair value through profit or loss amounted to
       RMB327.643 billion. The main categories were bond investments and non-standardised credit asset investments.
       Bond investments were made mainly to cater to the need of the Group to grasp the trading opportunities in the
       bond market to increase investment income. In 2018, affected by trade frictions between China and the United
       States, coupled with the slowdown in macro-economy growth, interest rates in the bond market fell notably, and the
       overall income of trading account increased substantially. By strengthening market research and adopting a radical
       trading strategy that matches the market situation, the Group has drastically and rapidly lengthened the duration
       of trading account and continuously increased the scale of investment while at the same time actively conducting
       range trading using long-term interest rate bonds and interest rate derivatives as well as further improving portfolio
       revenue. Non-standardised credit asset investments were mainly non-standardised bill investments. For details, please
       refer to Note 24(a) to the financial statements.
28   China Merchants Bank             III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Derivative financial instruments
           As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
           the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 61(f) to the financial statements.
                                                                           31 December 2018                                31 December 2017
                                                                  Notional                                         Notional
                                                                   amount             Fair value                   amount              Fair value
           (in millions of RMB)                                                      Assets   Liabilities                            Assets      Liabilities
           Interest rate derivatives                            4,382,713           16,150        (14,812) 2,073,724                2,249          (1,898)
           Currency derivatives                                 1,605,849           17,630        (21,321) 1,305,784               16,345         (19,636)
           Other derivatives                                      116,624              440           (437)   108,927                  322            (323)
           Total                                                6,105,186           34,220        (36,570) 3,488,435               18,916         (21,857)

           In 2018, the RMB exchange rate was pegged to a basket of currencies, and its volatility was fully affected by the
           supply and demand of the foreign exchange market. At the same time, the bilateral volatility of the RMB exchange
           rate intensified, resulting in customers’ higher willingness to use derivative products to avoid exchange rate risks.
           The Group continued to leverage on the professional advantages of derivative transactions in the financial market,
           vigorously expanded its derivative trading business, and actively used derivative instruments such as interest rate
           swaps to hedge risks. As a result, the number of customers served and the scale of transactions continued to rise.
           The above table shows the nominal value and fair value of the Group’s derivatives by their remaining maturity on
           each balance sheet date. The nominal value refers only to the amounts of the transactions that have not yet been
           due or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
           Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
           income of the Group amounted to RMB414.691 billion. Such investments were made mainly to cater to the need
           of the Group to improve business performance. During the reporting period, affected by changes in the market
           environment, the interest rate of the RMB bond market saw a general decline, and credit default events increased
           accordingly. The Group closely monitored market changes, grasped the opportunities arising from market trends,
           appropriately lengthened the duration of the RMB currency portfolio, timely adjusted the structure of the existing
           portfolio, focused on increasing treasury bonds, local bonds and other interest rate-related assets with a higher
           allocation value, optimised the asset allocation structure and effectively avoided credit risks. For details, please refer
           to Note 24(c) to the financial statements.
           Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB4.015 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
           equity investments held by the Group in the investees where the Group had no control, joint control or significant
           influence. For details, please refer to Note 24(d) to the financial statements.
           Debt instrument investments measured at amortised cost
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments measured at amortised cost
           amounted to RMB903.268 billion. Among them, the bond investments were made mainly in the bonds issued by
           the PRC government and policy banks. This category of investments was held on a long-term basis for the strategic
           allocation of assets and liabilities of the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of bank
           accounts and liquidity management, while taking into account the benefits and risks. For details, please refer to
           Note 24(b) to the financial statements.
           The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
                                                                                                                    31 December            31 December
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                            2018                   2017
           Official authorities (note)                                                                                     641,102               497,260
           Policy banks                                                                                                    291,041               258,213
           Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                               174,934               151,101
           Others (note)                                                                                                    98,389                69,826
           Total Bond investments                                                                                       1,205,466                976,400

           Note:    “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the central bank etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                     enterprises.
China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                   29
Annual Report 2018


      Investments in joint ventures and associates
      As at the end of the reporting period, the net investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group were
      RMB8.871 billion, representing an increase of 70.50% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was
      mainly due to an increase in the investments in its joint ventures. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
      of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group was zero. For
      details, please refer to Notes 26 and 27 to the financial statements.
3.3.1.3 Goodwill
      In compliance with the PRC enterprise accounting principles, at the end of 2018, the Group conducted an
      impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB WLB, China Merchants Fund and other
      companies and determined that provision for impairment was not necessary for the current year. As at the end of
      the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment losses on goodwill of RMB579 million
      and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.



3.3.2 Liabilities
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB6,202.124 billion,
      representing an increase of 6.67% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
      to the steady growth in deposits from customers.
      To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.2 Liabilities” were still analysed on the
      statistical calibre excluding interest payable, except for the table “components of the total liabilities of the Group”
      in which interest payable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry of
      Finance.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.


                                                                                       31 December 2018                          31 December 2017
                                                                                                     Percentage of                         Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                    Amount          the total (%)             Amount      the total (%)
      Deposits from customers                                                       4,427,566                    71.39         4,064,345             69.90
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                            470,826                     7.59           439,118              7.55
      Borrowings from the central bank                                                405,314                     6.54           414,838              7.13
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                          203,950                     3.29           272,734              4.69
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                       44,144                     0.71            26,619              0.46
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                 36,570                     0.59            21,857              0.38
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                         78,141                     1.26           125,620              2.16
      Debt securities issued                                                          424,926                     6.85           296,477              5.10
      Others (note)                                                                   110,687                     1.78           152,638              2.63
      Total liabilities                                                             6,202,124                  100.00          5,814,246            100.00

      Note:    Including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, deferred income tax liabilities and other liabilities.
30   China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB4,400.674
           billion, representing an increase of 8.28% as compared with the end of the previous year. Deposits from customers,
           accounting for 70.95% of the total liabilities of the Group, was the major funding source of the Group.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
           and customer type.
                                                                                  31 December 2018             31 December 2017
                                                                                           Percentage of                 Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                           Amount    the total (%)      Amount     the total (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
            Demand                                                          1,815,427                41.25   1,581,802            38.92
            Time                                                            1,022,294                23.23   1,144,021            28.15
              Subtotal                                                      2,837,721                64.48   2,725,823            67.07
           Deposits from retail customers
            Demand                                                          1,059,923                24.09    972,291             23.92
            Time                                                              503,030                11.43    366,231              9.01
              Subtotal                                                      1,562,953                35.52   1,338,522            32.93
           Total deposits from customers                                    4,400,674            100.00      4,064,345         100.00

           As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of demand deposits to total deposits from customers of the
           Group was 65.34%, representing an increase of 2.50 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Among which, the corporate demand deposits accounted for 63.97% of the corporate deposits, representing
           an increase of 5.94 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the retail demand deposits
           accounted for 67.82% of the retail deposits, representing a decrease of 4.82 percentage points as compared with
           the end of the previous year.



     3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
           As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholders’ equity of the Group was RMB543.605 billion, representing
           an increase of 12.46% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among which, retained profits amounted to
           RMB274.361 billion, representing an increase of 13.81% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was
           due to the realisation of net profit and the factor of profit distribution in the year. Investment revaluation reserve
           amounted to RMB5.532 billion, representing an increase of RMB9.344 billion as compared with the end of the
           previous year, which was mainly due to an increase in the valuation of bonds.



     3.4 Analysis of loan quality
           During the reporting period, the Group saw a steady growth in the volume of credit assets, and a continued
           optimisation in asset quality with a decrease in both balance and proportion of non-performing loans. The allowance
           coverage ratio remained solid, and our risk loss endurance capability was further improved. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of non-performing loans of the Group amounted to RMB53.605 billion, representing
           a decrease of RMB3.788 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; the non-performing loan ratio was
           1.36%, down by 0.25 percentage point from the end of the previous year; the non-performing loan allowance
           coverage ratio was 358.18%, representing an increase of 96.07 percentage points as compared with the end of the
           previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.88%, representing an increase of 0.66 percentage point as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank                           III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                       31
Annual Report 2018


3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
      The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                            31 December 2018                          31 December 2017
                                                                                                         Percentage of                                Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                          Amount        the total (%)               Amount           the total (%)
      Normal                                                                           3,820,100                 97.13           3,450,450                   96.79
      Special mention                                                                     59,329                  1.51              57,201                    1.60
      Substandard                                                                         13,526                  0.34              17,100                    0.48
      Doubtful                                                                            25,041                  0.64              21,577                    0.61
      Loss                                                                                15,038                  0.38              18,716                    0.52
      Total loans and advances to customers                                            3,933,034                100.00           3,565,044                  100.00
      Total non-performing loans                                                          53,605                  1.36              57,393                    1.61

      Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans,
      doubtful loans and loss loans. During the reporting period, the 5-tier loan classification system of the Group was
      further optimised, the amount and ratio of non-performing loans both decreased. The proportion of special mention
      loans decreased, accounting for 1.51% of the total loans as at the end of the reporting period, and representing a
      decrease of 0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The proportion of substandard
      loans and loss loans both decreased by 0.14 percentage point, as compared with the end of the previous year.



3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                                    31 December 2018                                            31 December 2017
                                                                                                    Non-                                                         Non-
                                                                 Percentage          Non-     performing                    Percentage             Non-    performing
                                                         Loan         of the   performing      loan ratio          Loan          of the      performing     loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan           (%)(1)      balance       total (%)            loan         (%) (1)
      Corporate loans                                1,773,929        45.10        37,758            2.13     1,663,861          46.67          41,522            2.50
        Working capital loans                          884,660        22.49        25,698            2.90       868,844          24.37          27,300            3.14
        Fixed asset loans                              470,521        11.97         5,067            1.08       397,807          11.16           5,770            1.45
        Trade finance                                  157,093         3.99         2,465            1.57       159,090           4.46           1,516            0.95
        Others(2)                                      261,655         6.65         4,528            1.73       238,120           6.68           6,936            2.91
      Discounted bills(3)                              149,766         3.81             –               –       115,888           3.25               –               –
      Retail loans                                   2,009,339        51.09        15,847            0.79     1,785,295          50.08          15,871            0.89
        Micro-finance loans                            350,534         8.91         4,682            1.34       312,716           8.77           5,549            1.77
        Residential mortgage loans                     928,760        23.62         2,610            0.28       833,410          23.38           2,734            0.33
        Credit card loans                              575,490        14.63         6,392            1.11       491,383          13.78           5,470            1.11
        Others(4)                                      154,555         3.93         2,163            1.40       147,786           4.15           2,118            1.43
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    3,933,034       100.00        53,605            1.36     3,565,044         100.00          57,393            1.61

      Notes:      (1)     Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

                  (2)     Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

                  (3)     The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

                  (4)     The “Others” category consists primarily of general consumption loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration
                          loans, education loans and other personal loans secured by monetary assets.
32   China Merchants Bank                           III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           In 2018, the Group actively expanded its retail credit business. The proportion of retail loans increased; asset quality
           was optimised; the amount and ratio of non-performing loans both decreased. The Group steadily developed the
           businesses of residential mortgage loans for self-occupation housing and micro-finance loans in order to support
           private economy, and steadily granted credit card loans. As a result, the percentage of retail loans at the end of the
           period increased by 1.01 percentage points to 51.09%. As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing
           retail loans amounted to RMB15.847 billion, down by RMB24.00 million as compared with the end of the previous
           year, and the non-performing retail loan ratio was 0.79%, down by 0.10 percentage point as compared with the
           end of the previous year. Among which, the non-performing credit card loan ratio was 1.11%, remaining at the
           same level as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With respect to corporate loans, the Group more vigorously granted medium-to-long term fixed asset loans in 2018.
           As at the end of the reporting period, fixed asset loans accounted for 11.97%, up by 0.81 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing corporate
           loan ratio of the Group was 2.13%, representing a decrease of 0.37 percentage point as compared with the end of
           the previous year. Among them, the amount and ratio of non-performing working capital loans, fixed-asset loans
           and other corporate loans all decreased. Due to the decrease in the scale of trade financing and the non-performing
           loan formation of certain large customers, as at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of
           trade financing was 1.57%, representing an increase of 0.62 percentage point as compared with the end of the
           previous year.


     3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                             31 December 2018                                         31 December 2017
                                                                                                            Non-                                                        Non-
                                                                         Percentage           Non-    performing                  Percentage            Non-      performing
                                                                         of the total   performing     loan ratio          Loan   of the total    performing       loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)   Loan balance            (%)          loan         (%)(1)      balance           (%)           loan            (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                                   1,773,929         45.10         37,758          2.13    1,663,861          46.67         41,522             2.50
             Property development                              316,490           8.05         3,263          1.03      252,031           7.07          3,211             1.27
             Transportation, storage and
                postal services                                287,027          7.30         1,674           0.58     229,935            6.45         2,241              0.97
             Manufacturing                                     282,543          7.18        18,760           6.64     266,200            7.47        17,447              6.55
             Wholesale and retail                              170,489          4.33         6,867           4.03     219,818            6.17         9,101              4.14
             Production and supply of
                electric power, heat,
                gas and water                                  146,662          3.73            827          0.56     128,965            3.62            925             0.72
             Leasing and commercial
                services                                       126,095          3.21           576           0.46     137,212            3.85           196              0.14
             Finance                                           114,137          2.90             3           0.00      93,474            2.62             1              0.00
             Construction                                       90,110          2.29         1,080           1.20      76,741            2.15         1,452              1.89
             Information transmission,
                software and IT service                         70,012          1.78            710          1.01       79,335           2.23         1,391              1.75
             Water conservancy,
                environment and
                public utilities                                55,916          1.42           294           0.53       62,339          1.74            184             0.30
             Mining                                             37,545          0.95         3,019           8.04       43,347          1.22          4,622            10.66
             Others(2)                                          76,903          1.96           685           0.89       74,464          2.08            751             1.01
           Discounted bills                                    149,766          3.81             –              –      115,888          3.25              –                –
           Retail loans                                      2,009,339         51.09        15,847           0.79    1,785,295         50.08         15,871             0.89
           Total loans and advances to
              customers                                      3,933,034        100.00        53,605           1.36    3,565,044        100.00         57,393              1.61

           Notes:      (1)     Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

                       (2)     Consists primarily of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.

                       (3)     In 2018, the Group classified the industries and adjusted the figures at the beginning of the year on the same statistical calibre based
                               on the revised National Standard of the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (GB/T 4754-2017) issued by the General
                               Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the PRC and the Standardisation Administration of the PRC.
China Merchants Bank                           III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                 33
Annual Report 2018


      In 2018, the Group followed the key national strategic plans, continued to support the development of the real
      economy, constantly optimised its asset portfolio and actively invested resources in national pillar industries such
      as emerging technological industries, modern service industries and advanced manufacturing industries. The Group
      formulated the differentiated prevention and control strategy for key areas such as industries from which our loans
      should be reduced and recovered, the real estate industry and local government financing platforms. The Group
      focused on reducing and withdrawing loans granted to customers with high risks such as customers associated with
      overcapacity, high debt level and high leveraging level. The Group also continued to optimise the allocation of credit
      resources portfolio.
      During the reporting period, due to the formation of non-performing loans in certain large-sized enterprises
      with overcapacity, the non-performing loan ratio related to leasing and commercial services, water conservancy,
      environment and public utilities and manufacturing industries increased by 0.32, 0.23 and 0.09 percentage point
      respectively, as compared with the beginning of the year, while there was a decrease in the non-performing loan
      ratio of all other industries as compared with the beginning of the year.


3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                    31 December 2018                                        31 December 2017
                                                                                                  Non-                                                    Non-
                                                                 Percentage          Non-   performing                   Percentage          Non-   performing
                                                         Loan         of the   performing    loan ratio          Loan         of the   performing    loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan       (%)(note)     balance      total (%)         loan       (%)(note)
      Head Office                                     650,128         16.53         6,567           1.01     596,631          16.74        5,637           0.94
      Yangtze River Delta                             793,637         20.18        10,334           1.30     735,044          20.62       10,893           1.48
      Bohai Rim                                       503,588         12.80         8,708           1.73     425,602          11.94        7,266           1.71
      Pearl River Delta and West
        Side of Taiwan Strait                         667,011         16.96         7,009           1.05     598,374          16.78        8,674           1.45
      North-eastern China                             146,198          3.72         5,583           3.82     145,204           4.07        4,260           2.93
      Central China                                   384,094          9.77         5,005           1.30     343,343           9.63        6,394           1.86
      Western China                                   380,675          9.68         7,975           2.09     350,991           9.85       12,012           3.42
      Overseas                                        123,337          3.13           456           0.37     109,508           3.07          203           0.19
      Subsidiaries                                    284,366          7.23         1,968           0.69     260,347           7.30        2,054           0.79
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    3,933,034       100.00        53,605           1.36    3,565,044        100.00       57,393           1.61

      Note:       Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



      Given the differences in economic patterns and customer bases of various regions, the Group implemented
      differentiated risk supervisory management by category for branches and sub-branches in different regions. For the
      risk concentrated regions, the Group selectively raised the credit access standard and dynamically adjusted the credit
      authorisation so as to prevent the occurrence of regional systematic risks. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      percentage of the balance of loans extended to the Bohai Rim by the Group showed a relatively fast increase, while
      the percentages of the balance of loans extended by the Head Office to the Yangtze River Delta, North-eastern
      China, Western China and subsidiaries recorded decreases. The regions where the Company incurred a large volume
      of non-performing loans were Yangtze River Delta, Bohai Rim and Western China, where the non-performing loan
      ratios of the Company decreased by 0.18 percentage point, increased by 0.02 percentage point and decreased
      by 1.33 percentage points, respectively as compared with the end of the previous year. Among which, the
      non-performing loan ratio of the Company in the Bohai Rim increased due to the impact of certain large customers.
34   China Merchants Bank                           III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                         31 December 2018                                           31 December 2017
                                                                                                       Non-                                                          Non-
                                                                      Percentage          Non-   performing                      Percentage            Non-    performing
                                                              Loan         of the   performing    loan ratio            Loan          of the     performing     loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan       (%)(note)       balance       total (%)           loan        (%)(note)
           Credit loans                                   1,320,545        33.57         9,752           0.74      1,089,261          30.55            7,844          0.72
           Guaranteed loans                                 441,212        11.22        20,332           4.61        418,769          11.75           21,416          5.11
           Collateralised loans                           1,653,517        42.04        20,769           1.26      1,550,904          43.50           22,931          1.48
           Pledged loans                                    367,994         9.36         2,752           0.75        390,222          10.95            5,202          1.33
           Discounted bills                                 149,766         3.81             –              –        115,888           3.25                –             –
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                    3,933,034       100.00        53,605           1.36      3,565,044        100.00            57,393          1.61

           Note:       Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



           As at the end of the reporting period, collateralised and pledged loans increased by 4.14% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. Guaranteed loans increased by 5.36% as compared with the end of the previous year, and
           the credit loans increased by 21.23% as compared with the end of the previous year while there was an increase of
           0.02 percentage point in the non-performing ratio of credit loans and decreases in the non-performing ratio of all
           other guaranteed loans as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                                       Loan balance             of net capital
           Top ten                                                                                             as at               (under the
           borrowers                  Industry                                                         31 December                  advanced Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                2018            approach) (%) total loans (%)
           A                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                 24,100                       3.75                 0.61
           B                          Manufacturing                                                               14,650                       2.28                 0.37
           C                          Property development                                                        12,150                       1.89                 0.31
           D                          Production and supply of electric power,                                     8,664                       1.35                 0.22
                                         heat, gas and water
           E                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                  8,649                       1.35                 0.22
           F                          Finance                                                                      8,316                       1.30                 0.21
           G                          Property development                                                         6,873                       1.07                 0.18
           H                          Property development                                                         6,669                       1.04                 0.17
           I                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                  5,993                       0.93                 0.15
           J                          Information transmission, software and IT service                            5,680                       0.89                 0.15
           Total                                                                                                 101,744                   15.85                    2.59

           As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
           RMB24.100 billion, representing 3.75% of the Group’s net capital under the advanced approach. The loan balance
           of the top ten single borrowers totalled RMB101.744 billion, representing 15.85% of the Group’s net capital under
           the advanced approach, 16.65% of the Group’s net capital under the weighted approach, and 2.59% of the Group’s
           total loan balance, respectively.
China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         35
Annual Report 2018


3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                          31 December 2018           31 December 2017
                                                                                     Percentage                 Percentage
                                                                             Loan       of total         Loan      of total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                        balance     loans (%)       balance    loans (%)
      Overdue within 3 months                                               19,731         0.50        16,178        0.46
      Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                    16,447         0.42        16,824        0.47
      Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                     19,130         0.49        26,093        0.73
      Overdue more than 3 years                                              6,695         0.17         2,762        0.08
      Total overdue loans                                                   62,003         1.58        61,857        1.74
      Total loans and advances to customers                              3,933,034       100.00     3,565,044      100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB62.003 billion, up by RMB146
      million from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.58% of its total loans, representing a decrease of
      0.16 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among the overdue loans, collateralised and
      pledged loans accounted for 42.23%; guaranteed loans accounted for 31.40%; credit loans accounted for 26.37%
      (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards).The Group adopted prudent classification criteria for
      overdue loans, and the ratio of its non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 90 days was 1.27.



3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                          31 December 2018           31 December 2017
                                                                                     Percentage                 Percentage
                                                                             Loan       of total         Loan      of total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                        balance     loans (%)       balance    loans (%)
      Restructured loans(note)                                             22,766            0.58     18,009            0.51
        Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
        90 days                                                            16,218            0.41     11,293            0.32

      Note:   Represents the restructured non-performing loans.



      The Group imposed strict and prudent control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.58%, up by 0.07 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
36   China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
           the Group amounted to RMB785 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB188 million, the
           net carrying value amounted to RMB597 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
           RMB1,079 million.



     3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
           The Group adopted the new financial instrument standard to make adequate allowances for credit risk losses by
           using the expected credit loss model and the risk quantification parameters such as the probability of customer
           defaults and the loss ratio of defaults, after taking into consideration the adjustments in macro perspectiveness.
           The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances of the
           Group.

           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                      2018                    2017
           Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                            150,432                 110,032
           Adjustment at the beginning of the period under the new financial
             instrument standard                                                                                                   1,088                     N/A
           Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                               151,520                 110,032
           Charge for the period                                                                                                 136,198                  64,450
           Release for the period                                                                                                (76,946)                 (4,398)
           Transfer into/(out) for the period                                                                                          –                      22
           Unwinding of discount on impaired loans and advances(note)                                                               (307)                   (561)
           Recovery of loans and advances previously written off                                                                   7,453                   5,519
           Write-offs/disposal                                                                                                   (26,197)                (24,283)
           Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                           279                    (349)
           Balance at the end of the period                                                                                      192,000                 150,432

           Note:   Represents the interest income accrued on impaired loans as a result of the increase in their present value due to the passage of time.



           The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB192.000
           billion, representing an increase of RMB41.568 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           non-performing loan allowance coverage ratio was 358.18%, representing an increase of 96.07 percentage points
           as compared with the end of the previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.88%, representing an increase of 0.66
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank               III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                             37
Annual Report 2018



3.5 Analysis of capital adequacy ratio
      As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the advanced approach were 15.68%, 12.62% and 11.78%,
      respectively, representing an increase of 2.62 percentage points, 1.58 percentage points and 1.47 percentage points
      respectively as compared with those under the weighted approach.
      For details of the reasons for the decrease in the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core Tier 1 capital adequacy
      ratio under the advanced approach, please refer to section 3.9.1 headed “Capital management”.
                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                   the end of the current
                                                                                                                                        year as compared
                                                                                    31 December              31 December              with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                         2018                     2017                previous year (%)
      The Group
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the advanced approach(1)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                               482,340                 425,689                              13.31
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                                    516,433                 459,782                              12.32
      Net capital                                                                           641,881                 546,534                              17.45
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into consideration
        the floor requirements during the parallel run period)                           3,530,424               3,291,816                                7.25
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                            3,052,636               2,848,064                                7.18
            Market risk weighted assets                                                     65,906                  57,560                               14.50
            Operational risk weighted assets                                               411,882                 386,192                                6.65
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
        floor requirements during the parallel run period)                               4,092,890               3,530,745                          15.92
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                   11.78%                  12.06%               Decreased by 0.28
                                                                                                                                          percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                         12.62%                  13.02%              Decreased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                          percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                                15.68%                  15.48%               Increased by 0.20
                                                                                                                                          percentage point
      Information on leverage ratio(2)
      Adjusted balance of on- and off-balance sheet assets                               7,812,054               7,309,756                            6.87
      Leverage ratio                                                                        6.61%                   6.29%                Increased by 0.32
                                                                                                                                          percentage point

      Notes:   (1)   The “advanced approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)”
                     issued by the CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the advanced approach, the scope of
                     entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries. The scope of
                     entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and sub-branches
                     of China Merchants Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy ratio included
                     CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing and China Merchants Fund. During the parallel run period when
                     the advanced approach for capital measurement is implemented, a commercial bank shall use the capital floor adjustment coefficients
                     to adjust the amount of its risk-weighted assets multiplying the sum of its minimum capital required and reserve capital required, total
                     amount of capital deductions and the allowances for excessive loan loss which can be included into capital. The capital floor adjustment
                     coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively in the first year, the second year, and the third and subsequent years during the
                     parallel run period. 2018 is the fourth year since the implementation of the parallel run period.
               (2)   Since 2015, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks
                     (Revised)” promulgated by the CBRC on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 6.56%, 6.25% and 6.52% respectively as
                     at the end of the third quarter of 2018, the end of the first half of 2018 and the end of the first quarter of 2018.
38   China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the advanced approach were 15.52%, 12.25% and 11.39%,
           respectively, representing an increase of 2.86 percentage points, 1.70 percentage points and 1.57 percentage points
           respectively as compared with those under the weighted approach.


                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                      the end of the current
                                                                                                                                           year as compared
                                                                                       31 December               31 December             with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       2018                      2017               previous year (%)
           The Company
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the advanced approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                             420,996                 371,416                              13.35
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                  452,449                 402,869                              12.31
           Net capital                                                                         573,466                 483,546                              18.60
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements
             during the parallel run period)                                                3,142,192               2,945,175                                6.69
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                          2,698,166               2,531,510                                6.58
                 Market risk weighted assets                                                   60,272                  51,513                               17.00
                 Operational risk weighted assets                                             383,754                 362,152                                5.96
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
             floor requirements during the parallel run period)                             3,694,893               3,173,532                          16.43
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 11.39%                  11.70%               Decreased by 0.31
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                       12.25%                  12.69%              Decreased by 0.44
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                              15.52%                  15.24%               Increased by 0.28
                                                                                                                                             percentage point

           As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the weighted approach were 13.06%, 11.04% and 10.31%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.40 percentage point, 0.23 percentage point and 0.30 percentage point,
           respectively as compared with those at the end of the previous year.
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                      the end of the current
                                                                                                                                           year as compared
                                                                                       31 December               31 December             with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       2018                      2017               previous year (%)
           The Group
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the weighted approach (note)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                            482,340                 425,689                          13.31
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                 516,433                 459,782                          12.32
           Net capital                                                                        611,025                 538,761                          13.41
           Risk-weighted assets                                                             4,677,967               4,254,180                            9.96
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 10.31%                  10.01%                Increased by 0.30
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                       11.04%                  10.81%               Increased by 0.23
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                              13.06%                  12.66%               Increased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                             percentage point

           Note:    The “weighted approach” refers to the weighted approach for credit risk, the standardised approach for market risk and the basic indicator
                    approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)” issued by the
                    CBRC on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors                                                               39
Annual Report 2018


      As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the weighted approach were 12.66%, 10.55% and 9.82%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.50 percentage point, 0.25 percentage point and 0.32 percentage point,
      respectively as compared with those at the end of the previous year.
                                                                                                              Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                            the end of the current
                                                                                                                 year as compared
                                                                          31 December         31 December      with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               2018                2017        previous year (%)
      The Company
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the weighted approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                  420,996            371,416                   13.35
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                       452,449            402,869                   12.31
      Net capital                                                              542,610            475,774                   14.05
      Risk-weighted assets                                                   4,286,653          3,911,286                     9.60
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                        9.82%              9.50%         Increased by 0.32
                                                                                                                  percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                             10.55%            10.30%         Increased by 0.25
                                                                                                                  percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                    12.66%            12.16%         Increased by 0.50
                                                                                                                  percentage point



      Balance of credit risk exposures
      During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the foundation internal rating-based approach
      (IRB approach) was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail,
      shareholding and others. The balances of various risk exposures are as follows:

      (in millions of RMB)                      Type of risk exposure                             Legal person            Group
      Portion covered                           Financial institution                               1,322,393         1,322,393
        by the IRB approach                     Corporate                                           1,863,316         1,863,316
                                                Retail                                              2,541,554         2,541,554
                                                   Of which: Residential mortgage exposures           967,481           967,481
                                                      Qualified revolving retail                    1,144,335         1,144,335
                                                      Other retail                                    429,738           429,738
      Portion not covered                       On-balance sheet                                    2,062,279         2,489,129
        by the IRB approach                     Off-balance sheet                                      94,872           106,485
                                                Counterparty                                           45,204            46,676



      Measurement of market risk capital
      The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital. Specifically, it uses the internal model
      approach to calculate the general market risk capital of the Company (excluding overseas branches), and uses the
      standardised approach to calculate the general market risk capital of overseas branches and affiliated companies of
      the Company as well as the specific market risk capital of the Company and its affiliated companies. As at the end
      of the reporting period, the market risk capital of the Group was RMB5.272 billion, and market risk-weighted assets
      were RMB65.906 billion. Of which, the general market risk capital calculated under the internal model approach was
      RMB3.805 billion, and the market risk capital calculated under the standardised approach was RMB1.467 billion.
40   China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           The Group’s market risk capital under the internal model approach was calculated using the market risk value
           based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding period of 10 days. The
           following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                                           Distressed risk           General risk
                                                                                                            value during            value during
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                            the reporting           the reporting
           No.                                       Item                                                          period                 period
           1                                         Average value                                                       1,328                253
           2                                         Maximum value                                                       2,038                403
           3                                         Minimum value                                                         668                126
           4                                         Value at the end of the period                                        889                165




     3.6 Results of operating segments
           Business segments
           The principal businesses of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table summarises
           the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                                   2018                                      2017
                                                                              Profit                                    Profit
                                                                          before tax               Net              before tax                 Net
           Items                                                         by business         operating             by business           operating
           (in millions of RMB)                                            segments            income                segments              income
           Retail finance                                                     58,263           125,843                   48,415            108,383
           Wholesale finance                                                  39,914           109,295                   36,784            103,015
           Other businesses                                                    8,320            13,306                    5,481              9,639
           Total                                                             106,497           248,444                   90,680            221,037

           During the reporting period, the percentage of profit from retail finance of the Group increased. Profit before tax
           amounted to RMB58.263 billion, up by 20.34% from the previous year, accounting for 59.34% of the profit before
           tax of the business line; net operating income amounted to RMB125.843 billion, up by 16.11% from the previous
           year, accounting for 50.65% of the net operating income of the Group, representing an increase of 1.62 percentage
           points from the previous year. At the same time, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance business was 35.47%,
           representing a decrease of 0.55 percentage point as compared with the previous year.



           Geographical segments
           The major outlets of the Group are located in the major economic centres of China and some large cities in other
           regions. The following table sets forth the segment results of the Group by geographical location in the periods
           indicated.
                                                                      Total assets             Total liabilities           Total profit before tax
                                                                   31 December 2018          31 December 2018                       2018
                                                                             Percentage                 Percentage                      Percentage
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)           Amount            (%)      Amount            (%)          Amount             (%)
           Head Office                                           3,129,174             46   2,739,929               44        12,017            11
           Yangtze River Delta                                     777,607             12     759,258               12        24,040            23
           Bohai Rim                                               526,143              8     513,813                8        16,383            15
           Pearl River Delta and West Side of
             Taiwan Strait                                         693,830             10    679,961                11        19,279            18
           North-eastern China                                     144,367              2    146,060                 2        (1,320)           (1)
           Central China                                           389,081              6    380,025                 6        11,930            11
           Western China                                           380,152              6    371,913                 6        10,790            10
           Overseas                                                240,080              4    234,741                 4         3,041             3
           Subsidiaries                                            465,295              6    376,424                 7        10,337            10
           Total                                                 6,745,729            100   6,202,124              100       106,497           100
China Merchants Bank                  III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                 41
Annual Report 2018


                                                              Total assets             Total liabilities       Total profit before tax
                                                           31 December 2017          31 December 2017                   2017
                                                                      Percentage                 Percentage                  Percentage
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)         Amount            (%)     Amount              (%)    Amount               (%)
      Head Office                                       2,908,217             46   2,557,785             44     15,387               17
      Yangtze River Delta                                 761,970             12     745,677             13     19,659               22
      Bohai Rim                                           492,441              8     484,410              8     12,080               13
      Pearl River Delta and West Side of
        Taiwan Strait                                     645,313             10    632,515              11     15,998               18
      North-eastern China                                 151,548              2    150,447               3      1,555                2
      Central China                                       358,334              6    352,226               6      8,108                9
      Western China                                       360,547              6    355,602               6      6,745                7
      Overseas                                            199,836              3    196,693               3      2,071                2
      Subsidiaries                                        419,432              7    338,891               6      9,077               10
      Total                                             6,297,638            100   5,814,246           100      90,680             100



3.7 Other financial disclosures under the regulatory requirements
3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
      financial position and operating results and the related information
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent
      liabilities. Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, operating leasing commitments,
      capital expenditure commitments, securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments,
      pending litigations and disputes and other contingent liabilities. Among which, the credit commitment is the
      primary component. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was
      RMB1,556.484 billion. For details of the contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 59 to the
      financial statements.


3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.


The following content and data starting from Section 3.8 are analysed from the
perspective of the Company.

3.8 Implementation of business development strategies
      Continuous implementation of strategic transformation
      In 2018, despite the complicated internal and external situations, the Company maintained its strategic
      concentration, further promoted the strategic transformation of “Light-operation Bank” and “One Body with Two
      Wings”, determinedly used Fintech as the “nuclear power”, and endeavored to develop itself into the bank that
      offers the best customer experience.
      The “Light-operation Bank” strategy was implemented with remarkable results. Under the backdrop of stricter
      financial regulation, the general decline in income from the intermediary business and the concentrated investment
      of newly added assets in the on-balance sheet items, the Company unremittingly promoted the “Light-operation
      Bank” strategy, and the compound growth rate of the net profit of the Company was 4.69 percentage points higher
      than growth rate of risk-weighted assets under the weighted approach in the past two years. Leveraging on the
      application of Fintech, the Company will further promote the “Light-operation Bank” strategy, make the “Light
      Assets” even lighter, realise the operating model of “Light Management” and “Light Operation”, and create a “Light
      Culture” environment with more Internet elements.
      The “One Body with Two Wings” strategy was implemented on solid foundation. In 2018, the customer base
      of the Company expanded at a faster pace and its business foundation was further reinforced. For the customers of
      retail finance, known as the “One Body”, the cumulative numbers of users of our two major APPs, namely “CMB APP”
      and “CMB Life APP”, reached 148 million, and the total number of our retail customers reached 125 million, bringing
      the total number of customers to a new level. Among them, the number of new users of the“Sunflower and Gold
      Card Holder Customer Group” exceeded 1 million for the first time, making a record high. Diamond-class customer
      group and its AUM (assets under management) maintained a steady growth; credit card transaction amount reached
      RMB3.79 trillion. The Company ranked first in terms of private banking and credit card business, the advantage
      over its peers continued to expand. The business foundation of the “Two Wings” was further solidified. The total
      number of corporate customers exceeded 1.8 million. The number of newly acquired corporate depositors in the year
      exceeded 400,000 which contributed daily average deposits of RMB161.482 billion. Daily average balance of RMB
      deposits from institutional customers increased by RMB71.562 billion as compared with the previous year, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 10.22%, therefore becoming the primary stable source of low-cost liabilities. With its
      outstanding achievement of ranking first in both selections, the institutional business of the Company won the bid
      for the two qualifications of the direct payment agency bank of the central government and the authorised payment
      agency bank of the central government. The market share of full-process financial services for local governments’
      special bonds accounted for more than 50%. The balance of wealth management products and asset custody business
      remained stable, both ranking second in the industry. Meanwhile, financial markets, bills, bond underwriting and other
      businesses of the Company continued to enjoy a leading position in the industry.
42   China Merchants Bank            III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Obvious achievements have been made in the construction of “Digital Bank”.
           The Company continued to increase its technology development expenses. During the reporting period, the
           information technology expenses amounted to RMB6.502 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.17%,
           the proportion of information technology expenses to the Company’s net operating income of the year was 2.78%,
           up by 0.46 percentage point as compared with the previous year. The number of Fintech project applications totalled
           931, of which 304 projects have been launched and put in use, and obvious achievements have been made in the
           construction of “Digital Bank”.
           1.      The increase in retail MAU accelerated, and digital transformation entered into a new era. During
                   the reporting period, the number of monthly active users (MAU) of our two major APPs, namely “CMB
                   APP” and “CMB Life APP”, reached 81,046,700, representing an increase of 47.24%5 as compared with the
                   end of the previous year. These two major APPs had 27.11% and 44.21% of the traffic from non-financial
                   services, respectively. The special areas in cities with branch operation had enthusiastic atmosphere, and
                   41 branches and 335 outlets have established online stores. The scenario expansion focused on vertical
                   segments such as travel, meal ticket and movie ticket, mall, school and medical treatment, covering urban
                   public transportation, subways, parking lots and other scenarios. The construction of the digital platform
                   was gradually deepened. The two major APPs became the main platforms for customer operations. The
                   percentage of debit card customers acquired through online channels reached 17.89%, while the percentage
                   of credit card customers acquired through data reached 61.21%. In order to optimise internal organisational
                   structure and improve service quality and efficiency, the Company has established a network operation
                   service center at the Head Office to carry out customer digital operation. As at the end of the reporting
                   period, the network operation service center directly operated 3.86 million online retail customers, with the
                   AUM of the directly-operated customers increasing by 17.84% year on year, which is 7.49 percentage points
                   higher than the growth rate of the AUM of the total retail customers. By generating 1,726 user portraits for
                   retail customers, the Company increased the number of applications by marketed customers by 6.56 times,
                   the successful marketing ratio reached 17.42%, and the personalised recommendation of “customised for
                   different people” was initially commenced.
           2.      The application of Fintech was accelerated in wholesale finance, and the ecological perspective of
                   customer operations was actively explored. With the forward-looking layout of the industry Internet, the
                   Company explored industrial Internet in advance to carry out supply chain innovation and pilot application.
                   The Company participated in the construction of the trade finance Blockchain platform of Guangdong-Hong
                   Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area led by the central bank, and launched the first interbank multi-level accounts
                   receivable transfer financing business. Being the only cooperation bank for the industrial Internet Phase I
                   project of leading enterprises in petrochemical industry, the Company provided a comprehensive “Cloud Bill
                   (雲賬單)” B2B account solution for its e-commerce platform. Working closely with leading enterprises in the
                   construction industry, the Company has built a blockchain-based industrial Internet cooperation platform,
                   focusing on the centralised procurement supply chain finance service for the member companies of a group.
                   The corporate customer "aggregated collection" business was innovated, while the industrial scenarios
                   were expanded in various fields such as highway, medical treatment, education and automobile. There was
                   an increase of 28,300 corporate merchants with an annual transaction amount of RMB39.903 billion. The
                   construction of a digital business platform was promoted, while CMB Enterprise APP was launched. In less
                   than half a year, the number of customers and monthly active customers of CMB Enterprise APP reached
                   533,900 and 205,500, respectively; and the number of online corporate banking customers and monthly
                   active customers reached 1,688,900 and 823,400, respectively, with the trend of digital service system for
                   corporate customers becoming more significant. During the reporting period, the online bills discounted
                   business amounted to RMB205.88 billion; the number of customers of online bills discounted business
                   reached 9,110, of which small and medium-sized enterprises accounted for 88.44%, and the digitalised
                   inclusive finance services capability continued to improve. The number of visits by the account manager
                   to the mobile corporate customer relationship management system increased to 1.53 million times in a
                   single month, representing an increase of 53% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the
                   management efficiency and service capabilities for corporate customers increased significantly.
           3.      Fintech has promoted the improvement of risk management. Retail finance monitored more than 4,000
                   variables through multiple dimensions such as customer equipment, environment, and counterparty, achieving
                   millisecond-level risk decision-making and billion-level data computing capabilities to prevent fraud risks.
                   During the reporting period, approximately 2 billion retail financial transactions were covered. Wholesale
                   finance built a risk big data platform, integrated 15 types of external data and customer transaction data
                   of the Company within 3 years, and the Company has established a customer relationship map and an
                   intelligent pre-warning system. Among them, the intelligent pre-warning system for corporate customers
                   has been launched for 9 months, and the accuracy of pre-warning identification of risk-associated corporate
                   customers was 73.05%. The online bond approval process was continuously optimised, 80% of the bond
                   credit rating model of the Company was processed automatically online, and the timeliness of the approval
                   process was 30% higher than the offline process.

     5
           Since 2018, the statistical standards of the monthly active users of CMB APP of the Company have been changed from the number of users login the
           APP to the number of users open the APP, and the data for the previous year has been adjusted accordingly.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                  43
Annual Report 2018


      4.     We enjoy an industry-leading capability in basic technologies. The Company preliminarily established a
             hybrid cloud-based infrastructure to accelerate the construction of cloud computing and a distributed trading
             platform, so that the total number of X86 servers installed was 2.71 times of that at the end of the previous
             year. One-third of the applications have been uploaded to cloud, and the process capacity of the distributed
             platform reached 32,000 per second, ranking top in the industry. Total capacity of data pool continued
             to expand. Data imported into the pool increased by 53.91% from the previous year. The Company has
             established a big data processing platform, strove to integrate all types of data and, by taking the customer-
             centric approach, integrated customer data through a nine-dimensional assessment to create 17,000 data
             items and establish the uniform customer profile on an ongoing basis. As a result, the Company has not only
             realised data intercommunication between credit cards and debit cards, but also connected the corporate
             customers and retail customers across different business lines. The Company has realised the integration
             and innovation of technology and businesses through agile development in 53 business areas, and the demand
             response speed has been greatly improved.
      There was steady progress in the development of the Company into the bank that offers the best customer
      experience. The two major retail APPs have established a quantifiable user experience monitoring system and a
      rigorous feedback mechanism. A dedicated user experience team and a corporate Fintech experience center have
      been established for the wholesale business line. The new outlets 3.0 was debuted to present new digital experience
      for customers.

3.9 Changes in external environment and corresponding measures
3.9.1 Impacts of changes in operating environment and key business concerns
1.    Net interest margin
      In 2018, the Company’s net interest margin was 2.64%, up by 14 basis points year-on-year, mainly due to the
      impact of monetary policies and the adjustment of its business strategy, including 1) the central bank lowered the
      deposit reserve ratio 4 times in 2018, resulting in a gradual decline in the proportion of the Company’s deposits in
      the central bank to its interest-earning assets and an increase in the proportion of its proprietary loans and other
      assets with higher yield accordingly; 2) the Company continued to optimise its asset-liability structure. On the
      asset side, the Company prioritised its support to the investments in high-yield assets, and on the liability side, the
      Company actively promoted the growth of proprietary deposits, and replaced its high-cost liabilities at the right time
      which is in sync with market interest rate changes on the premise of liquidity safety; 3) the Company continued to
      improve its risk pricing capability.
      In 2019, the economic operation will remain under pressure, and the effective financing demand, especially that
      of enterprises, will generally remain weak. At the same time, the central bank will maintain market liquidity at a
      reasonably adequate level, and the market interest rates will still have room to drop further. Commercial banks will
      still face some pressure to effectively increase its interest-earning assets and stabilise its yields, and the risk-free
      margins of enterprises and residents will remain high, resulting in further increase in deposit costs. Therefore, the net
      interest margin of the Company will also face some narrowing pressure. The Company will persistently adhere to the
      “Light-operation Bank” strategy, make pre-judgments over the situation and policies, strengthen the predictability
      and flexibility in assets and liabilities management, further optimise the asset and liability structure and improve the
      risk-pricing management capabilities, striving to maintain its net interest margin at an optimal level.
2.    Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Company realised net non-interest income of RMB77.936 billion, up by 17.82%
      year-on-year, which accounted for 33.33% of the Company’s net operating income, up by 1.40 percentage points
      year-on-year. The increase in net non-interest income was mainly due to: firstly, the impact of implementing the new
      financial instrument standard; secondly, benefiting from the growth in wealth of residents, the income from wealth
      management businesses such as agency funds and agency trust schemes increased gradually; thirdly, in line with
      the development trend of consumer finance, income from credit card business achieved steady growth; fourthly, the
      increase in bond valuations and exchange gains and losses driven by market yields and exchange rate fluctuations.
      During the reporting period, confronting the tightened regulatory policies, transformation of asset management,
      and the returning of wealth management to the fundamentals of businesses, the Company proactively seized the
      opportunities in the capital market at the beginning of the year and leveraged on the channel advantages to achieve
      recovery in the growth of agency funds. Meanwhile, driven by the increase of commission income of credit cards
      and instalment income from merchants, the Company recorded fee and commission income of RMB67.53 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 4.86%. For key projects, the Company’s fee and commission income from
      wealth management amounted to RMB25.147 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.67% (of which:
      income from entrusted wealth management services amounted to RMB7.642 billion, down by 37.50% year-on-year.
      Income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB6.668 billion, up by 32.20% year-on-year, which was
      mainly due to the recovery in the demand for agency distribution of funds, and the sales of funds recording a
      substantial year-on-year increase during the reporting period thanks to the Company’s advantages in customer
      groups, channels and services. Income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB5.988 billion,
      up by 66.10% year-on-year. Income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB4.746 billion,
      down by 6.59% year-on-year, mainly due to the impact of insurance regulatory policies and the significant shrinkage
      of major single premium products sold in the bancassurance market. Income from agency distribution of precious
      metals amounted to RMB103 million); income from bank card fees amounted to RMB16.624 billion, up by 19.48%
      year-on-year; income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB10.241 billion, up by 11.56% year-on-year
      calculated on the same statistical calibre; custodian fee income amounted to RMB4.439 billion, down by 8.57%
      year-on-year. Please refer to section 3.2.6 for an analysis of the changes in the Group’s net non-interest income.
44   China Merchants Bank         III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           In 2019, affected by various factors such as the continuing deceleration of the macro economy, the complicated
           and volatile international situation and the transformation of asset management, the growth of net non-interest
           income of the Company will face greater pressure. The Company will firmly adhere to the “Light-operation Bank”
           strategy, return to the origin of customer service, reinforce the basic management of the intermediary business, and
           actively explore potential customers and businesses to increase income, so as to promote the growth of non-interest
           business. Specific measures to be implemented include: firstly, the Company will consolidate its advantages in retail
           business, by adhering to the customer-centric concept and the mission of value creation for customers, the Company
           will enhance its investment management capabilities, and establish an intelligent product and service system with
           the concept of asset allocation, so as to promote the sustainable growth of wealth management business. By further
           promoting retail digital transformation, focusing on key areas, and strengthening scenario expansion, the Company
           will promote the rapid growth of MAU, strengthen its own customer acquisition capacity, and tamp solid foundation
           for the growth of retail non-interest income business. Secondly, the Company will improve the customer service
           system, achieve in-depth customer base operations through comprehensive financial services, and optimise the
           business structure. Starting from the basic settlement, the Company will realise the recovery in the growth of trade
           finance; and by seizing the market opportunities of the bill business and grasping the structural opportunities of
           the custody business, the Company will realise the steady growth of non-interest income from wholesale business.
           Thirdly, the Company will adhere to the compliance bottom line, strengthen its internal control and compliance
           management, regulate fee collections, and promote the Company’s non-interest business to further return to its
           origin and standardise its operation.
     3.    Proprietary deposits
           Since 2018, on the one hand, with the gradual slowdown in the general demand, the pressure on economic
           fundamentals has gradually emerged, and the growth rate of effective financing demand of enterprises and
           residents has declined. On the other hand, the financial deleveraging effect since 2017 still exists, and the deposit
           derivation channels of financial institutions have also showed a certain degree of contraction. Under the influence
           of the above factors, the growth rate of deposits of financial institutions was generally slower than that of loans,
           and the loan-to-deposit ratio showed an overall upward trend. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
           total loans and advances increased by 10.45% as compared with the end of the previous year, the deposits from
           customers increased by 8.26%, and the domestic time-point loan-to-deposit ratio was up by 1.3 percentage points
           as compared with the previous year. At the same time, however, the Company seized the opportunity of loosening
           market liquidity from the second quarter of 2018 to replace some high-cost liabilities with the active liabilities with
           relatively lower costs which, while supporting the growth of loans, also maintained the stable operation of liabilities,
           effectively relieving the upward pressure on the liability costs.
           In 2019, the macroeconomy will continue to face the downward pressure, the growth of deposits in the financial
           system is expected not to be optimistic, and the competition for deposits will remain fierce. In addition, with an
           improvement in residents’ investment awareness, the deposit costs will increase rigidly. Therefore, the increase in the
           proprietary deposits of the Company will also face some challenges. The Company will further improve the quality of
           liabilities in light of the macro operating environment. Firstly, the Company will actively promote the steady growth
           in general low-cost deposits, improve customers’ cohesion through product innovation, and maintain a better deposit
           structure to keep deposit costs at a reasonable level. Secondly, the Company will constantly enrich the sources of
           liabilities and, while maintaining the steady growth of proprietary deposits, will flexibly make arrangements for
           active liabilities such as interbank certificates of deposits, so as to keep a “balance between quantity and price” of
           liabilities.
     4.    Investment of corporate loans
           Since the second half of 2018, due to factors such as the downturn in general macroeconomic trend, the growth
           rate of corporate loans of the Company has slowed down. In 2019, the effective financing demand of enterprises
           will remain at low level, and the source of quality assets is expected to further decrease. At the same time, the
           monetary policy will continue to keep market liquidity at a reasonably sufficient level, and the overall market interest
           rate will remain at a low level. The effect of replacing corporate loans with corporate direct financing will also be
           more significant. It is expected that the growth rate of corporate loans of the Company will be slightly slower than
           that in 2018. In order to overcome the above challenges, the Company will further strengthen asset allocation and
           optimise asset structure. Firstly, the Company will set the reasonable growth rate of loans in light of the judgement
           over macro situation. It is expected that the overall loan growth will generally remain at the same level as in 2018.
           Meanwhile, by adhering to the strategic direction of “Light-operation Bank”, the Company will constantly optimise
           the allocation of its asset portfolio, and moderately increase investment in retail credit resources. Secondly, the
           Company will strengthen the dynamic and flexible credit management mechanism, flexibly set the pace of credit
           supply based on its forward-looking judgments and the changes in situation, adjust the credit asset structure in
           a timely manner, and promote the steady growth of credit assets throughout the whole year. Thirdly, by focusing
           on the improvement of professional capabilities, enhancing industrial research capabilities, and strengthening
           specialised operation for different industries, the Company will seize the structural opportunities of shifting from old
           to new growth engines, and improve its comprehensive service capabilities towards customers, so as to make further
           breakthroughs in in-depth customer operations.
China Merchants Bank       III Report of the Board of Directors                                                              45
Annual Report 2018


5.    New policies on asset management business and countermeasures
      During the reporting period, the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”), the CBIRC, the CSRC and the State
      Administration of Foreign Exchange issued the Guidance on Regulating the Asset Management Business of Financial
      Institutions (關於規範金融機構資產管理業務的指導意見) (hereinafter referred to as the “New Regulation on Asset
      Management”). Subsequently, the CBIRC issued the Administrative Measures for Wealth Management Business of
      Commercial Banks (商業銀行理財業務監督管理辦法) (hereinafter referred to as the “New Regulation on Wealth
      Management”) and the Administrative Measures for Wealth Management Subsidiaries of Commercial Banks (商
      業銀行理財子公司管理辦法) (hereinafter referred to as the “Administrative Measures for Wealth Management
      Subsidiaries”).
      The Company highly recognises and firmly supports the New Regulation on Asset Management, the New Regulation
      on Wealth Management and the Administrative Measures for Wealth Management Subsidiaries. The Company
      believed that the duly implementation of the New Regulation on Asset Management will, on one hand, regulate
      the development of asset management business, and systematically address the issues in asset management industry
      accumulated during the process of rapid development. The New Regulation on Asset Management will play an
      important role in fostering the asset management business of banks to return to their business origin, mitigating
      the risk of the asset management business of banks, and contributing to the real economy in a better way, and
      will become a milestone for the standardised development of the asset management business across the industry.
      On the other hand, the asset management business of banks will gradually reduce the scale of non-qualified
      wealth management products during the transition period for implementation of the New Regulation on Asset
      Management, and cease to invest in non-qualified assets. Meanwhile, it also needs some time for customers
      to accept net-value products, which will pose great challenges to the transformation, development and income
      growth of the asset management business of various banks in the short term. The New Regulation on Wealth
      Management, as the supporting implementation rules for the New Regulation on Asset Management, has the same
      general requirements as the New Regulation on Asset Management, but appears more stringent in terms of the
      investment target of public funds, sales management, investment negative lists, non-standard credit investments,
      product grading and management of cooperative institutions. Meanwhile, it set forth the requirements on more
      stringent standards, richer contents and more specific operation in the aspects of centralised registration, related
      party transactions, staff management, sales management, stress test, custody of wealth management products,
      information disclosure, as well as supervision and management. Generally, the impact of the New Regulation on
      Wealth Management on the Company’s wealth management business is expected to be limited. The main reasons
      are as follows: on the one hand, following the implementation of the New Regulation on Asset Management,
      the Company has been closely following its requirements and putting in place various countermeasures. Through
      continuous communication with the regulatory authorities, the Company has already obtained adequate knowledge
      of the main information of the New Regulation on Wealth Management. On the other hand, the arrangements for
      the transition period for implementation of the New Regulation on Wealth Management are in line with those for
      the New Regulation on Asset Management, and the Company may cease to apply the New Regulation on Wealth
      Management after the establishment of its wealth management subsidiaries, which also objectively helps to reduce
      or eliminate the impact of the New Regulation on Wealth Management on the business of the Company. The
      Administrative Measures for Wealth Management Subsidiaries is a supporting system of the New Regulation
      on Wealth Management, which is of great significance to put into practice the application for the establishment
      of the wealth management subsidiaries of banks. During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors of the
      Company has reviewed and approved the proposal to establish its asset management subsidiary. With reference
      to the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Wealth Management Subsidiaries and the “Guidelines
      on Implementation of Administrative Approvals for Non-Bank Financial Institutions”, the Company has formally
      submitted to the CBIRC a complete set of materials for the establishment of its wealth management subsidiaries,
      and is awaiting its approval. Meanwhile, the Company is also promoting various transformation works internally to
      ensure a smooth transition to the wealth management subsidiary.
      For further details of the Company’s asset management business, please refer to section 3.10.2 “Asset Management
      Business”.
46   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     6.    The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company was 1.41%, representing a
           decrease of 0.26 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, while the proportion of special
           mention loans in total loans was 1.56%, down by 0.10 percentage point from the end of the previous year; the
           proportion of overdue loans in total loans was 1.65%, down by 0.12 percentage point from the end of the previous
           year. The loan allowance ratio was 5.14%, up by 0.70 percentage point from the end of the previous year. The
           allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans was 363.21%, representing an increase of 98.17 percentage
           points as compared with the end of the previous year. The credit cost ratio was 1.68%, representing a decrease of
           0.20 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The risk exposure was generally controllable.
           During the reporting period, both the ratio and amount of non-performing loan formation of the Company
           decreased. In general, the new formation of non-performing loans in 2018 amounted to RMB35.278 billion,
           representing a decrease of RMB1.259 billion or 3.45% as compared with the previous year, and the non-performing
           loan formation ratio was 1.01%, representing a decrease of 0.15 percentage point as compared with the previous
           year. Analysing by business segment, the amount and ratio of non-performing loan formation decreased in both
           corporate and retail loan businesses (excluding credit cards); analysing by geographic area, the amount and ratio of
           non-performing loan formation in the Yangtze River Delta, Western China and Central China continued to decline,
           while the non-performing loan formation in Northeastern Region increased; analysing by industry, both the amount
           and ratio of non-performing loan formation in the manufacturing, wholesale and retail industries declined as
           compared with the previous year; analysing by customer base, both the amount and ratio of non-performing loan
           formation in small and medium-sized enterprises also declined as compared with the previous year; the amount of
           non-performing loan formation in large-sized enterprises increased despite of a decrease in its non-performing loan
           formation ratio.
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen the disposal of non-performing loans, and used
           a number of methods to manage risk assets. In 2018, the Company disposed of non-performing loans amounting to
           RMB39.064 billion, of which RMB20.202 billion was written off in a normal way, RMB11.072 billion was cleared and
           settled, RMB4.334 billion was securitised as non-performing assets, RMB1.349 billion was transferred at discount,
           and RMB2.107 billion was disposed of by restructuring, upward migration, repossession, remission and other means.
           In 2018, the Company relied on its efficient and sophisticated operating mechanism of asset securitisation to
           continue to accelerate the process of securitisation of the non-performing assets. During the reporting period, the
           Company launched three securitisation projects, for which non-performing assets with principal value in aggregate
           of RMB4.334 billion were disposed of, and the nominal value of securities issued amounted to RMB740 million. The
           Company holds 5% of each tranche of such securities in accordance with regulatory requirements. The remaining
           securities were subscribed for by investors in the open market. The securitisation of the non-performing assets of
           the Company concluded with a number of achievements, i.e. establishment of a market-based issuing and pricing
           mechanism, realisation of real sale and bankruptcy ringfencing of the assets, transmission from asset holding to
           asset services, optimisation of the assets and liabilities structure, and improvement on asset liquidity and revenue
           structure.
           In addition, since the reactivation of the pilot project of debt-to-equity conversion in 2016, in accordance with
           the State Council’s “Guidelines for Marketisation of Debt-to-equity Conversion of Banks”, the Company carefully
           selected qualified debt-to-equity conversion subjects, reasonably formulated debt-to-equity conversion plans, and
           actively and steadily promoted the implementation of the debt-to-equity conversion projects.
           In 2019, there are still many uncertainties in the macro environment at home and abroad. The reduction and
           recovery of loans granted to the existing customers with high risks become increasingly difficult, and the downturn
           of asset prices has made the disposal of non-performing assets more difficult, therefore the asset quality control
           of the Company will face greater challenges. The Company will continue to promote the optimisation of industry
           and customer base structure, formulate more accurate credit access standards, apply Fintech to improve the risk
           pre-warning system, accelerate the disposal of risk assets through multi-channels, and strive to stabilise asset quality.
China Merchants Bank               III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                               47
Annual Report 2018


7.    Asset quality in key areas
      In response to changes in external macroeconomic environment, the Company proactively strengthened the control
      of its risks associated with real estate industry, local government financing platforms, the industries from which our
      loans should be reduced and recovered and other key areas.
      In respect of real estate credit business, by adhering to the basic principles of “controlling total amount, focusing
      on customers, focusing on regions, adjusting structure, and implementing strict management”, the Company
      actively responded to national policies and dynamically adjusted its internal credit policy to allocate and invest its
      assets in the industrial development direction of house leasing, real estate asset securitisation and real estate equity
      investment according to the real estate control policies and the development status of the industry. The Company
      strengthened quota management of real estate industry, continuously optimised the classification management by
      cities and customers, and focused on the economically vibrant cities and strategic customers of the Head Office
      and branches. The Company strictly controlled the proportion of financing in the cities with constant record of
      high property price and high property inventory, strictly controlled the financing for the development of commercial
      properties, real estate projects with high leverage and high financing cost, strictly implemented the closed
      management requirements for real estate loans, and continuously optimised the asset structure. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the risk exposure of our businesses with domestic real estate enterprises (calculated on the broad
      statistical calibre)6 amounted to RMB484.547 billion (including businesses such as actual and contingent credit,
      bond investments, proprietary trading and investment of wealth management products in non-standard assets),
      representing an increase of RMB38.080 billion as compared with the beginning of the year. Included therein was
      the balance of loans to domestic real estate enterprises which amounted to RMB245.121 billion, representing an
      increase of RMB60.565 billion as compared with the beginning of the year, and were mainly granted to the quality
      strategic customers while putting a strict curb on the grant of any incremental loans to those customers not in the
      strategic customer list. Balance of such loans accounted for 6.71% of the total loans and advances granted by the
      Company, up by 1.13 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the assets in the domestic real estate enterprises were of better quality with a non-performing loan ratio of
      1.09%, down by 0.43 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. In 2019, it is expected that the
      risks associated with real estate industry are mainly concentrated in third- and fourth-tier cities with slow destocking,
      as well as some small and medium-sized real estate enterprises with high leverage. The Company has timely adjusted
      the credit management and control policies. It is expected that without significant changes in macro environment
      and industrial policies, the asset quality of the Company in the real estate sector will remain relatively stable.
      In respect of local government financing platform business, the Company followed the State’s policy requirements
      to standardise local government debts management, effectively strengthened the control and management of
      compliance risks and credit risks, followed the requirements of internal and external policies and systems, conducted
      related businesses in a legal and compliant manner. Through further strengthening quota management on full
      statistical calibres, the Company prioritised the allocation of its credit resources to local government financing
      platforms being operated under the market-based and commercial principles, with good cash flow and complying
      with relevant national policies, and strengthened post-lending management and monitoring. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the risk exposure of our businesses with local government financing platforms (calculated on the
      broad statistical calibre)7 amounted to RMB280.985 billion (including businesses such as actual and contingent
      credit, bond investments, proprietary investments and fund investments of wealth management products),
      representing a decrease of RMB5.412 billion as compared with the beginning of the year. Included therein was the
      balance of loans on balance sheet which amounted to RMB102.386 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.651
      billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounted for 2.80% of the total loans and advances
      granted by the Company, down by 0.19 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. There was
      no non-performing asset for our businesses involving local government financing platforms. Against the backdrop
      that the national fiscal and financial policies remains stable, it is expected that the quality of the Company’s assets
      granted to local government financing platforms will remain stable in 2019.




6
      In 2018, the Company implemented the newly revised National Economic Industry Classification (GB/T 4754-2017) standard issued by the General
      Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and the National Standards Committee to classify the industries and adjust the figures
      at the beginning of the year with the same statistical calibre. The broad statistical calibre of risk associated businesses has been changed, and the figures
      at the beginning of the year has been adjusted with the same calibre.
7
      The broad statistical calibre of risk associated businesses has been changed, and the figures at the beginning of the year has been adjusted with the
      same calibre.
48   China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           For the 16 industries 8 that we have reduced or withdrawn from such as coal, iron and steel, shipbuilding,
           photovoltaic and coal chemicals, the Company implemented the strategy of customer classification management,
           raised its entry threshold for customers, focused on supporting leading enterprises in industries and regional quality
           enterprises with core competitive advantages in the industry, prioritised the green credit financing needs related to
           energy conservation and emission reduction and technological upgrading of enterprises, devoted to reducing and
           withdrawing from customers associated with significant risks and low-end overcapacity, especially for customers in
           the process of reducing production capacity, deleveraging, and those meeting the “zombie enterprise” standards. In
           addition, the Company implemented stringent financing quota management and control requirements for industries,
           and actively optimised and adjusted the asset structure and customer structure through total amount control,
           elimination of the inferior and selection of the superior. As at the end of the reporting period, the financial exposure
           of the industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from (calculated on the full statistical calibre) amounted to
           RMB130.004 billion, representing a decrease of RMB21.740 billion as compared with the beginning of the year.
           Among them, the exposure of nonferrous metal smelting and calendaring and glass increased slightly as compared
           with the beginning of the year, and the exposure of other industries were reduced. The non-performing loan ratio
           was 9.55%, down by 0.54 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The non-performing loan
           ratio of 7 industries, namely iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical, engineering machinery, nonferrous metal
           smelting and calendaring, shipbuilding and metal ore mining increased as compared with the beginning of the
           year, the non-performing ratio of other industries decreased as compared with the beginning of the year mainly
           due to the exposure of risk associated with certain large customers and decline in business balances. Thanks to
           the continuous risk control over the past few years, there saw a significant decline in the financial exposure of the
           industries that the Company has reduced or withdrawn from. It is expected that the risks in those areas will be
           generally controllable in 2019.
     8.    Capital management
           The Company continued to optimise its business structure and enhance capital management. During the reporting
           period, the Company satisfied the minimum capital requirements, the reserve capital requirements and the
           counter-cyclical capital requirements of the CBIRC. The capital buffer was sufficient.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of the Company’s risk-weighted assets under the weighted
           approach to total assets was 67.53%; the percentage of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration
           the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the advanced approach to total assets was 58.21%,
           lowered by 9.32 percentage points as compared to that under the weighted approach, indicating an effective
           saving in capital. The risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC) before tax under the advanced approach was 27.56%,
           significantly higher than the cost of capital.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of risk-weighted assets (without taking into consideration
           the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the advanced approach of the Company was only
           6.69%, lower than the growth rate of risk-weighted assets under the weighted approach of 9.60%, which was
           mainly attributable to the Company’s continuous promotion of the strategy of “Light Capital”, resulting in further
           optimisation in the business structure. The growth rate of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the
           floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the advanced approach was 16.43%, significantly higher
           than the growth rate of the risk-weighted assets under the weighted approach, which was mainly due to the
           impact of regulatory measurement rules requiring more risk-weighted assets to be added back under the advanced
           approach. According to the regulatory minimum capital calculation rules, the risk-weighted assets added back from
           the minimum capital under the advanced approach are positively related to their over-allowances. As the Company
           has adhered to a more prudent and sound risk management strategy, the allowances in 2018 were more adequate
           and the over-allowances calculated into the Tier 2 capital under the advanced approach increased correspondingly.
           Therefore, the risk-weighted assets added back from the minimum capital increased by RMB324.3 billion as
           compared with the previous year, thereby accelerating the growth in the risk-weighted assets under the advanced
           approach (taking into consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run period). As at the end of the
           reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the advanced approach increased as compared
           with the end of the previous year while the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
           declined as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to an increase in the over-allowances which may
           be included into the Tier 2 capital. The growth rate of net capital was higher than the growth rate of risk-weighted
           assets (having taken into consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run period) while the increases
           in net Tier 1 capital and net core Tier 1 capital compared with the end of the previous year were lower than the
           growth rate of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run
           period).
           The Company adhered to the development strategies of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, and
           constantly promoted the innovation and development of assets securitisation business to provide extra capacity for
           capital saving. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company totally issued 32 phases of credit asset-backed
           securities, with the aggregate issuance volume of RMB179.206 billion, leading in the industry in terms of types of
           assets and market share.

     8
           The 16 industries refer to coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical, commonly used metal ore mining, nonferrous metal
           smelting and calendaring, shipbuilding, glass, water transport, textile and chemical fiber, photovoltaic, fertiliser, engineering machinery and machine
           tool.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                               49
Annual Report 2018


      In 2018, by considering a series of factors such as macroeconomic trends, the capital planning objectives of
      the Company, business development, and redemption arrangement of existing Tier 2 capital instruments in a
      comprehensive manner, the Company completed the issuance of domestic Tier 2 capital bonds on 19 November
      2018. The RMB20 billion capital raised effectively replenished Tier 2 capital and increased the capital adequacy ratio
      of the Company.
      According to the Company’s capital planning during the period from 2019 to 2021, our goals for core Tier 1 capital
      adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio will reach and be maintained at above 9.5%,
      10.5% and 12.5%, respectively. Despite the consecutive promulgation of the New Regulation on Asset Management
      and the “Guidelines on Improving the Supervision of Systemically Important Financial Institutions (《關於完善系統重
      要性金融機構監管的指導意見》)”, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company is expected to achieve its goals. The
      Company will stick to the following principles in capital supplement: fund generation and accumulation are mainly
      from internal resources, with capital replenishment through external resources as additional assistance; fund-raising
      is achieved through various channels and ways. Currently, the Company does not have any share capital financing
      schemes. The Company will continue to enhance the concept of refined capital management, and promote the
      application of the risk adjusted return on capital (RAROC), the economic value added (EVA) and other valuation
      indicators. By closely following the progress of international capital regulatory reform, the Company will continue
      to implement the internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (ICAAP), keep a dynamic balance of supply and
      demand of capital, and plan the utilisation of various capital tools in a comprehensive way.
9.    Advancement in monthly active users (MAU)
      In 2019, the Company will continue to use MAU as the North Star Metric and implement the “mobile priority”
      development strategy. By focusing on building the capability of acquiring mass customers at low cost and the
      capacity of digital operation, the Company will fully exploit the potential value of customers and technology, so as
      to forge the new growth engines for the future.
      On the one hand, the Company will enhance its customer acquisition capability and user conversion capability, carry
      out traffic management by focusing on the construction of effective core scenarios, and establish the channel for
      user-to-customer conversion. Firstly, by adhering to the strategy of “promoting the two APPs at the same time”, the
      Company will build an Internet customer acquisition system with large traffic, full customer base and high efficiency
      to promote a rapid traffic growth. Secondly, by focusing on the scenario construction to cater for basic daily
      needs of users, such as travel, medical care and education, the Company will offer its financial service capabilities
      through the “Cloud + API (application programming interface)” model, so as to strengthen customer loyalty and
      product penetration ratio. Thirdly, through constant improvement in wealth management scenarios and consumer
      finance scenarios, the Company will promote the connection between traffic growth and traffic conversion in an
      orderly manner, explore the new model for value realisation of closed-loop traffic management and fully exploit the
      potential value of customers.
      On the other hand, the Company will strengthen the construction of a digital data platform at middle office,
      reinforce the digital operation capability for billion-level customers through more intelligent and efficient network
      management tools and methods, and improve the quality and efficiency of the whole process of customer
      operations. Firstly, by leveraging on the two major APPs, the Company will create a digital service platform to
      improve its digital operation by carrying out intelligent data application marketing, risk control, customer service
      and operation with the help of Fintech. Secondly, the Company will enhance Fintech infrastructure construction by
      focusing on “cloud + API + Blockchain” and “Data + AI”, so as to establish an open and intelligent Internet business
      ecosystem and service system. Thirdly, the Company will carry out digital process reengineering based on “customer
      journey map” to examine and rebuild the entire process of the services of the Company from a customer’s
      perspective, so as to realise the best balance of customer experience, business efficiency, risk control and operating
      costs.


3.9.2 Outlook and countermeasures for 2019
      Looking into 2019, the global geopolitical risks will be accumulating amid the populist gloom. Global trade activities
      is slowing down, which will hinder the global economic growth. With the impact of the US fiscal stimulus gradually
      fading out, the global economy will slow down in a synchronised manner. Affected by this, the global liquidity
      contraction will tend to ease. Domestically, the economy will face greater downward pressure on its growth.
      The dual pressure of short-term decelerating growth and long-term structural contradiction has overlapped, and
      the adverse effect of trade friction may gradually emerge. On the one hand, traditional growth drivers such as
      infrastructure investment and property development are obviously weaker than their historical performance, and the
      trade surplus may be narrowed. On the other hand, the driving force for domestic consumption is weakening, the
      efforts in cultivating new industries appear inefficient, the improvement in total factor productivity is limited, and
      new economic growth drivers are still to be cultivated.
      Notwithstanding the unfavorable factors, China’s economic growth will remain resilient in 2019. The demand for
      infrastructure investment is expected to rebound from the bottom. With the completion of the investigation into
      local governments’ hidden debts and the clarification of local governments’ borrowing rules, financing channels
      such as local governments’ special bonds and PPP are expected to be more efficient. In respect of the investment
      in the manufacturing sector, those high energy-consuming projects such as mining, metallurgy and petrochemical
      projects will undergo a much slower growth, while investment in those high-tech projects such as equipment and
      information are expected to increase much faster; the investment in household decoration and building materials
      will remain at a high level. Domestic consumption is expected to be boosted with further tax cuts. Benefiting from
      its complete production categories and industrial chain, China’s export is expected to maintain its resilience, which
      gains time and space for the mitigation of trade friction. The Producer Price Index (PPI) of industrial producers may
      decline significantly due to the drop in bulk commodity prices, while the Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to
      maintain a mild inflation pattern. In 2019, the appreciation of the US dollar may be diminished, which will help ease
      the pressure on the depreciation of RMB. With the Chinese economy maintaining its stable growth, the pressure of
      depreciation of RMB in the long term is expected to be insignificant.
50   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           In 2019, China’s macroeconomic regulation and control will focus more on policy coordination, emphasize more
           on counter-cyclical adjustment, and aim to stabilise the general demand. With the strength and effect of China’s
           fiscal policy being increased, and the fiscal deficit rate being adjusted to 2.8%, the cuts in both inclusive taxes and
           structural taxes will be implemented simultaneously, aiming to reduce the tax burden of manufacturers and small-
           and micro-sized enterprises. Under the policy guidance of “legal compliance and risk prevention”, new special bonds
           of local governments will reach RMB2.15 trillion, representing an increase of RMB800 billion as compared with the
           year of 2018. The monetary policy will be balanced with more emphasis on unblocking the credit facility transmission
           mechanism. The quantity and price approaches like deposit reserve ratio and interest rates will be applied in a timely
           manner to guide financial institutions to expand credit supply, reduce loan costs, and support the real economy in
           an accurate and effective manner. Market liquidity will remain reasonably abundant with a streamlined approach. On
           the whole, China’s economy will maintain its resilient growth in 2019, and its macroeconomic policies will be more
           forward-looking, flexible, coordinated and effective. The economic and financial risks will be generally controllable.
           In view of the current environment, the Company’s (time-point) proprietary loans are expected to increase by
           approximately 10% in 2019, with its (daily average) proprietary deposits expected to increase by 6% to 7%, and
           its active liabilities will be flexibly allocated based on the actual operations of the Company. Facing the complicated
           internal and external environment, the Company will maintain its strategic stability, return to the origin of customer
           service, and adhere to the orientation of “Light-operation Bank” and the positioning of “One Body with Two
           Wings”. Adhering to its two cores, namely customers and technologies, the Company will focus on transforming
           towards retail digitalisation, developing the service capacity for new growth drivers of wholesale business, building a
           system that can root out the risks, and developing its basic capacity, so as to expedite the formation of new business
           models.
           Firstly, we will adhere to the target of transformation towards retail digitalisation to create a bank with
           the best customer experience. Our retail business will continue to be oriented by the monthly active users (MAU)
           in order to solve the two major problems of acquiring a large number of customers at low cost and developing our
           digitalised operational capabilities. We will focus on improving operational capabilities and promote the formation of
           a virtuous cycle of business operation and customer acquisition.
           Secondly, we will focus on development of professional capacity and accelerate in cultivating the core
           competitiveness of our wholesale business. We will lay stress on the development of our own professional
           capabilities, and strive to achieve two major breakthroughs: quickly fitting in the rhythm of conversion from old
           growth engines to the new ones, and making breakthroughs in the professional service capabilities for the new
           growth engine; staying abreast of the transformation towards digitalised operation, and making breakthroughs in the
           industrial Internet.
           Thirdly, we will solve both symptomatic and fundamental problems to create a risk management system
           that supports high-quality development. We will prevent risks through “improving weakness”, closely monitor
           the risks in the key areas, carefully prevent compliance risks, and continue to strengthen basic management. We will
           consolidate our risk management capabilities by focusing on the major aspects of customers and technologies. On
           the one hand, we will accelerate customer structure adjustment based on industry research, build a risk management
           system that supports, adapts to and serves the customer group under the new growth engine; on the other hand,
           with the extensive use of financial technologies, we will constantly optimise the risk management model.
           Fourthly, we will accelerate the pace of infrastructure construction to lay solid foundation for the
           sustainable development of CMB. We are committed to building a leading financial technology infrastructure,
           establishing a digitalised intelligent operating system, cultivating a team and culture that is compatible with the
           Digital Bank, and seeking to promote the systematic and continuous establishment of the Digital Bank.



     3.10 Business operation
     3.10.1 Retail finance
           Business overview
           During the reporting period, the profit of the retail finance business of the Company maintained its rapid growth,
           with the profit before tax amounting to RMB57.227 billion, representing an increase of 20.24% as compared with
           the previous year. It accounted for 57.22% of the total profit before tax of the whole business lines of the Company.
           The net operating income from the retail finance amounted to RMB123.253 billion, representing an increase of
           16.03% as compared with previous year, and accounting for 52.71% of the net operating income of the Company.
           Among the income of retail finance, the net interest income amounted to RMB80.537 billion, representing an
           increase of 16.17% as compared with previous year, and accounting for 65.34% of the net operating income from
           retail finance; the net non-interest income amounted to RMB42.716 billion, representing an increase of 15.76%
           as compared with previous year and accounting for 34.66% of the net operating income from retail finance, and
           54.81% of the net non-interest income of the Company. In 2018, the retail finance of the Company recorded a fee
           income of RMB16.515 billion from bank cards, representing an increase of 19.66% as compared with previous year;
           the fee and commission income from retail wealth management was RMB19.338 billion, accounting for 45.90% of
           the net fee and commission income from retail finance.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                               51
Annual Report 2018


      In order to adapt to the rapid development of technology-based finance, the Company took the initiative for its
      retail finance business to get out of the comfort zone of traditional business and formally moved towards the retail
      finance 3.0 Era, so as to embrace the evolution of service ecosystem through digital transformation of its operating
      organisations. In 2018, under the guidance of the “Mobile Priority (移動優先)” strategy and “MAU North Star
      Metric (北極星指標)”, the Company constantly empowered the retail finance by enhancing the functions of the
      digital platforms, which optimised the platform system, product system and service system towards a coverage of
      “full-customer, full-product and full-channel”, further improved the customer classification operation based on the
      existing segmentation-based customer management and continually consolidated its retail customer foundation.
      While maintaining the systemic competitive edges of core retail businesses such as wealth management, private
      banking, credit card, retail loan, consumer finance and e-banking, the Company has vigorously marched towards the “APP
      Era”.
      Retail customers and total assets under management from retail customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 125.4144 million retail customers (including debit and
      credit card customers), representing an increase of 17.61% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
      which, the number of Sunflower-level and above customers (those with minimum daily average total assets of
      RMB500,000 for each month) reached 2,362,600, representing an increase of 11.09% as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The balance of total assets under management from our retail customers amounted to
      RMB6,802.105 billion, representing an increase of 10.35% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
      which, the balance of total assets under management from the Sunflower-level and above customers amounted
      to RMB5,508.235 billion, representing an increase of 8.83% as compared with the end of the previous year, and
      accounting for 80.98% of the balance of total assets under management from retail customers of the Bank. As
      at the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company amounted to
      RMB1,436.675 billion, representing an increase of 16.68% as compared with the end of the previous year, of
      which the percentage of demand deposits accounted for 70.56%. According to the data released by the PBOC, the
      Company ranked first among the joint stock banks in terms of the balance of retail deposits as at the end of the
      reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 132,276,700 All-in-one Cards in aggregate have
      been issued by the Company for retail customers, up by 14.24% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      In 2018, the growth of M2 further slowed down. The leverage ratio of households gradually stabilised after 2017
      and the accumulation of wealth decelerated as the households entered into the phase of repayment. The wealth
      growth among mid-to-high end customers of retail finance sector was in line with the changes in the macro
      environment, but the overall growth of assets under management (AUM) outperformed the market. Facing of
      multiple challenges, the Company actively adjusted its operation modes. On the basis of further consolidating the
      retail customer base, the Company expanded its customer availability of CMB APP and CMB Life APP and enhanced
      the customer experience. In this way, the Company strived to form its core competitive advantage at the later stage
      of the transformation to ensure steady increase in the retail customer base and AUM.
      Wealth management
      In 2018, the Company recorded RMB10,713.837 billion in sales of personal wealth management products,
      representing an increase of 16.73% as compared with the previous year; RMB767.858 billion in the agency
      distribution of listed open-ended funds (LOF), representing an increase of 8.84% as compared with the previous
      year; RMB322.306 billion in agency distribution of trust schemes, representing an increase of 43.35% as compared
      with the previous year; and RMB70.453 billion in premiums from agency distribution of insurance policies,
      representing a decrease of 17.18% as compared with the previous year. In 2018, the Company recorded a fee and
      commission income from retail wealth management business of RMB19.338 billion, among which, income from
      agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB6.650 billion, income from agency distribution of trust schemes
      amounted to RMB5.741 billion, income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB4.744
      billion, and income from entrusted wealth management amounted to RMB2.104 billion. For the reasons of changes
      in fee and commission income from wealth management, please refer to the analysis of net non-interest income
      under section 3.9.1 of this report.
      During the reporting period, the Company enhanced the customer base operation, product design & development
      and refined management with deepened Fintech application. Through subdividing customer bases, the Company
      reconstructed the segmentation-based management service system in response to the changes in customers’
      demand for wealth management. The Company also upgraded frontline service expertise with “Human being +
      Intelligence”, comprehensively solved the difficulty in selling complex products and expanded the differentiated and
      leading advantages of the Company in terms of wealth management business. As the leading smart investment
      advisory product in China, “Machine Gene Investment (摩羯智投)” has achieved a total sales volume of RMB12.233
      billion, maintained its outstanding performance with “low volatility and steady growth” during the reporting period,
      and effectively evaded the risks in contrast to the poor performance of capital market. While striving to secure
      stable investment performance, the Company has been continuously upgrading and iterating the related functions
      of Machine Gene Investment, so as to further enhance the customer experience. The Company actively responded
      to the implementation of the New Regulation on Asset Management and supporting policies, and conveyed the
      financial planning concept featuring scientific asset allocation through investor education to maintain a stable
      amount of wealth management asset. In addition, the Company continued to improve its customer experience and
      service efficiency by such technological means as artificial intelligence, big data and cloud computing. During the
      reporting period, the Company launched the Sunflower Financial Planning Service System (金葵花財務規劃服務
      體系) to provide household customers with a wealth management plan covering the whole life-cycle and unified
      management of assets and liabilities. In light of application of Fintech and big data, the Company constantly
      optimised wealth check services and offered full-asset management service to customers through online-offline
      integration so as to cater to customers’ need for comprehensive wealth management.
52   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Private banking
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 72,938 private banking customers (retail customers of
           the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase
           of 8.19% as compared with the end of the previous year; total assets under management from private banking
           customers amounted to RMB2,039.290 billion, representing an increase of 7.03% as compared with the end of the
           previous year; total assets per account amounted to RMB27.9592 million. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the Company has established a high-end customer service network consisting of 68 private banking centers and 64
           wealth management centers in 63 domestic cities and 7 overseas cities.
           The private banking business of the Company is based on the operating philosophy of “It’s our job to build your
           everlasting family fortune”. In order to “foster a private bank with best customer experience (打造最佳客戶體驗私人
           銀行)”, the Company has been committed to meeting the various demands of high-net-value customers consisting
           of individuals, families and enterprises. The Company continued to make asset deployment among the major
           categories including fixed income, cash and currencies, equity, alternative investments and assets with guarantee
           purpose for its customers and offer them professional, comprehensive and private financial services in investment,
           taxation, legal affairs, M&A, financing and clearing, thus benefiting both customers and the Company. Since 2018,
           due to the international situation and market fluctuations, the risk appetite of customers of private banking of the
           Company has been reduced and equity asset allocation has decreased as compared with the end of the previous
           year. At the same time, with the entry into the transition period of handover from the first-generation entrepreneurs
           to the second generation of entrepreneurs in China, the demand for wealth protection and inheritance has become
           increasingly important, which has led to an increase in assets allocation with guarantee purposes as compared
           with the end of the previous year. Under the New Regulation on Asset Management, the advantage that the
           private banking business of the Company has been striving to build, which was comprised of a professional system
           focusing on investment advisory services, has been increasingly prominent. The Company made the forward-looking
           deployment from the construction of professional team, the design of operating system to actual implementation.
           At the same time, with regard to the internal management, the Company strongly supported process reconstruction,
           system transformation and rule optimisation with a customer-oriented perspective in order to comprehensively
           enhance the customer service experience. The Company continued to deepen the five-dimensional customer
           acquisition system and by virtue of Fintech, made meaningful attempts in accurate identification of customer needs,
           provision of professional financial solutions, the cultivation of professional skills of relationship managers, and the
           improvement of internal operational efficiency, which promoted efficient operation. The Company continuously
           enriched and consolidated the financial services and non-financial services in terms of content and scope, and
           improved customer service capabilities to provide comprehensive and effective integrated solutions to customers.
           Credit cards
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 84.3044 million active credit cards,
           representing an increase of 34.98% as compared with the end of the previous year, and there were 58.0293 million
           active credit-card users, representing an increase of 23.61% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           Company continued to improve the efficiency of customer operation. The credit card transactions of the Company in
           2018 amounted to RMB3,793.836 billion, representing an increase of 27.74% as compared with the previous year.
           The balance of credit card loans was RMB575.365 billion, representing an increase of 17.13% as compared with the
           previous year. The percentage of the revolving balances of credit cards was 23.42%. In 2018, interest income from
           credit cards amounted to RMB45.979 billion, representing an increase of 16.29% as compared with the previous
           year. Benefiting from the increased transaction volume, the non-interest income from credit cards amounted to
           RMB20.722 billion, representing an increase of 38.95% as compared with the previous year. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s credit cards was 1.11%, remaining at the same
           level as compared with the end of the previous year, the risk indicators were stable and controllable as a whole.
           During the reporting period, the Company actively explored and put into practice various Fintech and improved the
           efficiency of customer acquisition and operation, including: constantly focusing on upgrading the service capability
           of its mobile services and successfully launching Version 7.0 of CMB Life APP with essence of “creating quality life”.
           For further details, please refer to the section headed “Distribution Channels”. The Company deepened its service
           modules, such as intelligent flow redirection, intelligent flow distribution, intelligent operation and intelligent audit,
           and managed to set up a customer acquisition channel connecting fans, traffic and APP users so as to push forward
           the efficacy of customer acquisition driven by technology application. The Company completed the deep learning
           of AI technology in respect of three intelligent channels including WeChat, QQ and CMB Life APP, in an attempt
           to explore the new service model featuring “Terminal + Cloud Service” on the Internet. The Company has also
           established a customer experience lab known as “VLab”, so as to understand the real needs of our customers, and
           inspire our product innovation. The Company constantly advanced our cooperation with generally popular fields and
           the Internet enterprises in promoting our credit cards by launching a variety of co-branded credit cards, e.g. Hema
           Fresh (盒馬鮮生), Tmall Store (天貓營業廳), Today’s Headline (今日頭條), etc.. The Company also actively explored
           the commercialisation system of the fan card products by launching collectible cards with themes like Hello Kitty and
           Teddy. The Company perfected the overall deployment of consumer financial products, completed the optimisation
           of the second iteration of “eLoan (e智貸)”, accomplished the breakthrough and innovation of channel operation, and
           expanded the regional scenarios for consumer finance, aiming to enhance our management expertise of diversified
           products.
China Merchants Bank       III Report of the Board of Directors                                                               53
Annual Report 2018


      Confronting the competition brought by the quasi-credit cards launched by the Internet giants and the challenges
      from third-party payment, the Company deepened its integration with mobile Internet, strengthened its own
      platform and channel construction, while forging cooperation with Internet technology enterprises with respect
      to the traffic management. The Company constantly expanded its differentiated competitive edges by establishing
      a comprehensive intelligent customer acquisition system, innovating the consumer credit products, refining the
      platform operation management and building an intelligent risk management system. The Company launched the
      first “Fast Service Bank” service system in the industry, devoted to conducting the promotion and operation of new
      payment products, seized the payment portals in mobile Internet era and improved the open user system to build a
      complete financial ecological platform.
      Retail loans
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,987.587 billion,
      representing an increase of 12.66% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 54.43% of
      the total loans and advances to customers, up by 1.07 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
      year. Total amount of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans) reached RMB1,412.289 billion,
      representing an increase of 10.93% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 38.67% of total
      loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing an increase of 0.16 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      As to business development, the Company actively supported the real economy in accordance with the requirements
      of the State policies and regulations and accelerated the development of micro-finance loans, in particular, with the
      guidance of inclusive finance. The Company developed its mortgage business in a steady manner under the local real
      estate control policies in the support of the residents’ reasonable needs for their own homes. The Company strictly
      controlled the usage of consumption loans and guided a light development path of consumption loans towards
      the operation mode with online, small-value and customised features so as to realise the healthy development of
      retail loans business. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance of residential housing
      loans of RMB921.347 billion, representing an increase of 11.57% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      The balance of micro-finance loans amounted to RMB348.993 billion (calculated on the Bank’s statistical calibre),
      representing an increase of 12.23% as compared with the end of the previous year, with its percentage in the
      balance of incremental retail loans (excluding credit cards) up by 9.15 percentage points as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The balance of consumption loans amounted to RMB105.433 billion, up by 15.39% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 4,735,100
      retail loan customers, representing an increase of 73.21% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      rapid expansion of customer base was mainly attributable to the light customer acquisition model through online
      resources.
      As to the quality of assets, the Company stabilised the quality of retail loan assets by constantly optimising its
      policies for retail loans and enhancing its risk management capabilities. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of the special mention retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB26.470 billion, and its proportion
      of retail loans recorded a slight increase of 0.06 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      The balance of non-performing retail loans amounted to RMB15.719 billion, and its non-performing loan ratio
      was 0.79%, down by 0.11 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among retail non-
      performing loan portfolio, the non-performing ratio of micro-finance loans was 1.34%, down by 0.44 percentage
      point as compared with the end of the previous year due to an acceleration in the disposal of the non-performing
      micro-finance loans; the non-performing ratio of consumption loans was 1.13%, down by 0.03 percentage point
      as compared with the end of the previous year. Excluding credit cards, the mortgage and pledged loans accounted
      for 75.79% of the balance of the new non-performing retail loans of the Company in 2018, with a mortgage and
      pledge rate of 48.90%. Given that the vast majority of such new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by
      collaterals, the final loss was not substantial.
      As to risk management, driven by big data and quantitative model, based on the integration of internal and external
      data resources as well as the comprehensive application of risk models, the Company enhanced the professional
      level of its teams and the capability of quantitative analysis, and applied technological innovation in each aspect
      of risk management, so as to establish a standardised, systematic, data-based and modelised comprehensive risk
      management system. In response to the risk of “joint debts”, the Company continued to enhance its capabilities
      to prevent multiple credit granting and credit fraud. With Fintech application, the Company integrated its internal
      and external data sources to portrait, verify and restore the real balance sheet status of the customers in a
      multi-dimensional manner, so as to form a unified view of risks associated with its customers and enhance its risk
      identification capability. The Company adhered to acquiring quality customers whose lion share are with stable jobs
      and source of income. The Company took into consideration the application scenarios of various real consumptions
      such as parking space purchase, decoration, education, etc.. The Company also established an automated
      post-lending monitoring system to continuously monitor the risk of “joint debts” and got prepared in advance.
54   China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.10.2 Wholesale finance
           Business overview
           During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB42.778 billion,
           accounting for 42.78% of profit before tax for the business lines of the Company. The net operating income from
           wholesale finance of the Company was RMB110.848 billion, representing an increase of 8.77% as compared with
           the previous year, and accounting for 47.41% of the net operating income of the Company. As for the income
           structure of wholesale finance business, net interest income amounted to RMB77.318 billion, representing an
           increase of 6.31% as compared with the previous year, and accounting for 69.75% of the net operating income of
           wholesale finance; net non-interest income of wholesale finance amounted to RMB33.530 billion, representing an
           increase of 14.89% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 30.25% of the net operating income of
           wholesale finance, and 43.02% of net non-interest income of the Company.
           Wholesale customers
           The Company has fully implemented the centralised operation of strategic customers, and established the corporate
           customer service system featuring segmentation and classification-based management, as well as professional and
           dedicated operation in respect of institutional customers, small-sized enterprise customers, financial institution
           customers and offshore customers. With regards to its basic customers, the customer base of the Company
           continued to expand rapidly. As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate depositors
           was 1,858,000, up by 18.10% as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired
           corporate depositors of the Company during the reporting period was 433,500, contributing daily average deposits
           of RMB161.482 billion. Both the number of newly opened accounts and the deposit contribution recorded a new
           high during the reporting period. With regards to its strategic customers, targeting its strategic customers under
           the Head Office, the Company used Fintech technology to delve the platform ecosphere of core customers, thus
           realising the in-depth operation of those customers. The Company enhanced its professional service capabilities by
           strengthening research on the industry in which customers operate; and increased support for strategic customers
           from emerging industry by adhering to integration of investment banking and commercial banking. As at the end
           of the reporting period, the number of the strategic customers under the Head Office of the Company was 2519,
           increasing by 85 as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of daily average proprietary deposits
           amounted to RMB557.234 billion, increasing by 16.86% as compared with the beginning of the year; the balance
           of general loans amounted to RMB486.251 billion, increasing by 35.51% as compared with the beginning of the
           year. For the strategic customers at the branch level, the Company focused on professional operation and service
           upgrading. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 8,043 branch-level strategic customers10. The
           balance of general loans amounted to RMB285.350 billion, increasing by 13.26% as compared with the beginning
           of the year. With regards to its institutional customers, the Company, by deepening the “Head Office-to-Head
           Office” strategic cooperation with the national ministries and commissions, the Company continued to innovate
           cooperation models and focus on fiscal, social security, public resource transactions, provident fund and other
           customer groups, fully exploited the low cost “liquid funds” and “incremental funds” of its customers while making
           remarkable efforts in developing the high-value scenarios and strengthening linkage with its retail business so as
           to promote the rapid growth of institutional customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had
           30,900 institutional customers, up by 26.64% as compared with the end of the previous year, with an average
           daily deposit balance of RMB771.467 billion, representing an increase of 10.22% as compared with the end of
           the previous year. With regards to its small-sized enterprise customers, the Company continued to advance
           the construction of a segmentation-based operation service system for small-sized enterprise customers while
           focusing on three customer bases (Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼), supply chain and traditional enterprises with
           stable businesses) and building diversified customer acquisition channels. The Company offered financing products
           for small-sized enterprise customers based on their differentiated financing needs. The Company strengthened
           the capability to offer basic financial services and efficiently meet the diversified non-financial services needs of
           small-sized enterprise customers from various aspects such as optimising the account opening process, innovating
           payment and settlement products, and staffing the service advisors in the lobby. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the number of small-sized enterprise customers reached 1,752,000, representing an increase of 20.63% as
           compared with that at the beginning of the year. With regards to its financial institution customers, the Company
           persisted in improving the financial institution customer service system featuring “centralised management,
           segmentation-based and intensive management”, determined the list of strategic customers at the Head Office
           and branches, carried out in-depth management of strategic financial institution customers based on the principle
           of “different policy for each customer” and managed basic customers by integrating online and offline services.
           With regards to its offshore customers, the Company’s business operation targeted non-resident customers, fully
           implemented the operation philosophy of “customer-centric”, comprehensively carried out the segmentation-based
           management of offshore strategic customers, value customers and basic customers, optimised the construction
           of offshore customer service system, and broadened the acquisition channels of customers. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the Company had 12,500 offshore customers.

     9
           The number of strategic customers at the Head Office level is that of the group customers as the strategic customers at the Head Office level operated
           by the Company in 2018.
     10
           In order to better serve its customers, in 2018, the Company expanded the scope of strategic customers at the branch level horizontally and vertically,
           included the group member customers, as well as upstream and downstream supply chain customers based on the 2017 customer list.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                   55
Annual Report 2018


      Corporate loans
      As at the end of the reporting period, total corporate loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,518.685 billion,
      representing an increase of 6.32% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 41.59% of
      total loans and advances to customers of the Company. Among them, the balance of the medium-to-long term loans
      to domestic enterprises amounted to RMB659.680 billion, accounting for 47.28% of the total loans to domestic
      enterprises, and representing an increase of 3 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      non-performing loan ratio of our corporate loans was 2.37%, representing a decrease of 0.39 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. In 2018, the floating range of weighted average interest rates of newly
      granted corporate loans in RMB was 6.95%. As at the end of the reporting period, the weighted average default
      probability of the risk exposure of the domestic non-defaulting corporate customers was 1.00%, representing a
      decrease of 0.25 percentage point from the end of the previous year.
      In 2018, the Company continued to optimise its asset structure. Since the underlying data is subject to adjustment
      or elimination as a result of change in classification of certain enterprises after they have grown larger in scale at the
      beginning of the year, the calibre of our large, medium and small-sized enterprises business at the beginning of the
      year was adjusted as compared to the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
      of the Company’s loans granted to domestic large-sized enterprises amounted to RMB1,166.060 billion, representing
      an increase of 10.73% (calculated on the Bank’s calibre) as compared with the beginning of the year, accounting
      for 83.58% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, up by 3.71 percentage points as compared with
      the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan ratio was 2.04%, down by 0.21 percentage point as compared
      with the beginning of the year. The balance of the Company’s loans granted to domestic medium-sized enterprises
      amounted to RMB126.319 billion, representing a decrease of 13.17% (calculated on the Bank’s calibre) as compared
      with the beginning of the year, accounting for 9.05% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, down
      by 1.98 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the a non-performing loan ratio was
      6.40%, down by 1.17 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of the loans
      granted to domestic small-sized enterprises amounted to RMB102.771 billion, representing a decrease of 14.32%
      (calculated on the Bank’s calibre) as compared with the beginning of the year, accounting for 7.37% of our total
      loans granted to domestic enterprises, down by 1.73 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year;
      the non-performing loan ratio was 3.54%, down by 0.24 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the
      year. The floating range of the weighted average interest rate of the Company’s loans newly granted to small-sized
      enterprises was 16.00% for the year.
      During the reporting period, the Company supported green industries, strategic emerging industries and the
      industries with distinct regional characteristics, accelerated the construction of customer service system for new
      growth engines, conducted in-depth research on 12 new growth engine industries, and formed a list of 2,174 target
      customers and credit policies; grasped market opportunities brought by the policy of “infrastructure to complement
      shortcomings”, increased investment in high-quality medium-to-long term assets; and flexibly adjusted loans to
      real estate, local government financing platforms and other industries in response to the changes in external
      operating environment. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of green loans was RMB166.033 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB8.930 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for
      10.93% of the total corporate loans of the Company; the balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was
      RMB87.668 billion, representing an increase of RMB9.347 billion as compared with the end of the previous year
      and accounting for 5.77% of the total corporate loans of the Company. For further details of loans extended to
      the sectors which are subject to the strict regulation of the State, such as the real estate industry and the local
      government financing platforms, please refer to section 3.9.1.
      “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)” is a strategic brand of the Company to serve the emerging small and medium-sized
      innovative technology enterprises. The Company acquired target customers through continuous implementation of
      the name list marketing model. During the reporting period, the Company focused on the list of two categories of
      enterprises: “high-tech” and “capital market”, and continued to further expand the customer base under “Qian Ying
      Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”. Meanwhile, the Company initiated the establishment of “Fintech Cooperation Alliance under
      Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼科技金融生態合作聯盟)” and provided comprehensive services to technology-based
      emerging enterprises with concerted efforts of various parties so as to build a service ecosystem. Also, the Company
      worked closely with external investment institutions, so as to provide diversified investment and loan linking services
      to enterprises registered under “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
      had a total of 23,607 registered customers under “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”, representing an increase of 1,586
      registered customers on the basis of customer base adjustment at the beginning of the year. During the reporting
      period, a total of 37 companies in the “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)” customer base had successfully listed in
      Mainland China and each of them opened a special account with the Company for their proceeds from listing.
      The proportion of special accounts for proceeds from listing opened by small- and medium-sized enterprises and
      companies listed on the GEM was 40%, continued to rank first in the market. The total amount of the credit lines
      granted to such customers as at the end of the reporting period amounted to RMB154.013 billion with the balance
      of loans granted to such customers amounting to RMB30.281 billion.
56   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           The main purpose of the Company’s syndicated loan business is to enhance interbank cooperation and information
           sharing, and to spread the risks associated with large-amount loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of syndicated loans amounted to RMB160.289 billion, up by 10.77% as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
           Bill business
           During the reporting period, the Company’s bill business, by leveraging on its Fintech advantages and system
           advantages, further enhanced its market competitiveness and the customer experience through continuous product
           innovation and process optimisation. Firstly, in order to make the forward-looking preparations for the forward
           settlements of enterprises and the securitisation trend of short-term financing, the Company initially completed
           the development of “Bills Manager”, a complete bills service platform, becoming the first large and medium-sized
           commercial bank in the market to provide enterprises with the non-stop comprehensive bills service. Secondly, our
           product innovation efforts have produced remarkable results. Thanks to the outward expansion in the service scope
           of the Bills Manager platform, the Company has become one of the first three pilot banks of the “Piao Fu Tong (票
           付通)” product and successfully completed the first transaction in the market. In addition, it has also gained its
           first-mover advantage in serving the bills settlement business of B2B e-commerce platforms, enhanced its industrial
           Internet service capability and created an opportunity for the expansion of corporate customers by batch in a cost-
           efficient way. The Company first launched the “Online Bills Discounting (在線貼現)” service into the market based
           on its online banking service platform and mobile APP platform, which sets the bills discounting business free from
           the limitation of space and time and enables its customers to “get discounted at one click”, thus serving the long-
           tail customers of bills discounting by batch in an efficient and low-cost way and effectively improving its capability
           to serve the real economy. Thirdly, the Company constantly enhanced customer experience and accelerated process
           optimisation, thereby significantly enhancing its product service efficiency and continuously improving its customer
           recognition.
           During the reporting period, the Company had 66,533 customers of bill business, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 53.84%, and its bills direct discounting business amounted to RMB1,025.514 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 30.95%, ranking second in the market in terms of business volume (data from the China
           Banking Association). As at the end of the reporting period, the bill discounting balance of the Company amounted
           to RMB145.633 billion, representing an increase of 28.11% from the end of the previous year.
           With respect to discounted bill transfer business, the discounted bills transferred to other banks or financial
           institutions amounted to RMB717.649 billion, with a year-on-year decrease of 77.01% due to the implementation of
           the New Regulation on Asset Management during the reporting period. Business in central bank bill rediscounting
           amounted to RMB119.426 billion, with a year-on-year growth of 33.22%. The volume of both discounted bill
           transfer and bill rediscounting continued to stay ahead in the industry.
           Corporate customer deposits
           During the reporting period, the Company focused on the segmentation- and classification-based management, as
           well as the intensive management of corporate customer bases, refocused on its business origin, and centred on
           the two competitive product lines of transaction banking and investment banking to serve its customers, enhancing
           the overall contribution and loyalty of its customers while realising a steady growth in corporate deposits. As at
           the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate customer deposits amounted to RMB2,774.696 billion,
           representing an increase of 4.36% as compared with the end of the previous year; the daily average balance
           amounted to RMB2,738.819 billion, representing an increase of 5.34% as compared with the previous year; the
           demand deposits accounted for 56.06% of the balance of the daily average deposits from our corporate customers.
           During the reporting period, the average cost ratio of deposits from corporate customers was 1.68%, up by 0.17
           percentage point year-on-year.
           Transaction banking business and offshore banking business
           With respect to the settlement and cash management, the Company continued to promote the system construction
           of corporate account management as well as payment and settlement, optimised and upgraded basic settlement
           products from the perspective of enhancing customer experience, and enlarged customers’ settlement flow and
           settlement activity in the Company. Thanks to its continuous efforts to consolidate the “C+ Cash Settlement
           Solution” brand, the Company recorded 298,400 newly opened accounts. During the reporting period, the
           Company launched “All-in-one Cards for Company (公司一卡通)” highlighting “integration of all functions” with
           a combination of identification, account management, deposit, withdrawal and transfer of funds. As at the end of
           the reporting period, the number of “All-in-one Cards for Company” customers reached 1,291,900, accounting for
           69.53% of the total number of corporate customers, and the total number of accounts opened reached 2,525,700.
           Focusing on the management of accounts with different tiers, accounts both onshore and offshore, as well as the
           management of capital liquidity and the value-added need of strategic corporate customers, the Company continued
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                57
Annual Report 2018


      to advance the optimisation and promotion of Innovative Settlement Deposits, Virtual Cash Pool, Multi-level Cash
      Pool, Global Cash Management (GCM) and other products. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had
      a total of 1,709,800 customers using its cash management service, representing an increase of 22.48% as compared
      with the end of the previous year. The Company upgraded its cash management platform, enriched the product
      offering, launched a special Cross-bank Solution for Cash Management for small-sized and medium-sized enterprises
      (CBS mini), released unified version of the Treasury Management System (TMS) and CBS APP3.0 applicable to
      financial companies, and became the first bank in the industry to launch the CBS-TT cloud platform solution for
      global cash management. The Company offered its cash management services to 2,120 group customers in total, the
      number of member enterprises under management reached 50,800, and the transaction amount exceeded RMB10
      trillion. At the same time, the Company explored scenario operation of different demands from business customers,
      and launched various products including aggregated collection (聚合收款), “Transaction Keeper (交易管家)”, “Yin Fa
      Tong (銀法通)”, the e-payment system for aggregate tax payments with customs, “Cloud Bill (雲賬單)” B2B payment
      system and others.
      In terms of trade finance, the Company actively promoted the “light capital” business model to optimise the business
      operation process, focused on serving strategic customers’ international trade financing business, strengthened the
      promotion of key products such as “Making Payments on Behalf of Customers for Imports & Exports (進出口代付)”,
      “Engineering Guarantee (工程保)” business and packaged non-recourse export factoring, and innovated on “Export
      Pool Finance (出口池融資)” products to promote the steady growth of international trade financing investment
      through various measures. During the reporting period, the on- and off-balance sheet financing for international
      trade of the Company amounted to USD18.953 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.55%. At the same
      time, in domestic trade financing, the Company actively optimised business processes, promoted online factoring
      business and vigorously promoted featured factoring business to meet customers’ deleveraging needs. Through
      buyer’s non-recourse factoring, joint factoring, refactoring and other products, the Company improved its market
      penetration capability in the industries of pharmaceutical circulation and infrastructure. During the reporting period,
      the Company’s domestic factoring business amounted to RMB233.067 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of
      33.50%, of which featured factoring business accounted for RMB44.565 billion.
      With respect to its cross-border finance, the Company focused on five major scenarios covering enterprise
      cross-border procurement, sales, investment, financing and financial management, launched the comprehensive
      cross-border finance services for 10 industries, and promoted the transformation of marketing model from a single
      product portfolio to a comprehensive industry operation. At the same time, the Company continued to optimise
      the basic international business processes and promote online services, launched SWIFT GPI system, electronic
      bills system for trade in goods, etc., so as to promote paperless operation and real-time exchange of remittance
      information. As at the end of the reporting period, the onshore international settlements of the Company amounted
      to USD203.516 billion. The foreign exchange settlements amounted to USD134.945 billion.
      With respect to its offshore businesses, the Company returned to its origin of customer service, focused on
      customers from the new economic sectors, and explored sales to targeted unicorns and quasi-unicorn enterprises
      through a carefully compiled list; promoted business transformation and innovation, accelerated Fintech application,
      improved the ability to serve customers through system building, and promoted management refinement. As at
      the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from offshore customers of the Company amounted to
      USD14.260 billion, the balance of loans granted to offshore customers amounted to USD7.924 billion, and the
      non-performing loan ratio was 0.27%. During the reporting period, the international settlements amounted to
      USD287.896 billion.
      Investment banking business
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to adhere to the strategy of integrating investment banking
      and commercial banking, and actively capitalised on asset structuring and asset sales as the dual engines to achieve
      the steady development of investment banking business.
      With respect to its bonds underwriting business, the Company further consolidated its professional management
      team and strengthened the relationship management with its bond investors to capture the market opportunities,
      thus achieving record high in terms of bonds underwriting and market ranking. Meanwhile, the Company actively
      responded to the call of the State by assisting state-owned enterprises to revitalise stock assets and deleverage, and
      launched the first bill backed with off-balance-sheet assets for the project receivables of state-owned enterprises,
      as well as the first secondary perpetual medium-term note. The Company also assisted private enterprises to resolve
      their financing difficulties, launched the first special bond backed by private enterprises in the interbank market,
      became the first joint-stock bank in the market to independently launch the credit risk release certificate for private
      enterprises, and so on. During the reporting period, the bonds with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted
      to RMB480.419 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 69.32%, among which, its ranking in the debt
      financing instrument issuance market of non-financial enterprises up by one place as compared with the previous
      year, and ranking second among the lead underwriters of banks in the non-policy financial bonds market (as per the
      ranking by WIND public data).
58   China Merchants Bank             III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           With respect to its M&A financing business, on the basis of maintaining traditionally competitive businesses such
           as M&A financing, the Company actively developed M&A financial consultant and syndicated distribution business,
           which further enriched its M&A services. During the reporting period, despite a substantial decrease in the amount
           of domestic M&A transactions as compared with the previous year, our M&A business had managed to reverse
           the trend and realised M&A transaction of RMB101.718 billion. “Syndicated Loan Project for CIC International’s
           Acquisition of Logicor Group under Blackstone” won the “Best Syndicated Loan Project Award” in 2018 issued by
           China Banking; “Syndicated Loan Project for the Privatisation of Global Logistic Properties Limited” won the “Best
           Financing Project in Asia-Pacific Region” issued by Thomson Reuters.
           With respect to its structural financing business, the Company actively complied with the regulatory requirements
           and adapted to changes in market trends, and took market deal matching business as a breakthrough. At the same
           time, a market trading system “Zhao Tou Xing (招投星)” was launched, so as to establish a non-stop, integrated and
           intelligent investment and financing service platform for all processes. The Company also actively directed resources
           at both the asset and capital ends, to provide high quality services on asset structuring and sales and to drive the
           overall business development. During the reporting period, the Company realised structural financing of RMB13.889
           billion, of which market deal matching amounted to approximately RMB70.0 billion.
           With respect to its equity capital market business, the Company actively adhered to the new regulatory policies.
           Through activating the stock assets and combining with the macro themes of the State-owned Enterprise Mixed
           Ownership Reform and industrial upgrading, the Company actively served the new economy and customers with
           new growth engines. During the reporting period, the equity capital market business of the Company amounted to
           RMB11.149 billion.
           Financial institution business
           With respect to its financial institutions asset and liability business, the Company continued to deepen the
           management of financial institution customers, optimised its financial institutions deposit structure and supported
           the liquidity management of the whole Bank. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of financial
           institutions deposits of the Company amounted to RMB450.706 billion, representing an increase of 6.99% as
           compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, the total amount of financial institutions demand
           deposits in the areas of fund clearing, settlement and depository service reported a balance of RMB327.484 billion,
           representing an increase of 13.46% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 72.66%
           of the total amount. The Bank maintained a leading position in terms of scale and percentage of demand deposits
           among the small and medium-sized banks in China.
           With respect to its depository service, during the reporting period, the Company’s security and future margin
           depository service was in stable operation, with third-party depository services extended to 102 securities companies
           and 9,854,300 new customers secured at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 9.25%
           as compared with the end of the previous year. In addition, the Company entered into cooperation with 86
           securities companies on margin trading and short selling business, securing 373,000 new customers at the end
           of the reporting period, representing an increase of 5.34% as compared with the end of the previous year. Also,
           the Company entered into cooperation with 51 securities companies on stock options business, securing 18,900
           customers at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 36.96% as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
           With respect to interbank clearing, as at the end of the reporting period, the number of the cross-border RMB
           accounts opened by banks and other financial institutions with the Company accumulated to 232, ranking first
           among all small- and medium-sized banks in China (according to the data released by the PBOC). There were 170
           customers which participated indirectly in the RMB Cross-border Interbank Payment System (CIPS), ranking first
           among all small- and medium-sized banks in China and second in the industry (according to the data released by the
           CIPS).
           With respect to the businesses on “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” Interbank Online Service Platform, as at the end of the
           reporting period, the number of financial institutions registered on our “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” platform of the
           Company reached 2,043 and, during the reporting period, the online business volume amounted to RMB825.179
           billion, and the online trading replacement ratio of the platform exceeded 80%.
           Asset management business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s wealth management products (excluding
           structured deposits)11 amounted to RMB1.96 trillion, representing an increase of 4.60% as compared with the end
           of the previous year calculated on the same statistical calibre. According to the information of the CBIRC, as at the
           end of the reporting period, the total fund values of the Company’s wealth management products and off-balance
           sheet wealth management products ranked second among the commercial banks.
           During the reporting period, the Company scored a number of achievements in terms of wealth management
           product transformation, asset management business transformation, asset allocation and risk management.



     11
           The balance of wealth management products (excluding structured deposits) is the sum of customers’ principal in the on- and off-balance sheet wealth
           management products under management by the Company and the changes in net value of net-value products as at the end of the reporting period.
China Merchants Bank             III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                       59
Annual Report 2018


      Firstly, the Company formulated a product transformation strategy, continued to promote the innovation and
      creation of wealth management products and compliance rectification, which further enriched wealth management
      product lines. During the reporting period, in compliance with the regulatory policy requirements, the Company took
      the following measures: first, after considering customers’ risk-return preferences and the Company’s strength in
      investment operation, the Company developed a product transformation strategy and implementation plan during
      the transition period; second, the Company reduced the wealth management products with principle guaranteed,
      products with expected returns and other products that did not meet the requirements of the New Regulation on
      Asset Management in a steady and orderly manner, while transferred the management functions regarding structured
      deposits to the department which is responsible for managing on-balance sheet items; third, the Company, adhering
      to the direction of wealth management product compliance transformation, took advantage from the Company’s
      accumulated experience and customer base acquired from early implementation of transformation to net-value
      products, promoted the direct transition of net-worth products that meet the net-value management requirements
      under the New Regulation on Asset Management into compliant net-worth products, with a focus on promoting the
      transformation of existing quasi net-value products12 into compliant net-value products, while introducing wealth
      management products in compliance with the new regulations, which led to initial success in the promotion of new
      products. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s net-value products that meet the requirements of
      the New Regulation on Asset Management accounted for 14.04% of the balance of wealth management products.
      Secondly, the Company undertook inspection of wealth management assets and formulated special transitional
      rectification plan for wealth management assets. In accordance with the requirements of the relevant provisions
      of the New Regulation on Asset Management, the Company immediately initiated the inspection of wealth
      management assets during the reporting period, and initially formulated and optimised the overall plan for the
      transformation management during the transition period of the assets under the wealth management business. The
      plan confirmed the principal transformation and rectification models adopted for the Company’s existing wealth
      management assets during the transition period for compliance with the new regulation, refined the progress plan
      and work schedule of asset transformation, put forward a clear management plan and suggestions for new assets
      acquired during the transition period, and formed the approval process and implementation procedure based on the
      principle of “different policy for each customer”, so as to specify the post-investment management requirements
      during the duration of wealth management products.
      Thirdly, the Company made appropriate allocation of various types of assets, gradually adjusted the asset allocation
      structure, and adhered to the purpose of serving the real economy. During the reporting period, aiming to raise
      the return-on-risk ratio of asset allocation, the Company increased its resources and investment in research and
      improved investment capabilities of standardised financial assets. Wealth management capital flows were directed
      towards the real economy resulting in positive social benefits. With respect to bonds assets, the Company adhered
      to the principle of “independent investment first, entrusted investment second” in the related investment. As at
      the end of the reporting period, wealth management funds invested in the bond market totalled RMB1,257.112
      billion, and the proportion of bond assets rose 7.36 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
      year. With respect to credit assets, the Company grasped the trend towards investing in standardised assets in the
      market and vigorously supported standardised asset investments including asset securitisation programs. As at the
      end of the reporting period, balance of investment in asset securitisation products financed by wealth management
      funds amounted to RMB218.150 billion. While making non-standardised credit investments within the quota limit in
      strict compliance with the regulatory guidance, the balance of wealth management funds invested in non-standard
      assets of the Company amounted to RMB155.856 billion as at the end of the reporting period, and the quality of its
      non-standardised credit assets remained stable. With respect to equity assets, focusing on the strategic customers
      of the Company and the industrial leading companies, “Tou Rong Tong” business for listed companies was steadily
      carried out which catered to the full-range demand for investment and financing during the transformation and
      growth of enterprises with risk level being generally controllable.
      Fourthly, the Company constantly improved its risk management capability in asset management business according
      to the requirements of the new regulation. During the reporting period, the Company revised and improved the risk
      management systems of various asset management businesses, streamlined and optimised the asset management
      business process, strengthened the surveillance of market risk and credit risk at asset-end and product-end, and
      enhanced the independent liquidity management capability of the asset management business. By doing so, the
      Company continued to lay a strong foundation for post-investment management and improved the overall risk
      management capability of asset management business.
      For the analysis of the new policy on asset management business, please refer to section 3.9.1.




12
      Quasi net-value products represent products launched by the Company during the reporting period that basically meet the new net-value product
      management requirements of the New Regulation on Asset Management. The Company’s quasi net-value products can be transformed into net-value
      products that meet the requirements of the New Regulation on Asset Management following the independent custody transformation, rectification of
      maturity matching of underlying assets and investment concentration as well as adjustment of the valuation method to fair-value calculation of some
      underlying assets.
60   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Asset custody business
           In 2018, with the implementation of the New Regulation on Asset Management and supporting policies, the asset
           management business was directed back to its origin. As a result, the growth rate of assets under custody of the
           Bank declined. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was
           RMB12.35 trillion, 3.17% higher compared to the end of the previous year, and continued to rank second in the
           domestic custody industry (data from China Banking Association). During the reporting period, the Company realised
           a custodian fee income of RMB4.439 billion, down by 8.57% year-on-year, ranking the third in the domestic custody
           industry (data from China Banking Association).
           During the reporting period, the Company put more efforts into marketing custody products such as mutual fund
           under custody, insurance products and pensions. It obtained the qualification of depositary under the CBIRC’s Pilot
           Program of Depositary Receipts, consolidating the market position of the Company in the domestic custody industry.
           Thanks to its continuous optimisation of functions of the custodian system and business processes, the Company
           became the first bank in the industry to officially release the custodian Big Data platform, and was also the first to
           achieve the robot process automation technology (RPA) for applications in the custody business, allowing its custody
           systems to outperform its industrial peers. The Company’s “Risk Management System for Custodian Big Data
           Platform” was awarded the first prize in the “Golden Idea” program initiated by CBIRC. The Company implemented
           whole life cycle management of custody products, effectively guarded against risks to which custody business
           exposed to, and effectively fulfilled the responsibilities of custodian.
           Financial markets business
           In 2018, facing the complexity and difficulties of the global economy, the Chinese economy was under downward
           pressure and the interest rate of the RMB bond market fell sharply. The volatility of the foreign exchange market
           intensified, with the US dollar depreciating first and then appreciating while the RMB exchange rate experiencing the
           reverse trend subsequently, which made the annual fluctuation amplitude exceed 7,300 basis points and recorded
           the maximum fluctuation since the 1994 exchange rate reform. By adjusting the position structure, scaling up the
           duration, and vigorously carrying out innovative business and implementing other strategies to actively hedge and
           smooth out the market volatility, the Company has achieved good returns.
           With respect to RMB bond investment, the Company moderately extended the portfolio duration of RMB bonds
           investment through in-depth study of domestic monetary policies and macroeconomic situation and seized the
           opportunities brought by the downward trend of the RMB bond interest rate. Meanwhile, the Company actively
           adjusted the position structure of banking accounts in order to improve the portfolio return and prevent the
           occurrence of credit risk events. With respect to foreign currency bonds investment, in the context of the Fed’s
           interest rate hike, the Company appropriately shortened the portfolio duration of foreign currency bonds investment
           through close tracking of the monetary policies of the major countries and based on logical judgment of the
           international economic situation and market trends, so as to avoid the impact of increased interest rate of foreign
           currency bond market. The Company also grasped the opportunities arising from fluctuation in the spread of credit
           bonds and increased their range trading operation to effectively improve portfolio yields.
           In 2018, the trading volume of RMB bonds of the Company reached RMB6.71 trillion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 458.76%; the trading volume of RMB exchange rate swaps reached USD763.884 billion, basically
           remaining the same as the previous year; the trading volume of RMB-denominated options of the Company had
           reached USD158.356 billion in the interbank market, representing a year-on-year increase of 59.87%; the trading
           volume of wholesale customer derivatives had reached USD179.515 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           84.30%; the trading volume of interest rate swap business reached RMB4.83 trillion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 170.86%. According to the data from the China Foreign Exchange Trade System, the percentage of the
           trading volume of RMB options of the Company ranked first in the interbank market.
China Merchants Bank       III Report of the Board of Directors                                                               61
Annual Report 2018


3.10.3 Distribution channels
      The Company provides products and services via multiple distribution channels. Our distribution channels mainly
      consist of physical distribution channels and e-banking channels.
      Physical distribution channels
      The efficiently operated distribution network of the Company is primarily located in the major economic centers
      of China such as Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Bohai Rim, and certain large- and medium-sized cities
      in other regions. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 137 branches, 1,673 sub-branches, one
      dedicated branch-level operation center (credit card center), one representative office, 3,259 self-service centers,
      10,316 self-service machines (including 1,212 automatic teller machines and 9,104 deposit-taking and cash
      withdrawal machines) and 12,897 visual counters in more than 130 cities of Mainland China. The Company also
      has a branch in Hong Kong; a branch and a representative office in New York, the United States; a branch and a
      representative office in London, the UK; a branch in Singapore; a branch in Luxembourg; a representative office in
      Taipei and a branch in Sydney, Australia.
      E-banking channels
      The Company values highly on the development, improvement and integration of e-banking channels, which serve to
      effectively relieve pressure on physical outlets of the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
      replacement rate of comprehensive service counter through the retail electronic channel was 98.24%; the rate of
      rerouting customers from the service counters to visual counters was 88.10%; and the Company’s replacement rate
      of transaction settlement through the whole-sale electronic channel was 92.96%.
      Major retail e-banking channels
      CMB APP
      During the reporting period, the Company launched CMB APP 7.0 to build a leading financial technology ecosystem
      in the banking industry on the basis of “connectivity”, “management” and “smart service”. There were material
      upgradings in income and expenditure books, city services, fund channels, community upgrades and smart services,
      with up to 149 functions optimised to provide open and caring integrated financial services to nearly 80,000,000
      users, making it the most dynamic e-channel of the Company.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the number of CMB APP users in aggregate was 78,270,400, with 41,508,000
      monthly active users, a total number of 4.580 billion logins and the average monthly logins of 11.94 per user during
      the reporting period. Meanwhile, the CMB APP transaction volume has been increasing rapidly, with 1,382 million
      APP transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB30.76 trillion during the reporting period, up by 33.91%
      and 72.13% respectively, as compared with the previous year. Among all these transactions, the number of wealth
      management transactions originated by 5,075,000 wealth management customers using CMB APP accounted for
      79.37% of the Bank’s total number of wealth management transactions, and a total wealth management sales value
      reached RMB6.26 trillion, representing an increase of 41.31% as compared with the previous year, and comprised
      59.11% of the Bank’s total wealth management sales.
      CMB Life APP for Credit Card
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to focus on upgrading mobile service capabilities with
      a customer-oriented vision, CMB Life APP as the platform and technology as impetus, while focusing on
      high-frequency daily consumption scenarios and creating quality life so as to lead the transformation of the credit
      card industry. As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of CMB Life APP users was 70,027,300, of
      which non-credit card users accounted for 24.38%. During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily
      active users of CMB Life APP reached 7,944,100, the number of monthly active users was 39,538,700, among which
      young customers accounted for over 70%. In terms of the number and online activity of customers, CMB Life APP
      continued to outperform other credit card APPs in the banking industry. At the same time, the Company actively
      explored the mobile value output model with high-contribution and high-efficiency to facilitate customer acquisition
      and achieved breakthrough in operations. During the reporting period, the total number of credit card users of CMB
      Life APP reached 3,844,400, and consumer financial transactions successfully completed through CMB Life APP
      accounted for 49.47% of total consumer financial transactions, demonstrating further recognition of the strategic
      position of CMB Life APP.
62   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           Smart WeChat Customer Service
           The Company launched the “China Merchants Bank” WeChat Official Account as an important front for brand
           marketing and promotion of product functions. By integrating with hot issues to facilitate marketing and
           continuously enhancing brand penetration in young customer groups, the trust and popularity of targeting
           costumers to our products and the transformation efficiency was improved. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the “China Merchants Bank” WeChat Official Account had accumulated 16,544,300 followers.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company gained a total of 122 million fans through third-party credit
           card channels (mainly from WeChat, Alipay service window and official QQ account). The Company continued to
           develop our smart service portfolio: promoting an upgrade of AI technology-driven smart services, introducing a new
           interactive form and AI core; launching the service traffic oriented decision engine, speeding up the efficiency of
           two-way coordination between intelligent robots and service specialists; achieving an innovative full-service coverage
           from traditional channels, third-party service channels to emerging service channels through the application of
           a leading voiceprint recognition system, an audio big data analysis platform, intelligent service robots and smart
           speaker service admission, so as to accelerate the formation of the APP service ecological closed loop and improve
           the integrated online service experience.
           Direct banking
           The Company provides instant, comprehensive, prompt and professional services to its customers through remote
           methods such as telephone, network and video to meet their needs.
           In 2018, the Company constantly improved its service capability and customer experience. As a result, the manual
           telephone access ratio reached 98.52%; the percentage of manual telephone responses within 20 seconds reached
           96.61%; and the satisfaction ratio of its telephone customer service reached 99.69%. In order to keep abreast
           with the trend of its customers increasingly moving to the mobile Internet, the Company actively strengthened
           its network service capabilities. In 2018, the online interactive services accounted for 85.15% (referring to the
           proportion of text online services in various types of remote consulting services), the text online interactive services
           have become the mainstream of remote consulting services. At the same time, the Company accelerated the pace of
           evolution into intelligent services, deepened the training and learning of intelligent robots, and enhanced algorithm
           optimisation. In 2018, the intelligent self-services accounted for 74.71% (referring to the proportion of services
           undertaken by intelligent robots in various remote consulting services). In 2018, our visual counters received an
           average of 2,550,000 incoming calls per month, with the highest number of single day transactions exceeding
           143,000, showing high replacement effect of in-branch non-cash transactions.
           In 2018, the Company continued to facilitate the maintenance of gold card and Sunflower customer base for its
           direct banking, serving 1,920,000 gold card and Sunflower customers, with the cost of customer maintenance
           effectively reduced. The Company also actively supported the quality micro-finance customers, with 56,500
           micro-finance loans renewed, totalling RMB15.625 billion, with a retention rate of 82.40%.
           Major wholesale e-banking channels
           Online Corporate Banking
           By fully leveraging the traditional advantages of online corporate banking and continually strengthening the
           construction of customer base of online corporate banking, the Company promoted initiating “online banking
           service refreshment” program distinguished by “user experience reshaping”. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the number of online corporate banking customers of the Company had reached 1,688,900, representing an
           increase of 22.44% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which the number of monthly active
           customers was 823,400, representing an increase of 16.65% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           total number of online corporate banking transactions of the Company reached 346,043,200 and total value of
           transactions amounted to RMB124.09 trillion.
           CMB Corporate APP
           In August 2018, the Company launched “CMB Corporate APP”, a new enterprise-level mobile service platform,
           which focused on customer acquisition through flow redirection and in-depth management of SMEs. The Company
           also shared the basic business innovation system with online corporate banking customers to promote the
           construction of an open service platform. Since its launch, the number of customers of corporate mobile payment
           and its total number of transactions have grown rapidly. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of
           customers of CMB Corporate APP had reached 533,900; the number of transactions had reached 26,626,800 and
           total value of transactions amounted to RMB1,693.920 billion.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                63
Annual Report 2018


3.10.4 IT and R&D
      During the reporting period, adhering to construction of the Fintech bank, the Company improved its infrastructure
      capacity, enhanced its system construction and operational support, increased its efforts in Fintech talent cultivation
      and recruitment, set up the Fintech college, and commenced the all-round cultivation of Fintech talents. The business
      development of the entire Bank is supported by three software centers in Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Chengdu and
      two data centers in Shenzhen and Shanghai.
      With respect to basic platform construction, the Company accelerated structural transformation through Mobile
      Internet, Big Data, Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain and other cutting-edge technologies, and
      enhanced the concurrent application, big data calculation, high openness and high agility of application systems.
      With respect to the development of application systems, the Company launched CMB APP 7.0, CMB Life APP
      7.0 during the reporting period, leading Retail 3.0 transformation reform; it launched CMB Corporate APP 5.0,
      establishing the non-stop corporate service ecosystem; CBS APP 3.0 was put online, which satisfied the demand of
      mobile cash management of conglomerates; CMB Huijin (招銀匯金) APP was put online to provide an integrated
      trading and information service platform for retail customers. The Company promoted the construction of Outlet
      3.0 to improve the “network-based, digitised and intelligence-oriented” operation. The Company has formed a
      customer-centric financial service ecosystem through building a scenario development platform with some typical
      scenarios such as public transportation, parking, education and health-care and offering Fintech capabilities. With
      respect to overseas support, the Head Office managed and supported the construction and improvement of the
      core business systems and data warehouses of overseas branches, as well as the operation and maintenance of
      IT systems, which greatly reduced the IT costs of overseas branches, enhanced the capabilities of IT systems and
      effectively supported the business development of overseas branches. With respect to security and stability, the
      overall operation of the system was stable in the whole year, and the availability of the core accounting system
      and the backbone network kept ahead, with its system well-prepared and handling the transaction peaks with
      ease during the online shopping carnival of “Double 11 (11 November)” and the system support capability greatly
      improved. With respect to R&D management, the Company used technology agility to drive business agility and
      launched the Lean R&D Management System V1.0, so as to promote the in-depth integration of IT and businesses
      and constantly enhance its prompt response and delivery capability. With respect to “industry – university –
      science” partnership, the Company propelled “industry – university – science” partnership with Stanford University,
      The Wharton School, Tsinghua University, Chinese Academy of Science and Technology and Shanghai Jiaotong
      University to intensify research and innovation application of cutting-edge Fintech; it also joined hands with relevant
      partners to release the enterprise-level distributed database in an innovative way.



3.10.5 Overseas branches
      Hong Kong Branch
      Established in 2002, our Hong Kong Branch is the first branch duly established overseas by the Group. As a
      full-licensed bank and a registered institution with SFC, the Hong Kong Branch may engage in comprehensive
      commercial banking businesses, including wholesale banking and retail banking. With regard to wholesale banking,
      the Hong Kong Branch provides enterprises located in Hong Kong with diversified corporate banking products and
      services, such as deposits, settlement, trade facilities, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A portfolio
      solutions and asset custody, and engages in transaction of funds among financial institutions, bond trading and
      foreign exchange trading, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution customers.
      With respect to retail banking, the Hong Kong Branch proactively develops featured retail banking services and
      provides cross-border personal banking services and private wealth management services for individual customers
      in Hong Kong and Mainland China. These featured products are “Hong Kong All-in-one Card” and “Hong Kong
      Bank-Securities Express”.
64   China Merchants Bank       III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


           In 2018, by giving full play to its own characteristics and leveraging the advantages of Hong Kong’s status as an
           international financial center, the Hong Kong Branch actively served the “going global” strategy and focused on the
           strategic opportunities such as “The Belt and Road” initiative, “Internationalisation of RMB” and “Guangdong-Hong
           Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area”, greatly promoted cross-border business coordination, continually developed the
           local customer base, constantly expanded its market share, and provided customers with strong financial support
           and good service. Meanwhile, the Hong Kong Branch further strengthened risk compliance and internal basis
           management, constantly improved and innovated its product and service systems and strove to explore the asset
           operation model. As a result, all its businesses achieved healthy development. During the reporting period, the Hong
           Kong Branch realised net operating income of HK$3.323 billion and a profit before tax of HK$2.922 billion.
           New York Branch
           Established in 2008, the Company’s New York Branch represents the first branch of a Chinese bank approved in the
           U.S. since the US Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is located in the global
           financial center and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised by coordination
           between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the companies and
           high-net-value private banking customers in China and the U.S..
           In 2018, our New York Branch adhered to the principle of “taking compliance as a priority and maintaining steady
           operation” and aimed to build a featured cross-border financial platform. The New York Board made positive
           progress in expanding Sino-US cross-border business, developing local business, product innovation and customer
           accumulation, enabling it to achieve a steady growth in business and profits, laying a solid foundation for the
           subsequent business transformation. During the reporting period, our New York Branch realised net operating
           income of USD128 million and a profit before tax of USD53,270,000.
           Singapore Branch
           Established in 2013, our Singapore Branch is positioned as a significant cross-border financial platform in Southeast
           Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch takes two major businesses
           of cross-border finance and wealth management as its core and strives to provide all-round non-stop solutions
           for cross-border finance to the Chinese companies “going global” and the companies “brought in” located in
           Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. Its major services and products include: funds settlement, deposit
           service, foreign exchange trading, coordination financing, trade financing, M&A loans, syndicated loans, real estate
           trust leveraged financing and delisting financing. With respect to wealth management business, the Private Banking
           (Singapore) Center was officially launched in April 2017 to provide private banking products and value-added
           services with integrated investment and financing solutions, such as cash management, asset allocation and heritage
           of wealth to high-net-value customers.
           In 2018, the Singapore Branch adhered to the operating strategy of concurrent development of cross-border
           financing business and local business, and focused on the domestic strategic customers to “go global” from
           the Head Office and branches of the Company. Moreover, it actively studied the opportunities arising from the
           infrastructure construction projects of the countries involved in “The Belt and Road” initiative and seized the
           business opportunities. As a result, all its businesses achieved steady and healthy development. During the reporting
           period, our Singapore Branch realised the net operating income of USD22,960,000 and a profit before tax of
           USD2,450,000.
           Luxembourg Branch
           Established in 2015, the Luxembourg Branch of the Company is positioned as an important cross-border financial
           platform in European continent. It provides diversified services including corporate deposits, corporate loans,
           project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A advisory, bond underwriting and asset management for the
           Chinese enterprises “going global” and the enterprises “brought in” from Europe. It is committed to establishing an
           operational platform of the Company in Europe on the basis of the superior businesses of the parent bank combined
           with the special advantages of Luxembourg.
           In 2018, the Luxembourg Branch adapted itself to changes in the relevant policies, grasped market opportunities
           and achieved steady business growth through efficient services and close cooperation with other banks and financial
           institutions at home and abroad. During the reporting period, our Luxembourg Branch realised net operating income
           of €15,470,000 and a profit before tax of €2,340,000.
           London Branch
           Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved directly to be established in
           the United Kingdom among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks and also the first branch established in the
           United Kingdom directly by a bank in Mainland China since the founding of the PRC. It mainly focuses on corporate
           banking business and provides customers with diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposits,
           loans (including bilateral loans, syndicated loans and cross-border M&A financing), settlement and asset custody. It
           also engages in interbank transaction of funds, bonds and foreign exchange trading, and conducts funds clearing
           and asset transfer with other financial institution customers. For nearly three years since its establishment, our
           London Branch has operated in compliance with regulatory requirements. Its business has developed steadily.
           In 2018, our London Branch carried on its innovative business development. It derived a considerable amount of
           foreign exchange trading business on behalf of customers through asset business besides proceeding traditional
           businesses such as accepting guarantees from domestic enterprise as security for loans granted to overseas entity
           and accepting guarantees from overseas entity as security for loans granted to domestic enterprise, but also in
           terms of new business offerings such as time deposits, mortgage loans, development loans, standby L/C re-issuance
           and confident letter issuance. During the reporting period, our London Branch realised an net operating income of
           USD19,290,000 and a profit before tax of USD8,950,000.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                65
Annual Report 2018


      Sydney Branch
      Established in 2017, the Sydney Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in Australia
      among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks. Relying on the economic and trade exchanges between China and
      Australia, it proactively participates in the extensive cooperation between the two countries in the fields of energy,
      minerals, trade and infrastructure development, facilitates the cooperation between the enterprises of the two
      countries, proactively serves and promotes the economic exchange and development of the two countries, and offers
      its customers the diversified financial products and services such as cross-border corporate finance, funds clearing,
      financial market, trade finance and cash management. The establishment of the Sydney Branch further expanded
      and improved the Company’s global presence, forming a global service network across four continents: Asia, Europe,
      America and Australia.
      In 2018, on the basis of compliant operation, the Sydney Branch endeavored to promote various business
      developments, and proactively established a steady and sustainable development model with its own features.
      During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch realised the net operating income of AUD10,830,000 and recorded
      a pre-tax loss of AUD7,170,000.



3.10.6 CMB Wing Lung Group
      Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HK$1.161 billion as at the end of the reporting
      period, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. The principal operations of CMB Wing
      Lung Bank and its subsidiaries comprise deposit-taking, lending, private banking and wealth management,
      investment, securities, credit cards, NET banking, mobile banking, global cash management, syndicated loans,
      corporate financing, documentary bills, leasing and hire purchase loans, foreign exchange, insurance agency,
      mandatory provident fund, insurance brokerage and general insurance underwriting, property management and
      trustee, nominee and asset management services. At present, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a total of 35 banking
      offices in Hong Kong, four branches and sub-branches in Mainland China, one branch in Macau, and two overseas
      branches, located respectively in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the United States. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the total number of employees of CMB Wing Lung Group is 1,935.
      In 2018, CMB Wing Lung Group posted an attributable profit to shareholders of HK$3.219 billion and achieved
      an operating income of HK$6.188 billion, of which net interest income was HK$4.765 billion and net non-interest
      income was HK$1.423 billion. The cost-to-income ratio was 35.05%.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HK$314.478 billion.
      Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$35.432 billion. Total loans and advances to customers
      (including trade bills) amounted to HK$162.466 billion. Deposits from customers amounted to HK$221.329 billion.
      The loan-to-deposit ratio was 68.59%. The non-performing loan ratio (including trade bills) was 0.52%. The total
      capital ratio was 17.98%, and the average liquidity coverage ratio for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 166.28%, all
      above the regulatory requirements.
      For detailed financial information on CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2018 annual report of CMB Wing
      Lung Bank, which is published on the website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).



3.10.7 CMB Financial Leasing
      CMB Financial Leasing is one of the five pilot bank-affiliated financial leasing firms approved by the State Council.
      It was established in March 2008 and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB6.0
      billion and 267 employees. CMB Financial Leasing has adhered to its operation and development strategy of
      “internationalisation, professionalisation and differentiation”, carried out its international presence of aircraft and
      vessel assets, upgraded key national equipment manufacturing under the professional support, responded to the
      construction of “The Belt and Road” initiative by provision of differentiated service and launched the financial
      solutions for the ten sectors of aviation, shipping, urban transportation, high-end equipment, public utilities, energy
      saving and environmental protection, clean energy, health culture, emerging industries and leasing. It satisfies
      different needs in respect of procurement of equipment, promotion of sales, revitalisation of assets, balancing of tax
      liabilities and improvement of financial structure.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing amounted to RMB171.296 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB17.944 billion. It realised net profit of RMB2.215 billion during the reporting
      period.
66   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.10.8 CMB International Capital
           Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong, with
           a registered capital of HK$4.129 billion and 436 employees. At present, the business scope of CMB International
           Capital and its subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, stocks and
           structured finance.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HK$23.571 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to HK$7.805 billion. It realised net profit of HK$756 million during the reporting period.
           During the reporting period, CMB International Capital had a market share of approximately 5.9% in terms of IPO
           underwriting in Hong Kong, ranking first (public data from Bloomberg).

     3.10.9 China Merchants Fund
           Established on 27 December 2002, China Merchants Fund had a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion and 397
           employees (excluding those of its subsidiaries). As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 55% of
           equity interests in China Merchants Fund. The business scope of China Merchants Fund covers fund establishment,
           fund management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB6.612 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to RMB4.872 billion. The total size of the asset management business (including China
           Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries) amounted to RMB944.414 billion. It realised net profit of RMB894 million
           during the reporting period.



     3.10.10 CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance was established in Shenzhen in August 2003, and is the first Sino-foreign joint venture
           life insurance company established after China’s entry into the World Trade Organisation (WTO), with a registered
           capital of RMB2.8 billion and 3,266 employees. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 50%
           of equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance is mainly engaged in insurance
           businesses such as life insurance, health insurance and accident injury insurance, as well as the reinsurance of the
           above insurances.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB45.332
           billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB5.783 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           realised a premium income of RMB15.062 billion. It realised net profit of RMB1.045 billion during the reporting
           period.



     3.11 Risk management
           The Company stepped up the construction of a risk management system focusing on risk-adjusted value creation
           under the principles of “Comprehensive, Professional, Independent and Balanced Management”. The Risk and
           Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most
           significant bank-wide risk management policies on risk preferences, strategies, policies and authorisations approved
           by the Board of Directors.
           During the reporting period, against the backdrop of complicated and volatile economic environment at home and
           abroad and the increasing risk in bank operations, the Company continued to improve its overall risk management
           system and proactively overcome and prevent all kinds of risk.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                  67
Annual Report 2018


3.11.1 Credit risk management
      Firstly, making steady progress in the development of a comprehensive risk management system while
      improving the concentrated customer risk management mechanism. The Company has been optimising the
      risk preference conveyance and management mechanism; co-ordinating overall planning and steadily promoting
      the consolidated management of affiliated institutions; improving the cross-financial risk management structure
      and its mechanisms, establishing various market tracking and monitoring mechanisms; standardising product
      innovation management, fortifying the approval and management for counterparties and cooperative institutions;
      strengthening identification of major risk as well as assessment and management mechanisms. Secondly, building
      an industry research system for new growth engines while consolidating the customer base. The Company
      has set up an industry research center, built an industry research system, and formulated industrial credit policies,
      loan approval standards and targeted customer lists for 12 new growth engines, carried out name list management
      for the strategic customers of the Head Office and branches as well as customers of industries from which our
      loans should be reduced and recovered, and established a future-oriented, sustainable and health customer base.
      Thirdly, fully implementing the allowance policy for expected credit loss under IFRS 9. The Company has
      achieved the refined management of risk costs based on customer ratings and debt ratings, guided credit resource
      allocation and customer selection with risk pricing mechanism, and gradually established a customer-centric risk
      management perspective. Fourthly, consolidating the management foundation while constantly promoting
      the whole-process credit optimisation. By organising special group of experts, sorting out and optimising key
      processes of credit operation, the Company has reconstructed its credit process management system and completed
      the supporting system revision and authorisation adjustment, thus reinforcing the whole-process of risk management
      and control. Fifthly, using Fintech services to enhance the quality and efficiency of risk management. The
      Company introduced Big Data and Fintech, strengthened the knowledge graph system of internal and external
      data visualisation, stressed on customer risk control, enhanced capabilities of risk identification, and improved
      the automation, process, specialisation and centralisation of risk management processes. Sixthly, strengthening
      the control and follow up on asset quality and risk screening while preventing and controlling risks in a
      perspective manner. Adhering to careful screening of risks in respect of major corporate customers, the Company
      implemented the “different policy for each customer” control measures, and conducted regular inspections
      to achieve “early pre-warning and early disposal”. Attaching importance to overdue loans and tightening its
      control on them, the Company optimised risk reporting mechanisms and strategies to enhance the sensitivity and
      perspectiveness of risk identification. Seventhly, increasing the channels for disposal of non-performing assets
      while accelerating the disposal of risk assets. The Company has been strengthening clearing and collection
      of non-performing assets in cash while continuously promoting the write-off of non-performing assets and
      securitisation of assets, proactively exploring debt-to-equity conversion, making use of a number of methods to
      manage risk assets and continuously improving its non-performing assets management capability.
      During the reporting period, the Company’s non-performing loans have been further reduced and asset quality has
      been effectively controlled through the above-mentioned measures. For more information about the Company’s
      credit risk management, please refer to Note 61(a) to the financial statements.


3.11.2 Management of large-scale risk exposure
      In accordance with the “Management Measures for Large-Scale Risk Exposure of Commercial Banks” (CBIRC Order
      2018 No. 1) ( 《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》 (銀保監會2018年1號令)) issued by the CBIRC, large-scale risk
      exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading
      book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier
      1 capital. The Company has incorporated large-scale risk exposure management into its overall risk management
      system, and measured and dynamically monitored changes in large-scale risk exposure, so as to effectively
      controlled customer concentration risks. As at the end of the reporting period, other than customers with regulatory
      exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single financial
      institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards of
      large-scale risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.


3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of economic, political and social changes and developments in a country or region
      that may cause borrowers or debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations
      to banks, or incur loss to commercial presences of banks in that country or region, or other loss to banks in that
      country or region. Country risk may arise from deteriorating economic conditions, political and social upheavals,
      nationalisation or expropriation of assets, government repudiation of external indebtedness, foreign exchange
      controls and currency depreciation in a country or region.
      The Company has incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system. In accordance
      with relevant regulatory requirements, the Company dynamically monitored the change in its country risk profile,
      used its sovereign rating model to set limit on its country risk with reference to external rating results, and evaluated
      its country risk and made allowances on a quarterly basis. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets of the
      Company exposed to the country risk remained insignificant, and this indicated low country risk ratings. Moreover,
      we have made adequate allowances for country risk according to the regulatory requirements. As a result, the
      country risk will not have material effect on the operations of the Company.
68   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.11.4 Market risk management
           The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
           risk are the major market risks facing the Company.
           Interest rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses various risk indicators, including volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering
           interest rate risk factors of various currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress
           testing loss indicators, interest rate sensitivity indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure and manage
           the interest rate risk of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses
           under the trading book, and are comprised of around 110 yield curves of interest rates or bonds. VaR includes
           general VaR and stress VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation model and adopt a confidence
           coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress
           testing scenario includes the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and
           various unfavorable market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among which, the
           extreme interest rate scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavorable conditions
           of the market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the change in the market
           value of bonds and interest rate derivatives when an interest rate fluctuates unfavorably by 1 basis point. As for daily
           risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses
           under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board
           of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the market risk management department is responsible for daily
           monitoring and continuous reporting.
           Since 2018, domestic economic growth momentum has weakened; GDP growth rate has declined; corporate
           financing chains have tightened; credit bond defaults have increased. The international situation has become
           increasingly complicated. External factors such as Sino-US trade frictions, changes in the US economy and overseas
           stock markets have also increased market turbulence. Under this situation, the central bank maintained a reasonably
           sufficient level of funds through targeted interest rate cut and open market operations, and the short-term market
           interest rate decreased significantly. However, due to the overall downward pressure on the fundamental economy,
           the long-term interest rate had a relatively small downward trend. The differentiation in credit spread further
           intensified, and the medium and low rating credit spreads expanded significantly. In respect of overseas, the US
           macroeconomic performance was strong. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates four times during the year, and
           the yield of USD bonds showed an upward trend throughout the year.
           The investment scope of the trading book of the Company focused on RMB bonds, especially domestic interest rate
           bonds, and had strict control on credit bond investments. Under the general recovery of the domestic bond market,
           the investment portfolio for trading book of the Company received good returns, and various interest rate risk
           indicators were within the target range.
           Banking book
           The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario
           simulation and other methods to measure and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The
           re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities;
           the duration analysis monitors the duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets
           and liabilities of the whole Bank; the benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between
           different pricing benchmark interest rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such
           curves based on the benchmark-correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation
           is the major approach for the Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprise a
           number of ordinary scenarios and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move
           and the change in the shape of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible
           changes in interest rates in the future as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the
           future one year and the changes in economic value (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario
           of changes in interest rates. The NII fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included
           into the interest rate risk limit system of the whole Bank.
           In 2018, the central bank cut the benchmark interest rate four times, and the market yield rate showed a high-
           trend at the beginning and a low-trend at the end for the whole year. Among which, the medium-to-long term
           yields reduced significantly with narrowed spreads between interest rates with different durations. The Company
           closely monitored the change of external interest rate environment and conducted in-depth analysis and forecast
           on the market interest rate development through macro-modeling while making flexible adjustment to the strategy
           of the proactive management of interest rate risks. In terms of asset investment, the Company proactively extended
           the durations of RMB bonds investments; in terms of liability management, the Company fully utilised the favorable
           conditions of monetary policy to maintain “reasonably adequate”, rationally arranged active liabilities, replaced
           high-cost liabilities, and effectively managed the interest rate risk of the Company during the interest cut period.
           The results of stress test also showed that the various indicators stayed within the limits and prewarning values, and
           the banking account interest rate risks were at a relatively low level.
           In 2018, in accordance with the Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of Banking Book of Commercial
           Banks (Revised) issued by the CBIRC, the Company has completed the comprehensive consolidation and revision
           of the existing interest rate risk policy system and operating procedures for internal banking book, and has fully
           satisfied the regulatory requirements in measurement methods, quantitative risk level, system building and modeling.
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                 69
Annual Report 2018


      Exchange rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses the risk indicators such as risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering
      foreign exchange rate risk factors of various currencies related to the trading book business), the loss indicator for
      exchange rate scenario stress test, exchange rate sensitivity indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk
      measurement and daily management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on
      spot and forward prices in all transaction currencies under the trading book. VaR includes general VaR and stress
      VaR, which are both calculated using historical simulation model and adopt a confidence coefficient of 99%, an
      observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange rate stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%,
      15% or more adverse changes in each of transaction currency against RMB, changed volatility of foreign exchange
      options. Major exchange rate sensitivity indicators are Delta, Gamma, Vega and other indicators for exchange rate
      derivatives. For daily management, we set annual limits on authority associated with exchange rate risks under the
      trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business
      planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to
      perform daily monitoring and on-going reporting.
      In 2018, the US economic data recorded strong performance, and the Federal Reserve raised interest rates several
      times, which constituted a strong driving force for the US Dollar index. Under the factors of Sino-US trade friction,
      overseas stock market turmoil, and downturns of emerging markets, the overall fluctuation of the exchange rate
      market intensified. For the whole year, the US Dollar index rose by 4.68%, and the USD RMB spot exchange rate fell
      by 5.43%. The volatility of the offshore and onshore exchange rate with various durations increased, and the daily
      maximum change of the USD RMB spot exchange rate reached 664bps.
      Under this background, the Company mainly relied on foreign exchange trading business on behalf of customers to
      obtain stable spread income, and strengthened the control of the limit indicators such as the exposure of proprietary
      business, sensitivity index and stop-loss, and all exchange rate risk indicators of trading book were within the target
      range.
      Banking book
      The data for measurement of exchange rate risk of banking book of the Company was derived mainly from
      database, and the Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress
      test, and other methods for measurement and analysis. The foreign exchange exposure measurement primarily uses
      the short-sided method and the correlation approach; scenario simulation and stress test analysis are two important
      exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for managing foreign exchange rate risk in respect of
      fluctuation of all currency exchange rates, including the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and
      stress scenario. Based on the forward exchange rate fluctuation and the scenario of historical extreme fluctuations,
      each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or loss. The effects of certain scenarios on the
      profit or loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit indicator are incorporated into daily management. The
      Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant model parameters on a regular basis to verify the
      effectiveness of measurement models.
      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
      foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for overall
      auditing of our exchange rate risk.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
      analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and
      proposed a balance sheet optimisation plan as a reasonable reference for the management’s decision-making. In
      2018, the exchange rate fluctuation range of the RMB increased significantly. In the face of the new international
      economic landscape, the Company strengthened its analysis of the macro-economy in the United States and Sino-U.
      S. trade frictions, and further optimised measurement of the exchange risks. The Company had a prudent exchange
      rate appetite, and the size of foreign exchange exposure was at a relatively low level. At present, the exchange rate
      risk of the Company is generally stable, with all the core limit indicators, general scenario and stress testing results
      satisfying the regulatory requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 61(b) to the financial
      statements.
70   China Merchants Bank               III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018


     3.11.5 Operational risk management
           Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or failed internal procedures, incompetent
           personnel or IT systems of the Company, or external events.
           During the reporting period, in order to prevent loss arising from systematic operational risk and material operational
           risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management. Firstly, the Company strengthened the
           control of risks associated with key areas. The Company continued with its risk monitoring and evaluation of key
           areas, made timely risk warnings for problems, and put forward management proposals. Secondly, the Company
           optimised and improved its management tools. Through the inspection of key risk indicators, the Company
           examined and adjusted indicators from various perspectives. Thirdly, the Company strengthened the management of
           outsourcing-related risk from the top-level deployment. The Company further improved its outsourcing-related risk
           management mechanism, standardised the management of outsourcing projects, conducted on-site risk assessment
           for outsourced suppliers in key areas, and urged them to implement the rectification. Fourthly, the Company
           strengthened the management of risks related to compliance in credit investigation. The Company organised the
           whole Bank to conduct self-inspection, self-correction and on-site inspection on credit investigation compliance, and
           further strengthened credit investigation compliance and information security management. Fifthly, the Company
           strengthened the management of information technology risk. New availability indicators of important systems were
           added so as to achieve full coverage monitoring of the Company’s important system availability, conduct analysis on
           operation of important systems, IT project launches and external IT risk events, and strengthen information security
           management and control. Sixthly, the Company accelerated the establishment of business continuity management
           system. The Company promoted the development of business continuity drills and strengthened emergency
           switching drills for important operating systems.



     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           The Company’s cautious attitude towards liquidity risk is more appropriate for the current development stage of
           the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies and systems of the Company are basically in line with
           regulatory requirements and its own management requirements.
           In 2018, the central bank maintained a prudent and neutral monetary policy and the liquidity remained reasonably
           adequate. The liquidity of the Company was basically in line with that of the market, and overall liquidity was
           relatively stable due to steady growth in deposits from customers and the progressive investment of assets. As at the
           end of the reporting period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio was 137.99%13, representing 37.99 percentage
           points higher than the minimum requirement of CBIRC. The stress test14 conducted for local currency and foreign
           currencies at light, medium and heavy levels all reached their respective minimum sustainable requirements of no less
           than 30 days, leading to a better contingency buffer capacity for both local currency and foreign currencies. 11%
           (2017: 15%) of the total RMB deposits and 5% (2017: 5%) of the total foreign currency deposits were required to
           be placed with the PBOC.
           In response to the market environment and the liquidity profile of the Company, the Company implemented the
           following measures to enhance liquidity management. Firstly, the Company continued to optimise the asset and
           liability structure, promoted the growth of proprietary deposits through various measures, and increased the efforts
           in matching of growth in deposits and loans. Secondly, the Company strengthened active liability management,
           coordinated active liability instruments such as central bank financing instrument and financial bond issuance, and
           flexibly arranged active liability policy according to its own liquidity need and market trend. Thirdly, the Company
           conducted in-depth refined forward-looking liquidity risk management. By using quantitative modeling and dynamic
           measurement and calculation, the Company enhanced its research and judgment in macro-economy and the
           dynamic prediction on the liquidity of the whole Bank, so as to improve proactive risk management and proactively
           lay down investment and financing strategies. Fourthly, the Company continuously improved the management of
           treasurer’s daily liquidity, optimised financing capability assessment mechanism and fund gap prediction measures,
           and further strengthened the refined management of funding positions. Fifthly, the Company strengthened
           liquidity risk management of business lines. Specifically, as for standalone business lines such as bills business and
           wealth management business, the Company set separate liquidity risk limit and enhanced the duration matching
           management of its assets and liabilities.
           In 2018, in accordance with the Administrative Measures on Liquidity Risk of Commercial Banks formally issued
           by the CBIRC, the Company has completed the comprehensive consolidation and revision of the liquidity risk
           management policy system, and has fully satisfied the regulatory requirements in internal management procedures,
           measurement and monitoring of risks.
           Please refer to Note 61(c) to the financial statements for more details of the liquidity risk management of the
           Company.

     13
           The liquidity coverage ratio is an external regulatory indicator – the legal person calibre
     14
           The stress test is the Company’s internal management indicator – the domestic calibre
China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                 71
Annual Report 2018


3.11.7 Reputational risk management
      Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant interested parties
      due to the Company’s operations, management and other activities or external incidents.
      Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance and the overall risk management
      system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by the Company and
      its subsidiaries. The Company established the reputational risk management system and formulated relevant
      requirements and took initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and respond to any reputational
      incidents, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.
      During the reporting period, the Company developed and launched domestic and overseas public opinion monitoring
      and management system, which realised 7*24 hours of network-wide public opinion monitoring and real-time
      dynamic data analysis, which effectively improved public opinion monitoring efficiency and optimised the linked
      responding process of the Head Office and branches. The Company strengthened forward-looking management
      of reputational risks, timely made pre-warning for incidents where reputational risks may occur, and formulated
      reputational risk plans in advance. Also, the Company carried out reputational risk management training and drills in
      line with new communication trends, and strengthened the awareness of reputational risks of all employees under
      the background of “everyone is media”, so as to reduce the chances of occurrence of negative public opinions.


3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of the Company being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material
      financial losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Board
      of Directors of the Company is ultimately responsible for the compliance of the operating activities, and delegates
      the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors to supervise the compliance risk
      management. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is the supreme organisation
      to manage compliance risk of the whole company under the senior management. The Company has established
      a comprehensive and effective compliance risk management system, optimised the organisational management
      structure which comprises the risk and compliance management committees, compliance supervisors, compliance
      officers and Legal and Compliance Departments under the Head Office and its branches, and compliance supervisors
      at branch and sub-branch levels, improved the three lines of defense for compliance risk management and the
      double-line reporting mechanism, and achieved effective management and control of compliance risk by improving
      the operation mechanism of the compliance risk management and the risk management expertise and processes.
      During the reporting period, confronting the situation of stringent and strict regulatory requirements, the Company
      proactively adapted to the adjustments in regulatory policies, accurately grasped the direction of compliance, and
      ensured the dissemination of regulatory requirements. The Company vigorously promoted the implementation of
      various internal control and compliance management measures, and further improved the long-term mechanism
      of its internal compliance management. In accordance with the regulatory requirements and in line with the actual
      situation of the Company, the Company formulated and issued Guiding Opinions for 2018 Internal Control and
      Compliance Work of the Bank to effectively guide the internal compliance management throughout the whole
      Bank, completed in-depth rectification of “market disorders in the banking industry” and other rectification works
      assigned by the CBIRC in a timely and orderly manner, strengthened the understanding of polices and the circulation
      and delivery of new regulations, and identified, assessed, mitigated and dissolved the compliance risks associated
      with new products, new businesses and major projects. The Company adopted various measures to strengthen
      employee behavior management, proactively implemented multi-level compliance education and training, promoted
      the “Compliance Courses of Branch Leaders and Compliance Officers” and “Compliance Seminars of Sub-branch
      Leaders and Compliance Supervisors” activities in an orderly manner, formulated and issued training materials such
      as employee compliance and warning cases, enhanced the employee’s compliance concept and awareness, continued
      to conduct comprehensive compliance inspections, thoroughly analysed the causes of problems, followed up and
      supervised the rectification, and continuously improved the internal compliance management at all levels.


3.11.9 Anti-money laundering management
      The Company has established a relatively sound anti-money laundering internal control system. The Company has
      formulated a full set of anti-money laundering management system based on the requirements of relevant laws
      and regulations on anti-money laundering and its own actual conditions. It has also developed and launched a
      comparatively sound anti-money laundering management system, established a comparatively sound anti-money
      laundering monitoring system, and had a dedicated anti-money laundering team to ensure the sound operation of
      business throughout the Bank.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively fulfilled its anti-money laundering duties and took various
      measures to ensure the compliance and effectiveness of its anti-money laundering. These measures included but not
      limited to accelerating the improvement of the anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing risk management
      system of the Company in accordance to the “Guidelines for Risk Management of Money Laundering and Terrorism
      Financing for Legal Entities of Financial Institutions (Trial)” (Yin Fan Xi Fa [2018] No. 19), continuously carrying out
      “risk elimination”, conducting in-depth inspection on various types of money laundering risks; improving the due
      diligence procedures of customers, implementing Notice of the People’s Bank of China on Strengthening the Work
      of Identifying Anti-Money Laundering Customers (Yin Fa [2017] 235) and other regulatory policies; continuously
      strengthening the management and control of high-risk customers, implementing the follow-up risk control
      measures for suspicious transactions reported; actively promoting the application of new technologies in the field of
      anti-money laundering, continuing to optimise the anti-money laundering system; and continuously strengthening
      anti-money laundering management of business and products to ensure that anti-money laundering risk control is
      effectively embedded in business systems and processes.
72   China Merchants Bank              III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018



     3.12 Profit appropriation
     3.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2018
           10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2018 of RMB75.232 billion, equivalent to RMB7.523 billion,
           was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the total balance of the risk assets, equivalent to
           RMB6.028 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve. Based on the then total share capital of A Shares and H
           Shares on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposes to declare a cash
           dividend of RMB0.94 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the
           register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual
           appropriation amount in HKD will be calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark rates to be released by
           the PBOC for the week before the date of the general meeting (inclusive of the day of the general meeting). The
           retained profit will be carried forward to the next year. In 2018, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve
           into share capital. The above proposal of profit appropriation is subject to consideration and approval at the 2018
           Annual General Meeting of the Company.
           For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
           the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2018 Annual General
           Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2018, the Company will make further
           announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
           Shareholders will be completed by 27 August 2019.

     3.12.2 Profit appropriation for the last three years
                                                                                                                           Net profit           Proportion of
                                                                                                                         attributable              cash bonus
                                                                                                                           to holders            to net profit
                                                                             Number of                                    of ordinary             attributable
                                                                        shares issued on                                shares in the               to holders
                                   Number of                            capitalisation of           Total cash          consolidated               of ordinary
                                 bonus shares       Cash dividend        surplus reserve            dividends                financial           shares in the
                               for every share     for every share       for every share         (inclusive of       statements for              consolidated
                                  held (No. of      held (inclusive         held (No. of      tax, in millions           the year (in                 financial
           Year                        shares)     of tax, in RMB)                shares)             of RMB)       millions of RMB)          statements (%)
           2016                                –                0.74                      –             18,663                  62,081                   30.06
           2017                                –                0.84                      –             21,185                  70,150                   30.20
           2018(note)                          –                0.94                      –             23,707                  78,901                   30.05

           Note:    The profit appropriation plan for 2018 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
China Merchants Bank          III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                73
Annual Report 2018


3.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
      1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
             of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
             (1)       profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of the investors,
                       and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability;
             (2)       the Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                       it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                       and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                       the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                       investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                       Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                       net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                       PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                       resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorized
                       by the shareholder at a general meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation plan;
             (3)       if the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did
                       not make any cash profit appropriation proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the
                       Company shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in
                       the periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard;
             (4)       if the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the
                       size of share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the Board
                       of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the same
                       upon consideration and approval at a general meeting, provided that the abovementioned cash profit
                       appropriation requirements are satisfied;
             (5)       the Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                       domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                       pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                       declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                       for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                       be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State;
             (6)       where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                       has been identified, the Company shall make deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to such
                       shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated; and
             (7)       the Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                       relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
      2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2017 was implemented in
             strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
             Ltd.. It was considered and approved by the 22nd meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors
             of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2017 Annual General Meeting. The
             criteria and proportion of cash dividend were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
             has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2018
             will also be implemented in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association
             of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. It will be considered and approved by the 40th meeting of the Tenth
             Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2018
             Annual General Meeting of the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have expressed their
             independent opinions on the profit appropriation plans for 2017 and 2018 that the profit appropriation plans
             of the Company and their implementation process have provided adequate protection for the legitimate
             rights and interests of minority investors.
74   China Merchants Bank        III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2018



     3.13 Requirements of the environmental, social and governance
          reporting guide
           During the reporting period, adhering to the social responsibility principle of “Gain from society and contribute to
           society”, the Company actively made contribution and fulfilled its social responsibilities on target poverty alleviation,
           green loans, support to SMEs, protection of consumers’ interests, public welfare and employee care. For more
           details, please refer to the “Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Bank for 2018”, which is
           available on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The
           relevant disclosures are in compliance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting
           Guide issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

     3.14 Compliance with relevant laws and regulations
           So far as the Board of Directors is aware, during the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material
           respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the operations of the Company.

     3.15 Management contracts
           No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
           the Company were entered into or existing during the year.

     3.16 Permitted indemnity provision
           The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal
           actions against its Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities.




           By order of the Board of Directors
           Li Jianhong
           Chairman of the Board of Directors
           22 March 2019
China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events                                                                                75
Annual Report 2018



Important Events

4.1 Principal business activities
      The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



4.2 Financial highlights
      Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



4.3 Shareholders’ equity
      For details of changes in shareholders’ equity of the Company, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of
      Changes in Shareholders’ Equity” in the financial statements.



4.4 Fixed assets
      Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 29 to the financial
      statements.



4.5 Purchase, sale or repurchase of listed securities of the Company
      Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
      during the reporting period.



4.6 Pre-emptive rights
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
      of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



4.7 Retirement and welfare
      Details about retirement and welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 40 to the
      financial statements.



4.8 Principal customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
      did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
76   China Merchants Bank         IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2018



     4.9 Interests and short positions of Directors, Supervisors and chief
         executives under Hong Kong laws and regulations
           As at 31 December 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
           the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
           (as defined in the SFO in Hong Kong), which are required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including interests and short positions which the
           Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
           the SFO, or which are required to be and are recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352
           of the SFO or as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
           Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:


                                                                                                                      Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                           of the        of total
                                                                                                                    relevant class        issued
                                                            Class of   Long/short                            No. of     of shares       ordinary
           Name             Position                        shares     position        Capacity              shares in issue (%)      shares (%)
           Tian Huiyu       Executive Director, President   A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     110,000       0.00053       0.00044
                              and Chief Executive Officer
           Li Hao           Executive Director, First       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     100,000       0.00048       0.00040
                              Executive Vice President
                              and Chief Financial Officer
           Zhou Song        Non-Executive Director          A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282       0.00011       0.00009
           Liu Yuan         Chairman of Board of            A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner      90,000       0.00044       0.00036
                              Supervisors, Employee
                              Supervisor
           Jin Qingjun      External Supervisor             A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner      65,800       0.00032       0.00026
           Wang Wanqing     Employee Supervisor             A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner      60,000       0.00029       0.00024
           Huang Dan        Employee Supervisor             A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner      45,000       0.00022       0.00018



     4.10 Directors’ interests in the businesses competing with those of the
          Company
           So far as the Company is aware, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
           compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



     4.11 Financial, business and kinship relations among Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management
           Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
           Company have any relations between each other with respect to financial, business, kinship or other material or
           connected relations.
China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events                                                                               77
Annual Report 2018



4.12 Contractual rights and service contracts of Directors and
     Supervisors
      During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts of
      significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors of
      the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company
      within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



4.13 Disciplinary actions imposed on the Company, Directors,
     Supervisors or senior management
      So far as the Company is aware, during the reporting period, none of the Company, its Directors, Supervisors or
      senior management was subject to investigation by relevant authorities or to mandatory measures imposed by
      judicial organs or disciplinary inspection authorities. None of them had been referred or handed over to judicial
      authorities or prosecuted for criminal liability, under investigation or administrative sanction by the CSRC, nor
      had they been prohibited from engagement in the securities markets, determined as unqualified, or been publicly
      censured by any stock exchange. The Company has not been penalised by other regulatory bodies which have
      significant impact on the business of the Company.



4.14 Explanation about the integrity profile of the Company
      So far as the Company is aware, there has not been any significant court judgment with which the Company has
      not complied, nor has there been any outstanding debt of significant amount during the reporting period.



4.15 Undertakings made by the Company, Directors, Supervisors,
     senior management and other connected persons
      In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招 商 局 輪 船 股 份 有 限 公 司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
      Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
      Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
      terms more favorable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of the
      loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company. Should
      they participate in the subscription of the rights shares, they would neither transfer nor entrust others to manage
      the allocated shares within five years from the delivery of such shares, nor would they seek for a repurchase by
      the Company of the allocated shares held by them. Upon expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares,
      they would not transfer their allocated shares until they obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the
      share transfer and the shareholder qualification of transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board
      of Directors and shareholders’ general meeting of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable
      capital needs of the Company; they would not impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For
      details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock
      Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the date of the
      report, the above shareholders had not violated the aforesaid undertakings.
      According to the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Company considered and
      approved the “Resolution Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference
      Shares and the Remedial Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting on 26 May 2017, and formulated the
      remedial measures in respect of the dilution of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be
      caused by the non-public issuance of preference shares. The measures include adhering to the business strategies
      of “Light-operation Bank” and “One Body with Two Wings”, creating differentiated competitive advantages,
      strengthening the awareness of capital constraints and return on capital, striving to reduce capital consumption,
      improving the efficiency of capital utilisation, strengthening the management of asset quality, and maintaining a
      stable return policy for the holders of ordinary shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the
      Company also undertook to earnestly implement the remedial measures. So far as the Company is aware, as at the
      date of this report, neither the Company nor its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid
      undertakings.
78   China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2018



     4.16 Significant connected transactions
     4.16.1 Overview of connected transactions
           A majority of the continuing connected transactions of the Company met the de minimis exemption and the
           non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the reporting and announcement requirements under the
           Hong Kong Listing Rules.



     4.16.2 Non-Exempt continuing connected transactions
           Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
           Company were those conducted by the Company with CMFM and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CMFM
           Group”), CM Securities and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CM Securities Group”) and Anbang Insurance
           Group Co., Ltd. and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “Anbang Insurance Group”), respectively.
           With the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, on 13 December 2016, the Company announced that
           the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for the years of 2017, 2018 and
           2019 had been RMB2.5 billion, RMB3.8 billion and RMB5.8 billion, respectively. On 27 March 2018, the Company
           announced that the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CM Securities Group for the years
           of 2018, 2019 and 2020 had been RMB500 million. On 20 March 2018, the Company announced that the annual
           caps for the continuing connected transactions with Anbang Insurance Group for the years of 2018, 2019 and 2020
           had been RMB1.5 billion. On 24 August 2018, the Company announced that the annual cap for the continuing
           connected transactions with Anbang Insurance Group for the year of 2018 had been adjusted from RMB1.5 billion
           to RMB2.0 billion. Further details of the above continuing connected transactions, please refer to the relevant
           announcements issued by the Company on 13 December 2016, 20 March 2018, 27 March 2018 and 24 August
           2018, respectively.
           CMFM Group
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company and CM Securities held 55% and 45% of the equity interest
           in CMFM, respectively. CMFM Group is a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
           The fund distribution agency service provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted continuing connected
           transactions of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
           On 13 December 2016, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM for a term
           commencing on 1 January 2017 and expiring on 31 December 2019. The agreement was entered into on normal
           commercial principles after an arm’s length negotiation. The agency service fees payable by CMFM Group will be
           calculated at the rates specified in the fund offering documents and/or the offering prospectuses and shall be settled
           to the Company under the agreement.
           The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group for 2018 was
           RMB3.8 billion, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of
           the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
           reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and exempt from the
           independent shareholders’ approval requirement.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM
           Group amounted to RMB1.333 billion.
China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events                                                                                79
Annual Report 2018


      CM Securities Group
      At the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. indirectly held 29.97% of the equity interest in
      the Company (by way of equity interests held, right of control or relationship of parties acting in concert). As China
      Merchants Group Ltd. also held 44.09% of the equity interest in CM Securities, CM Securities Group is a connected
      person of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The services relating to the provision of third
      parties custodian account, sales of funds, account custodian and agency sales for wealth management products
      and collective investment products and other services provided by the Company to CM Securities Group constituted
      continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      On 27 March 2018, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CM Securities for a term
      commencing on 1 January 2018 and expiring on 31 December 2020. The agreement was entered into on normal
      commercial terms after an arm’s length negotiation, pursuant to which CM Securities Group shall pay the service
      fees to the Company at the normal market prices.
      The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM Securities Group for 2018
      was RMB500 million, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
      reporting, announcement and annual review requirements, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
      requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM
      Securities Group amounted to RMB254 million.
      Anbang Insurance Group
      As at the end of the reporting period, Anbang Insurance Group indirectly held more than 10% of the equity interest
      in the Company and is one of the Company’s substantial shareholders. According to the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
      Anbang Insurance Group is a connected person of the Company. The insurance products agency sales services
      provided by the Company to Anbang Insurance Group constituted continuing connected transactions of the
      Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      On 20 March 2018, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with Anbang Insurance Group
      for a term commencing on 1 January 2018 and expiring on 31 December 2020. The agreement was entered into on
      normal commercial terms after an arm’s length negotiation, pursuant to which Anbang Insurance Group shall pay
      the service fees to the Company at the normal market prices.
      The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and Anbang Insurance Group
      for 2018 was RMB2.0 billion, for which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
      reporting, announcement and annual review requirements, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
      requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and Anbang
      Insurance Group amounted to RMB1.270 billion.
80   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2018


     4.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
           The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company had reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
           continuing connected transactions between the Company and each of CMFM Group, CM Securities Group and
           Anbang Insurance Group and confirmed that:
           1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
           2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                  shareholders as a whole;
           3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms; and
           4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
           Furthermore, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to review the continuing connected transactions
           of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements
           Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
           Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
           Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors has confirmed the findings, conclusions and the
           unqualified letter issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions
           in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. A copy of the letter has been provided by the
           Company to SEHK.



     4.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
           The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 62 to the financial
           statements. These transactions comprised those between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary course
           of business, including borrowings, investments, deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and other
           fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions were conducted in the ordinary
           course of business of the Company, which constituted connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
           and complied with the applicable requirements thereof.



     4.17 Material litigations and arbitrations
           Several lawsuits were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for the
           purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 211 pending cases
           (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate of principal and
           interest of RMB870 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration cases would
           have a significant adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



     4.18 Material contracts and their performance
           Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
           leasing of assets
           During the reporting period, none of the material contracts of the Company involving holding in custody, contracting
           or hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies by the Company or vice versa was entered into beyond the
           normal business scope of the Bank.



           Significant guarantees
           Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for
           the financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the CBIRC, there was no other
           significant discloseable guarantees.
China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events                                                                                81
Annual Report 2018


      Explanatory notes and independent opinions of the Independent Non-Executive
      Directors towards the guarantees of China Merchants Bank
      In accordance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Independent
      Non-Executive Directors of the Company carried out a due diligence review of the guarantees of the Company for
      2018 on an open, fair and objective basis, and their opinions are as follows:
      After review, it was ascertained that the guarantee business of CMB was approved by the CBIRC, and it was carried
      out in the ordinary course of business of the banks as a conventional business. As at 31 December 2018, the
      balance of the irrevocable guarantees of China Merchants Bank was RMB242.047 billion.
      China Merchants Bank emphasizes risk management of the guarantee business. It has formulated specific
      management measures and operation workflow according to the risk profile of this business. In addition, China
      Merchants Bank has enhanced risk monitoring and safeguarded this business through management means such as
      on-site and off-site checks. During the reporting period, the guarantee business of China Merchants Bank was in
      normal operation and there were no non-compliant guarantees.



4.19 Use of funds by related parties
      During the reporting period, neither the substantial shareholders of the Company nor their related parties had used
      any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and none of them had used the funds of the Company
      through (among others) any related transactions not entered into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special audit opinion in this regard.



4.20 Information on significant equity investments
      In June 2018, the “Proposal on Capital Contribution of RMB2 billion to the National Financing Guarantee Fund”
      was considered and approved at the 26th meeting of the 10th Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
      approving the Company to make a capital contribution of RMB2 billion to the National Financing Guarantee
      Fund. The capital contribution will be made in the coming four years from 2018. During the reporting period, the
      Company has completed the capital contribution of RMB500 million.
      In July 2018, CMB Financial Leasing, the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, had made a capital increment of
      RMB4.5 billion to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Zhaoyin Aviation and Shipping Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (招銀航空航
      運金融租賃有限公司).
      For the relevant details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
82   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2018



     4.21 Appointment of accounting firms and sponsors
           According to the resolutions passed at the 2017 Annual General Meeting, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
           Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company for 2018 and Deloitte
           Touche Tohmatsu as the international accounting firm of the Company for 2018. These two accounting firms have
           been engaged as auditors of the Company since 2016.
           The financial statements of the Group for 2018 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
           and the internal control of the Group as at the year end of 2018 were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
           Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2018 prepared under International Accounting Standards
           were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees (including fees for the audit on the financial
           statements of our overseas branches, subsidiaries and their respective subsidiaries) amounted to approximately
           RMB23,344,100, among which the audit fees for internal control was approximately RMB1,206,600.
           The Company appointed UBS Securities Co., Ltd. and CM Securities as its sponsors for the non-public issuance
           of domestic preference shares. During the reporting period, the Company paid remuneration of RMB9.30 million
           (including sponsorship and underwriting fees) to UBS Securities Co., Ltd. and RMB8.70 million (including sponsorship
           and underwriting fees) to CM Securities, respectively.



     4.22 Review of annual results
           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, our external auditors,
           have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
           Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards respectively, and each has issued an
           unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the
           Company’s annual report for 2018.



     4.23 Annual general meeting
           For the convening of its 2018 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



     4.24 Explanation on changes in accounting policies
           For details of the changes in the accounting policies of the Company during the reporting period, please refer to
           Note 3 “Adoption of newly effective IFRSs and their amendments” to the financial statements.



     4.25 Publication of annual report
           The Company prepared the annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
           Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. These reports are available on the websites of Hong Kong
           Stock Exchange and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the English and
           Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
           The Company also prepared the annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
           Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
           Stock Exchange and the Company.
China Merchants Bank         V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                        83
Annual Report 2018



Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

5.1 Changes in ordinary shares of the Company during the reporting
    period
                                                                                     Changes in the
                                                                                       No. of shares
                                                         31 December 2017                 during the        31 December 2018
                                                                     Percentage     reporting period                    Percentage
                                                     No. of shares          (%)      No. of shares      No. of shares          (%)
      1.     Shares subject to trading
             moratorium                                         –               –                 –                 –               –

      2.     Shares not subject to trading
             moratorium                    25,219,845,601               100.00                    –    25,219,845,601          100.00

             (1) Ordinary shares in RMB
                 (A Shares)                         20,628,944,429          81.80                 –    20,628,944,429           81.80
             (2) Foreign shares listed domestically              –              –                 –                 –               –
             (3) Foreign shares listed overseas
                 (H Shares)                          4,590,901,172          18.20                 –     4,590,901,172           18.20
             (4) Others                                          –              –                 –                 –               –

      3.     Total shares                         25,219,845,601        100.00                    –    25,219,845,601          100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 288,819 shareholders, including 255,217 holders
      of A Shares and 33,602 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject
      to trading moratorium.
      As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (namely 28 February 2019), the
      Company had a total of 237,687 shareholders, including 204,204 holders of A Shares and 33,483 holders of H
      Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading moratorium.
      Based on the publicly available information and so far as the Directors were aware, as at the end of the reporting
      period, the Company had met the public float requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
84   China Merchants Bank                   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018



     5.2 Top ten holders of ordinary shares and top ten holders of
         ordinary shares whose shareholdings are not subject to trading
         moratorium
                                                                                                                                             Number
                                                                                                                                            of shares
                                                                                             Percentage                                    subject to          Shares
                                                                             Shares held at     of total                       Changes in    trading        pledged
                                                            Type of          the end of the        share                    the reporting moratorium       or frozen
           Serial No. Name of shareholder                   shareholder       period (share) capital (%)     Type of shares period (share)    (share)         (share)
           1              HKSCC Nominees Ltd.               /                4,546,479,669        18.03    H Shares                2,470,137         –      Unknown

           2              China Merchants Steam             State-owned      3,289,470,337        13.04    A Shares not                    –         –             –
                           Navigation Co., Ltd.               legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                             moratorium

           3              China Ocean Shipping              State-owned      1,574,729,111          6.24   A Shares not                    –         –             –
                           Company Limited                    legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                             moratorium

           4              Hexie Health Insurance Co.,       Domestic legal 1,258,949,171            4.99   A Shares not         1,258,949,171        –             –
                           Ltd. – Traditional – Ordinary     person                                          subject to trading
                           insurance products                                                                moratorium

           5              Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.   Domestic legal 1,258,949,100            4.99   A Shares not         1,258,949,100        –             –
                           – Conservative Investment         person                                          subject to trading
                           Portfolio                                                                         moratorium

           6              Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment      State-owned      1,258,542,349          4.99   A Shares not                    –         –             –
                            and Development Company           legal person                                   subject to trading
                            Ltd.                                                                             moratorium

           7              China Merchants Finance           State-owned      1,147,377,415          4.55   A Shares not                    –         –             –
                           Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.       legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                             moratorium

           8              Shenzhen Chu Yuan                 State-owned        944,013,171          3.74   A Shares not                    –         –             –
                            Investment and Development        legal person                                   subject to trading
                            Company Ltd.                                                                     moratorium

           9              China Securities Finance          Domestic legal     754,798,622          2.99   A Shares not         -106,265,358         –             –
                           Corporation Limited               person                                          subject to trading
                                                                                                             moratorium

           10             COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou)        State-owned        696,450,214          2.76   A Shares not                    –         –             –
                           Co., Ltd.                          legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                             moratorium

           Notes:   (1)      Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of the Company trading on the
                             transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd.

                    (2)      Of the aforesaid top 10 shareholders, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development
                             Company Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co. Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company
                             Ltd. are subsidiaries of China Merchants Group Ltd. China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                             are controlled by China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Hexie Health”)
                             and Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Anbang Life”) are controlled by Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. The
                             Company is not aware of any affiliated relationships among other shareholders.

                    (3)      During the reporting period, Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Anbang Insurance”)
                             transferred its 1,258,949,171 A shares and 1,258,949,100 A shares in the Company to Hexie Health and Anbang Life, respectively. After
                             the share transfer, Anbang Insurance, Hexie Health and Anbang Life together held 2,704,596,216 A shares and 229,498,500 H shares in
                             the Company, which together accounted for 11.63% of the total share capital of the Company.

                    (4)      The above shareholders do not hold the shares of the Company through credit securities accounts.
China Merchants Bank            V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                                           85
Annual Report 2018



5.3 Information on substantial shareholders
5.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
      China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. is the largest shareholder of the Company. The company has a
      registered capital of RMB7.0 billion, and its legal representative is Li Jianhong. It mainly engages in passenger and
      cargo shipping businesses; dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation; sale, purchase and supply of various
      transportation equipments, spare parts and materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency, international
      maritime cargo, etc.; as well as investment and management of transportation-related financial businesses including
      banking, securities and insurance.
      China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests of China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and
      is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder, with a registered capital of RMB16.7 billion. Its
      legal representative is Li Jianhong. China Merchants Group Ltd. is a state-owned enterprise under the direct control
      of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Its predecessor, China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China was in its late Qing Dynasty and was
      undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which played a significant role in promoting
      the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time. Nowadays, it has developed into a
      diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three core industries, namely integrated transportation,
      featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and industrial zones. It is realising the transformation
      from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial operation, financial services, investment and
      capital operation.
      The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
      largest shareholder is illustrated as follows:



                                                           China Merchants Group Ltd.



                                                                   100%
                                                                China Merchants
                                                            Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.



                               100%                                                      100%
              China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited                  China Merchants Finance
                                                                                  Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.
                                                    100%                                                           51%                                        27.59%
                                                                                                   Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment     49%
                                   China Merchants International                                                                              China Merchants China
                                     Finance Company Limited                                       and Development Company Ltd.              Direct Investments Limited

                   50%                              100%                                     50%                   50%                                        100%
              China Merchants               Best Winner                                  Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment                           China Merchants Industry
             Union (BVI) Limited         Investment Limited                              and Development Company Ltd.                        Development (Shenzhen) Limited


                1.89%                                                                                                             4.99%
                                         1.53%                 13.04%               4.55%               3.74%
                                                                                                                                     0.22%
                                                              China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.




      As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% of the
      total shares of the Company, consisting of 26.78% of A Shares and 3.20% of H Shares of the Company. There was
      no pledge of the shares of the Company. (In this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of
      the amounts listed are due to rounding.)
86   China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018


     5.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
           Company
           1.     Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. As at the end of the reporting period, Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
                  in aggregate held 11.63% shares in the Company through Anbang Insurance, Hexie Health and Anbang Life,
                  all being its subsidiaries, and it did not pledge any of its shares in the Company. The controlling shareholder
                  of Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.. The de facto controller of
                  China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd. is the Ministry of Finance. Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was
                  established on 15 October 2004, with a registered capital of RMB61.9 billion, and its legal representative
                  is He Xiaofeng. The scope of its businesses includes: investments in establishment of insurance enterprises;
                  supervision and management of various domestic and international businesses of the enterprises under
                  control with its investment; the investment businesses permitted under the PRC laws and regulations; the
                  insurance businesses permitted under the PRC laws and regulations; and other businesses approved by the
                  CBIRC.
           2.     China Ocean Shipping Company Limited. As at the end of the reporting period, China Ocean Shipping
                  Company Limited held 6.24% shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the
                  predecessor of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983, with a
                  registered capital of RMB16.191 billion. Its legal representative is Xu Lirong. The scope of its businesses
                  includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; acceptance
                  of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing,
                  construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship
                  escrowing business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to shipping
                  business at home and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business and
                  seafarer assignment business.
                  China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO
                  Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and
                  is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                  Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established in February
                  2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion. Its legal representative is Xu Lirong. As at the end of
                  the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited in aggregate held 9.97% shares in the
                  Company through China Ocean Shipping Company Limited, COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.,
                  Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd. (廣州海寧海務技術諮詢有限公司), COSCO
                  Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中 遠 海 運（上 海）有 限 公 司), COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co.,
                  Limited and Shenzhen Sanding Oil Transport Trading Co., Ltd. (深圳市三鼎油運貿易有限公司), all being its
                  subsidiaries. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company.
China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                87
Annual Report 2018


5.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
      1.     China Communications Construction Company Limited. As at the end of the reporting period, China
             Communications Construction Company Limited held 1.78% of the shares of the Company and is a
             shareholder which has appointed Supervisors in the Company. China Communications Construction Company
             Limited was established on 8 October 2006 with a registered capital of RMB16.174 billion, and its legal
             representative is Liu Qitao. As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group
             (Limited) held 63.84% of the equity interests of China Communications Construction Company Limited, and
             therefore is the controlling shareholder of China Communications Construction Company Limited, its de
             facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.
             China Communications Construction Group (Limited) was established on 8 December 2005 with a registered
             capital of RMB5.855 billion, and its legal representative is Liu Qitao. As at the end of the reporting period,
             through its subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Guangzhou
             Dredging Co., Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbor Engineering Co. Ltd., CCCC Shanghai Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen
             Hua (Shenzhen) Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbor Consultants Co. Ltd., China Communications
             Construction Group (Limited) held in aggregate 2.27% of the shares of the Company. There was no pledge
             of the shares of the Company.
      2.     SAIC Motor Corporation Limited. As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held
             1.23% of the shares of the Company and is a shareholder which has appointed Supervisors in the Company.
             There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited was established on
             16 April 1984 and has a registered capital of RMB11.683 billion, and its legal representative is Chen Hong.
             As at the end of the reporting period, Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) held 71.24% of
             the shares of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, and therefore is its controlling shareholder, and its de facto
             controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai City. Shanghai
             Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) was established on 1 March 1996 with a registered capital of
             RMB21.599 billion, and its legal representative is Chen Hong.
      3.     Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.. As at the end of the reporting period, Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. held 1.21%
             of the shares of the Company and is a shareholder which has appointed Supervisors in the Company. There
             was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. was established on 28 August 2002
             with a registered capital of RMB8 billion. The legal representative is Cao Ziyu and the de facto controller is
             the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Hebei Province.
88   China Merchants Bank               V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018



     5.4 Substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ interests and short
         positions in the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations
           As at 31 December 2018, as far as the Company is aware, the following persons (other than the Directors,
           Supervisors and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) had interests and short
           positions in the shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
           Section 336 of the SFO (in the report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed
           are due to rounding):
                                                                                                                  Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                        of the       of total
                                                                                                                relevant class        issued
           Name of Substantial               Class of Long/short                                                  of shares in      ordinary
           Shareholder                       shares position     Capacity                 No. of shares   Notes      issue (%)    shares (%)
           China Merchants Group Ltd.        A       Long        Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
                                                                    corporation
                                                     Long        Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                          6,752,746,952     1           32.73          26.78
                                             H       Long        Interest of controlled     806,680,423     1           17.57           3.20
                                                                    corporation

           China Merchants Steam             A       Long        Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
             Navigation Co., Ltd.                    Long        Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                                                    corporation
                                                     Long        Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                          6,752,746,952     1           32.73          26.78
                                             H       Long        Interest of controlled     806,680,423     1           17.57           3.20
                                                                    corporation

           China Merchants Finance           A       Long        Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
             Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.           Long        Interest of controlled   2,202,555,520
                                                                    corporation
                                                     Long        Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                          3,405,129,475     1           16.51          13.50

           Best Winner Investment            A       Long        Beneficial owner           58,147,140      1             0.28          0.23
             Limited
                                             H       Long        Beneficial owner          328,776,923      1             7.16          1.30

           Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment      A       Long        Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349
             and Development Company                 Long        Interest of controlled     944,013,171
             Ltd.                                                   corporation
                                                                                          2,202,555,520     1           10.68           8.73
China Merchants Bank              V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                       89
Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                              Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                    of the       of total
                                                                                                            relevant class        issued
      Name of Substantial                Class of Long/short                                                  of shares in      ordinary
      Shareholder                        shares position     Capacity                 No. of shares   Notes      issue (%)    shares (%)
      Anbang Insurance Group Co.,        A       Long        Interest of controlled   2,704,596,216     2           13.11          10.72
        Ltd.                                                    corporation
                                         H       Long        Interest of controlled    229,498,500      2             4.99          0.91
                                                                corporation

      Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.    A       Long        Beneficial owner         1,258,949,100                   6.10          4.99


      Anbang Property & Casualty         A       Long        Beneficial owner          186,697,945
        Insurance Company Ltd.                   Long
                                                             Interest of controlled   1,258,949,171
                                                                corporation
                                                                                      1,445,647,116     2             7.01          5.73

                                         H       Long        Beneficial owner          229,498,500      2             4.99          0.91

      Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd.   A       Long        Beneficial owner         1,258,949,171     2             6.10          4.99


      China Ocean Shipping               A       Long        Beneficial owner         1,574,729,111                   7.63          6.24
        Company Limited

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.               H       Long        Beneficial owner           26,465,550
                                                 Long        Investment manager        125,880,225
                                                 Long        Trustee                        16,080
                                                 Long        Approved lending agent     78,690,591
                                                                                       231,052,446      3             5.03          0.92
                                                 Short       Beneficial owner            2,037,902      3             0.04          0.01

      Pagoda Tree Investment             H       Long        Interest of controlled    477,903,500      4           10.41           1.89
        Company Limited                                         corporation
        (中國華馨投資有限公司)

      Compass Investment Company         H       Long        Interest of controlled    477,903,500      4           10.41           1.89
        Limited                                                 corporation

      CNIC Corporation Limited           H       Long        Interest of controlled    477,903,500      4           10.41           1.89
                                                                corporation
90   China Merchants Bank             V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                   Percentage          Percentage
                                                                                                                                         of the            of total
                                                                                                                                 relevant class             issued
           Name of Substantial                Class of Long/short                                                                  of shares in           ordinary
           Shareholder                        shares position     Capacity                             No. of shares       Notes      issue (%)         shares (%)
           Verise Holdings Company            H         Long          Interest of controlled            477,903,500          4              10.41             1.89
             Limited                                                     corporation

           China Merchants Union (BVI)        H         Long          Beneficial owner                  477,903,500          4              10.41             1.89
             Limited

           BlackRock, Inc.                    H         Long          Interest of controlled            263,574,754          5               5.74             1.05
                                                                         corporation
                                                        Short         Interest of controlled                 318,000         5               0.01             0.00
                                                                         corporation

           Citigroup Inc.                     H         Long          Person having a security                  4,500
                                                                         interest in shares
                                                        Long          Interest of controlled              30,671,564
                                                                         corporation
                                                        Long          Approved lending agent            240,423,406
                                                                                                        271,099,470          6               5.91             1.07
                                                        Short         Interest of controlled              2,122,841          6               0.05             0.01
                                                                         corporation

           Notes:

           (1)      For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 5.3 “Information on the
                    Company’s largest shareholder”.

           (2)      Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in a total of 2,704,596,216 A shares (long position) and 229,498,500
                    H shares (long position) in the Company by virtue of its control over Anbang Life, Anbang Insurance and Hexie Health.

           (3)      JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold interests in a total of 231,052,446 H shares (long position) and 2,037,902 H shares (short
                    position) in the Company by virtue of its control over a number of corporations.



                    The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the Company included a lending pool of 78,690,591 H shares. Besides,
                    5,890,835 H shares (long position) and 2,037,902 H shares (short position) were held through derivatives as follows:



                    1,982,835 H shares (long position) and 403,000 H shares (short position)             –through physically settled listed derivatives
                    1,372,450 H shares (short position)                                                  –through cash settled listed derivatives
                    1,118,000 H shares (long position) and 262,452 H shares (short position)             –through physically settled unlisted derivatives
                    2,790,000 H shares (long position)                                                   –through cash settled unlisted derivatives


           (4)      Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
                    Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly-owned subsidiary of Compass Investment Company Limited:

                    (4.1)    China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited
                             was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of
                             holding the 50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

                    (4.2)    Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed
                             to hold the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which Verise Holdings Company Limited was deemed to hold.

                    (4.3)    Compass Investment Company Limited (referred to in (4)) was deemed to hold the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which
                             CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to hold by virtue of holding the 98.9% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

                    (4.4)    The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (4) and (4.1) to (4.3) represented the same shares.
China Merchants Bank             V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                            91
Annual Report 2018


      (5)    BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 263,574,754 H shares (long position) and 318,000 H shares (short position) in the Company (of
             which 1,562,500 H shares (long position) and 204,000 H shares (short position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives) by virtue
             of its control over a number of companies, which were all indirectly wholly-owned by BlackRock, Inc. except for the following:

             (5.1)     BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. was indirectly held as to 86% by BlackRock, Inc.. BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. held
                       interests in the Company through the following companies:

                       (5.1.1)   BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd. (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held 2,850,418 H shares (long
                                 position) in the Company.

                       (5.1.2)   BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited held 577,000 H shares (long position) in the Company. BlackRock Asset
                                 Management Canada Limited was indirectly owned as to 99.9% by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P..

                       (5.1.3)   BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held
                                 1,168,000 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.1.4)   BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held
                                 2,769,070 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.1.5)   BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held 692,000 H shares (long
                                 position) in the Company.

             (5.2)     BlackRock Group Limited was held as to 90% by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. (referred to in (5.1)). BlackRock Group Limited
                       held its interests in the Company through its direct or indirect wholly-owned companies as follows:

                       (5.2.1)   BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. held 560,500 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.2)   BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited held 242,500 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.3)   BlackRock International Limited held 772,498 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.4)   BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited held 28,798,784 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.5)   BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A. held 10,720,292 H shares (long position) and 18,000 H shares (short position) in the
                                 Company.

                       (5.2.6)   BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited held 15,043,907 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.7)   BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG held 241,731 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.8)   BlackRock Fund Managers Limited held 9,288,613 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.9)   BlackRock Life Limited held 6,301,655 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.2.10) BlackRock Asset Management (Schweiz) AG held 33,000 H shares (long position) in the Company.

             (5.3)     BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC was indirectly held as to 90% by BlackRock, Inc.. BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC held its interests in the Company
                       through its direct or indirect wholly-owned companies as follows:

                       (5.3.1)   BlackRock Fund Advisors held 120,019,888 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                       (5.3.2)   BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association held 56,848,976 H shares (long position) and 264,000 H shares
                                 (short position) in the Company.

      (6)    Citigroup Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 271,099,470 H shares (long position) and 2,122,841 H shares (short position) in the Company by
             virtue of its control over a number of companies.

             The equity interests and short positions of Citigroup Inc. in the Company included a lending pool of 240,423,406 H shares. Besides, 9,195,772
             H shares (long position) and 1,279,258 H shares (short position) were held through derivatives as follows:

             500,000 H shares (long position) and 500,000 H shares (short position)                –through physically settled listed derivatives
             734,272 H shares (long position) and 292,758 H shares (short position)                –through physically settled unlisted derivatives
             7,961,500 H shares (long position) and 486,500 H shares (short position)              –through cash settled unlisted derivatives

      Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
      and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
      positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2018 as recorded in the register
      required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
92   China Merchants Bank                   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018



     5.5 Issuance and listing of securities
           During the reporting period, the Company did not issue new ordinary shares.
           For details of the issuance and listing of preference shares of the Company, please refer to section 5.6 of this report.
           During the reporting period, the Company did not have any corporate bonds listed on a stock exchange by way of
           public issuance.
           For the issuance of other bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 44 to the financial
           statements.
           The Company did not issue any internal staff shares.



     5.6 Preference shares
     5.6.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
           Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 50,000,000
           non-cumulative perpetual offshore preference shares on 25 October 2017. The offshore preference shares of the
           issuance were listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 26 October 2017 (abbreviated name of shares: “CMB
           17USDPREF”; stock code: 04614; number of listed shares: 50,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of the
           offshore preference shares amounted to USD1.0 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance,
           has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
           Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
           domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed
           and traded on the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated
           name of shares: “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total
           proceeds from the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion. The net proceeds of
           RMB27,467,750,000, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the
           Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
           For details, please refer to the relevant announcement(s) published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai
           Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively.



     5.6.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 13 shareholders of preference shares (or their
           nominees), including 1 shareholder of offshore preference shares (or its nominee) and 12 shareholders of domestic
           preference shares.
           As at the end of the previous month (namely 28 February 2019) preceding the date for disclosure of this report, the
           Company had a total of 13 shareholders of preference shares (or nominees), including 1 shareholder of offshore
           preference shares (or nominees), and 12 shareholders of domestic preference shares.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten shareholders of offshore
           preference shares (or their nominees) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                 Shares held                    shares subject
                                                                                                 Changes in       at the end    Percentage of      to trading            Shares
                                                       Type of                                the reporting    of the period    shareholdings     moratorium        pledged or
           Serial No. Name of shareholder              shareholder      Type of shares        period (share)          (share)             (%)          (share)   frozen (share)
           1         The Bank of New York Depository   Overseas legal   Offshore preference               –      50,000,000              100                –         Unknown
                       (Nominees) Limited                person           shares

           Notes:    (1)	The shareholdings of shareholders of preference shares are calculated based on the information listed in the register of shareholders
                          of preference shares maintained by the Company.

                     (2)	As the issuance is an offshore non-public issuance, the information listed in the register of shareholders of preference shares is the
                          information on the nominees of the placees.

                     (3)	The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above shareholders of preference shares and
                          the top ten shareholders of ordinary shares.

                     (4)	“Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of offshore preference shares held by shareholders of
                          preference shares to the total number of offshore preference shares.
China Merchants Bank                    V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                                       93
Annual Report 2018


      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten shareholders of domestic
      preference shares (or their nominees) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                 Shares held                    shares subject
                                                                                                 Changes in       at the end    Percentage of      to trading            Shares
                                                      Type of                                 the reporting    of the period    shareholdings     moratorium        pledged or
      Serial No. Name of shareholders                 shareholders      Type of shares        period (share)          (share)             (%)          (share)   frozen (share)
      1         China Mobile Communications           State-owned legal Domestic preference               –     106,000,000             38.55               –                –
                  Group Co., Ltd.                       person            shares
      2         CCB Trust Co., Ltd.                   State-owned legal Domestic preference               –      30,000,000             10.91               –                –
                                                        person            shares
      3         BOC Asset Management Co., Ltd.        Others            Domestic preference               –      25,000,000              9.09               –                –
                  (中銀資產管理有限公司)                                            shares
                China National Tobacco                State-owned legal Domestic preference               –      20,000,000              7.27               –                –
                   (Henan Province) Company             person            shares
      4
                Ping An Property & Casualty           Others            Domestic preference               –      20,000,000              7.27               –                –
                   Insurance Company of China, Ltd.                       shares
      6         China Everbright Bank                 Others            Domestic preference               –      19,000,000              6.91               –                –
                   Company Limited                                        shares
                China National Tobacco                State-owned legal Domestic preference               –      15,000,000              5.45               –                –
                   (Sichuan Province) Company           person            shares
      7         China National Tobacco                State-owned legal Domestic preference               –      15,000,000              5.45               –                –
                   (Anhui Province) Company             person            shares
      9         China Construction Bank               State-owned legal Domestic preference               –      10,000,000              3.64               –                –
                   Corporation, Guangdong Branch        person            shares
                China National Tobacco                State-owned legal Domestic preference               –        5,000,000             1.82               –                –
                   (Liaoning Province) Company          person            shares
      10        Changjiang Pension Insurance          State-owned legal Domestic preference               –        5,000,000             1.82               –                –
                   Co., Ltd.                            person            shares
                China Resources SZITIC Trust          State-owned legal Domestic preference               –        5,000,000             1.82               –                –
                   Co., Ltd.                            person            shares

      Notes:    (1)        The shareholdings of preference shareholders are calculated based on the information listed in the register of shareholders of
                           preference shares maintained by the Company.

                (2)	China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Sichuan Province) Company, China National Tobacco
                     (Anhui Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province) Company are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of China
                     National Tobacco Corporation. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert
                     among the above shareholders of preference shares or between the above shareholders of preference shares and the Company’s top
                     ten shareholders of ordinary shares.

                (3)	“Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by shareholders of
                     preference shares to the total number of domestic preference shares.




5.6.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public
      Issuance of Offshore Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual
      general meeting, the first class meeting of the shareholders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of
      the shareholders of H Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for offshore preference shares on 25
      October 2018, which was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for offshore preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The offshore preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the offshore
      preference shareholders in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the relevant terms of the offshore
      preference shares, the dividend rate per annum of the offshore preference shares is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the
      actual dividend yield to be received by the holders of the preference shares is 4.40%). According to relevant laws
      and regulations, the Company shall withhold an income tax at a rate of 10% when distributing the dividends for the
      offshore preference shares to the offshore non-resident enterprises. According to the terms and conditions of the
      offshore preference shares, the Company is responsible to pay relevant income tax. Total amount of the proceeds
      from the issuance of the Company’s offshore preference shares was USD1 billion, the total amount of dividends for
      the offshore preference shares is USD48,888,888.89, comprising of USD44,000,000.00 which was actually paid to
      the holders of the offshore preference shares, and the withholding tax amounted to USD4,888,888.89.
94   China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2018


           In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
           of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
           meeting, the first class meeting of the shareholders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the
           shareholders of H Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18
           December 2018, which was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
           The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
           shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the domestic
           preference shareholders in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
           the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
           domestic preference shares, based on the dividend rate of 4.81% for domestic preference shares, the dividends per
           preference share paid were RMB4.81 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference in issue, the
           total amount of the dividends paid was RMB1,322.75 million (including tax).
           For the details of dividend distribution for domestic and offshore preference shares, please refer to the relevant
           announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange and the Company on 10 December 2018 and 15 October 2018, respectively.



     5.6.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
           During the reporting period, there had been no repurchase and conversion of preference shares.



     5.6.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
           During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s domestic and offshore preference shares in issue
           had not been restored.



     5.6.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of
           adoption
           The Company made accounting judgments over its preference shares then issued and outstanding in accordance
           with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial Reporting
           Standard 9-Financial Instruments” and the “International Financial Reporting Standard 7-Financial Instruments:
           Disclosures” promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares issued and
           outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they any contractual
           obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were therefore measured
           as equity instruments.
China Merchants Bank                 VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                                  95
Annual Report 2018



Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
Employees, and Organisational Structure
6.1 Directors, Supervisors and senior management
                                                                                                                                                                                Whether
                                                                                                                                                            Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                                pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                                        remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                                         received from          from the
                                                                                                                        Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                               at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                                           beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                               of the         end of             period      during the
                                Date of Birth                                                                                 period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
      Name            Gender    (Y/M)           Title                                        Term of office                   (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
                                                Chairman                                     2014.8 – 2019.6
      Li Jianhong     Male      1956.5                                                                                             –                –                –               Yes
                                                Non-Executive Director                       2014.7 – 2019.6
                                                Vice Chairman                                2018.7 – 2019.6
      Fu Gangfeng     Male      1966.12                                                                                            –               –                 –               Yes
                                                Non-Executive Director                       2010.8 – 2019.6
                                                Executive Director                           2013.8 – 2019.6
      Tian Huiyu      Male      1965.12                                                                                            –         110,000            468.99                No
                                                President and Chief Executive Officer        2013.9 – 2019.6
      Sun Yueying     Female    1958.6          Non-Executive Director                       2001.4 – 2019.6                       –               –                 –               Yes
                                                Executive Director, First Executive
      Li Hao          Male      1959.3                                                       2007.6 – 2019.6 (note 1)              –         100,000            428.99                No
                                                Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      Zhou Song        Male     1972.4          Non-Executive Director                       2018.10 – 2019.6                      –               –                 –               Yes
      Hong Xiaoyuan Male        1963.3          Non-Executive Director                       2007.6 – 2019.6                       –               –                 –               Yes
      Zhang Jian       Male     1964.10         Non-Executive Director                       2016.11 – 2019.6                      –               –                 –               Yes
      Su Min           Female   1968.2          Non-Executive Director                       2014.9 – 2019.6                       –               –                 –               Yes
      Wang Daxiong Male         1960.12         Non-Executive Director                       2016.11 – 2019.6                      –               –                 –               Yes
      Leung Kam
                       Male     1952.1          Independent Non-Executive Director           2015.1 – 2019.6                       –                –            50.00                No
         Chung, Antony
      Pan Chengwei Male         1946.2          Independent Non-Executive Director           2012.7 – (note 2)                     –                –            50.00                No
      Zhao Jun         Male     1962.9          Independent Non-Executive Director           2015.1 – 2019.6                       –                –            50.00                No
      Wong See Hong Male        1953.6          Independent Non-Executive Director           2017.2 – 2019.6                       –                –            50.00                No
      Li Menggang      Male     1967.4          Independent Non-Executive Director           2018.11 – 2019.6                      –                –             4.17                No
      Liu Qiao         Male     1970.5          Independent Non-Executive Director           2018.11 – 2019.6                      –                –             4.17                No
                                                Chairman of Board of Supervisors,
      Liu Yuan        Male      1962.1                                                       2014.8 – 2019.6                       –          90,000            386.99                No
                                                Employee Supervisor
      Wen Jianguo     Male      1962.10         Shareholder Supervisor                       2016.6 – 2019.6                       –               –                 –               Yes
      Wu Heng         Male      1976.8          Shareholder Supervisor                       2016.6 – 2019.6                       –               –                 –               Yes
      Jin Qingjun     Male      1957.8          External Supervisor                          2014.10 – 2019.6                 65,800          65,800             40.00               No
      Ding Huiping    Male      1956.6          External Supervisor                          2016.6 – 2019.6                       –               –             40.00               No
      Han Zirong      Male      1963.7          External Supervisor                          2016.6 – 2019.6                       –               –             40.00               No
      Wang Wanqing    Male      1964.9          Employee Supervisor                          2018.7 – 2019.6                       –          60,000            176.23               No
      Huang Dan       Female    1966.6          Employee Supervisor                          2015.3 – 2019.6                       –          45,000            224.45               No
      Tang Zhihong    Male      1960.3          Vice President                               2006.5 – 2019.6                       –          80,000            341.54               No
96   China Merchants Bank                    VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
     Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                                                                  Whether
                                                                                                                                                              Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                                  pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                                          remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                                           received from          from the
                                                                                                                          Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                                 at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                                             beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                                 of the         end of             period      during the
                                        Date of Birth                                                                           period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
           Name               Gender    (Y/M)           Title                                         Term of office            (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
           Liu Jianjun        Male      1965.8          Vice President                                2013.12 – 2019.6               –          80,000            344.99                No
           Xiong Liangjun     Male      1963.2          Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee   2014.7 – present               –          80,000            344.99                No
                                                        Vice President                                2015.1 – 2019.6
           Wang Liang         Male      1965.12                                                                                      –          80,000            342.99                No
                                                        Secretary of Board of Directors               2016.11 – 2019.6
           Wang Jianzhong Male          1962.10         Member of the CPC Committee                   2017.4 – present               –          80,000            344.99                No
           Shi Shunhua    Male          1962.12         Member of the CPC Committee                   2017.4 – present               –          85,000            341.54                No
                                                        Former Vice Chairman                          2015.11 – 2018.1
           Li Xiaopeng        Male      1959.5                                                                                       –                –                –                No
                                                        Former Non-Executive Director                 2014.11 – 2018.1
           Wong Kwai Lam      Male      1949.5          Former Independent Non-Executive Director     2011.7 – 2018.11               –               –             50.00               No
           Pan Yingli         Female    1955.6          Former Independent Non-Executive Director     2011.11 – 2018.11              –               –             50.00               No
           Fu Junyuan         Male      1961.5          Former Shareholder Supervisor                 2015.9 – 2019.2                –               –                 –               Yes
           Xu Lizhong         Male      1964.3          Former Employee Supervisor                    2016.6 – 2018.7                –          50,000            126.32               No
           Zhu Qi             Male      1960.7          Former Vice President                         2008.12 – 2019.2               –               –                 –               No
           Zhao Ju            Male      1964.11         Former Vice President                         2015.2 – 2019.2                –               –                 –               No
           Lian Bolin         Male      1958.5          Former Executive Assistant President          2012.6 – 2018.7                –          70,000            174.77               No

           Notes:

           (1)           Mr. Li Hao has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since March 2007, an Executive Director of the Company since June 2007, and
                         the First Executive Vice President of the Company since May 2013.

           (2)           As the term of office of Mr. Pan Chengwei expired in July 2018, the Company is in the process of selecting the candidate for a new
                          independent director to take up the position of Mr. Pan Chengwei. Pursuant to the relevant requirements of the “Guiding Opinions on
                          Establishing the Independent Director System in Listed Companies” ( 《關於在上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意見》 ), not less than one
                          third of the total numbers of directors shall be independent directors in a listed company. Therefore, Mr. Pan Chengwei will continue to fulfill
                          his duties until the new independent director takes office.

           (3)           There was a change in the shareholdings of Mr. Tian Huiyu, Mr. Li Hao, Mr. Liu Yuan, Mr. Wang Wanqing, Ms. Huang Dan, Mr. Tang Zhihong,
                          Mr. Liu Jianjun, Mr. Xiong Liangjun, Mr. Wang Liang, Mr. Wang Jianzhong, Mr. Shi Shunhua, Mr. Xu Lizhong and Mr. Lian Bolin during the
                          reporting period, which was due to an increase in their respective shareholdings. The spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A Shares in the
                          Company.

           (4)           Mr. Zhu Qi received his remunerations from CMB WLB, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhao Ju received his remunerations from China
                         Merchants International Finance Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Company.

           (5)           The remunerations received from the Company by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were appointed or resigned during
                          the reporting period is calculated on the length of their service in the Company during the reporting period.

           (6)           The aggregate pre-tax remunerations of the full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management of
                          the Company are still being verified, and the information about the pre-tax remunerations of other staff will be disclosed separately upon
                          confirmation of payment.

           (7)           None of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management who holds office currently or resigned during the reporting period has been punished
                          by the securities regulator(s) over the past three years.

           (8)           None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management listed in the above table holds share options or has been granted restricted shares of
                          the Company.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure            97
Annual Report 2018



6.2 Appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior
    management
      In January 2018, Mr. Li Xiaopeng resigned as the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company due
      to a change of work. In July 2018, the appointment of Mr. Fu Gangfeng as the Vice Chairman was approved by
      the CBIRC. In October 2018, the appointment of Mr. Zhou Song as the Director was approved by the CBIRC. In
      November 2018, the appointment of Mr. Li Menggang and Mr. Liu Qiao as the Independent Non-Executive Directors
      was approved by the CBIRC. Mr. Wong Kwai Lam and Ms. Pan Yingli ceased to serve as Independent Non-Executive
      Directors of the Company.
      Mr. Xu Lizhong, a former Employee Supervisor, tendered his resignation letter to the Board of Supervisors of the
      Company in July 2018 due to other work commitments. According to the resolutions passed at Worker’s Congress of
      the Company held on 18 July 2018, Mr. Wang Wanqing was newly elected as an Employee Supervisor of the Tenth
      Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and Mr. Xu Lizhong ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of
      the Company. In February 2019, Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to his
      work engagements.
      In July 2018, Mr. Lian Bolin ceased to be the Executive Assistant President of the Company due to the age limit. In
      February 2019, Mr. Zhu Qi and Mr. Zhao Ju resigned as the Executive Vice President of the Company due to other
      business commitment. In February 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Wang Jianzhong
      and Mr. Shi Shunhua as the Executive Vice President of the Company, and their qualifications as the Executive Vice
      President are subject to the approval by the CBIRC.
      For details of the above-mentioned matters, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company
      on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.



6.3 Changes of information of Directors and Supervisors
      1.     Mr. Fu Gangfeng, Non-Executive Director of the Company, serves as the Vice Chairman of the Company and
             concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. and the Chairman of the Board
             of Supervisors of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited.
      2.     Ms. Sun Yueying, Non-Executive Director of the Company, ceased to serve as the Chief Accountant of China
             COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited and the Chairman of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd..
      3.     Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan, Non-Executive Director of the Company, ceased to concurrently serve as the Chairman
             of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited and the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital
             Investments Co., Ltd..
      4.     Mr. Zhang Jian, Non-Executive Director of the Company, serves as the Chief Digital Officer of China
             Merchants Group Ltd., and concurrently serves as a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment
             Management Co., Ltd., a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment (International) Co. Ltd. (招
             商 局 創 新 投 資（國 際）有 限公司), a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment General Partner
             (International) Co. Ltd. (招商局創新投資普通合夥（國際）有限公司), the Chairman of the Board of Directors
             of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital
             Investments Co., Ltd. and a Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited, and ceased
             to serve as a Director of China Merchants Ping An AMC.
      5.     Ms. Su Min, Non-Executive Director of the Company, ceased to serve as a Director of China Merchants
             Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd. and a Supervisor of China Merchants Capital Investments Co.,
             Ltd..
      6.     Mr. Jin Qingjun, External Supervisor of the Company, concurrently serves as a Director of Shenzhen Kondarl
             (Group) Co., Ltd., and ceased to serve as a Director of Konka Group Co., Ltd..
98   China Merchants Bank             VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
     Annual Report 2018



     6.4 Current positions held by Directors and Supervisors in the
         shareholders’ companies
           Name             Name of Company                                  Title                                               Term of Office
           Li Jianhong      China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Chairman                                            From July 2014 up to now
           Fu Gangfeng      China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Director and General Manager                        From February 2018 up to now
           Sun Yueying      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited         Chief Accountant                                    From January 2016 to August 2018
           Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Chief Accountant                                    From October 2018 up to now
           Hong Xiaoyuan    China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Assistant General Manager                           From September 2011 up to now
                                                                             Director of the Executive Committee of the China    From June 2018 up to now
                                                                               Merchants Financial Group/Platform
           Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Chief Digital Officer                               From January 2019 up to now
                                                                             Deputy Director of the Executive Committee          From June 2018 up to now
                                                                               of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
           Su Min           China Merchants Group Ltd.                       Deputy Director of the Executive Committee          From June 2018 up to now
                                                                               of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
                                                                             General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings From September 2015 up to now
           Wang Daxiong     COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Limited   Chairman                                            From May 2016 up to now
           Fu Junyuan       China Communications Construction Co., Ltd.      Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer      From September 2006 to
                                                                                                                                   September 2018
           Wen Jianguo      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                       Director and Chief Accountant                       From July 2009 up to now
           Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                   Deputy General Manager of Finance Department        From May 2015 up to now




     6.5 Biography of Directors, Supervisors and senior management and
         information of their concurrent posts
           Directors
           Mr. Li Jianhong is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a master’s degree in
           Business Administration from East London University, England and a master’s degree in Economy and Management
           from Jilin University and is a senior economist. He is the Chairman of China Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently
           serves as the Chairman of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He was the Vice President of China
           Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, and the Director and President of China Merchants Group Ltd.. He was also the
           Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on Hong
           Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China International Marine Containers (Group) Limited (a company listed on
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments
           Co., Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Energy Shipping Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
           Exchange) and the Chairman of China Merchants Huajian Highway Investment Company Limited.
           Mr. Fu Gangfeng is the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Fu obtained a bachelor’s
           degree in Finance and a master’s degree in Management Engineering from Xi’an Highway College and is a senior
           accountant. He is the Director and General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd.. He concurrently serves as the
           Chairman of China Merchants Port Group Company Limited (招商局港口集團股份有限公司) (a company listed on
           Shenzhen Stock Exchange) and the Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants
           Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and the Chairman of the Board
           of Supervisors of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He was the Deputy Director of the Shekou
           ZhongHua Certified Public Accountants, the Director of the Chief Accountant Office and Deputy Chief Accountant of
           China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Holdings
           Co., Ltd., the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the General Manager of
           the Finance Division of China Merchants Group Ltd. and the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accountant of China
           Merchants Group Ltd. and the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局
           蛇口工業區控股股份有限公司).
China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure              99
Annual Report 2018


      Mr. Tian Huiyu is an Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He obtained a
      bachelor’s degree in Infrastructure Finance and Credit from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a
      master’s degree in Public Administration from Columbia University. He is a senior economist. He is concurrently
      the Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, the Chairman of CMBIC, the Chairman of CMB International Capital
      Corporation Limited, the Vice Chairman of Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited and the Chairman
      of Board of Supervisors of National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors. He was the Vice President
      of Trust Investment Branch of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 1998 to July 2003, and the Vice
      President of Bank of Shanghai from July 2003 to December 2006. He consecutively served as the Deputy General
      Manager of Shanghai Branch, the head of Shenzhen Branch, and the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch of
      China Construction Bank (“CCB”, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange)
      from December 2006 to March 2011. He acted as the Business Executive of retail banking at the Head Office and
      the Head and General Manager of Beijing Branch of CCB from March 2011 to May 2013. He joined the Company in
      May 2013 and has served as the President of the Company since September 2013.
      Ms. Sun Yueying is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Sun holds a bachelor’s degree and is a senior
      accountant. She is the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Finance Company Limited (中遠海
      運集團財務有限責任公司). She was the Chief Accountant of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited (中國遠洋
      海運集團有限公司) and the Chairman of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd..
      Mr. Li Hao is an Executive Director, First Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr.
      Li obtained a master’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California and is a senior
      accountant. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMFM and the Vice Chairman of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai
      Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd. (深圳市招銀前海金融資產交易中心有限公司), the Vice Chairman of CMB Wing
      Lung Bank, a Director of Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited, the Vice President of Payment &
      Clearing Association of China, Director and Vice President of Asset Management Association of China, and a Director
      of National Internet Finance Association of China. He joined the Company as the Executive Assistant President of the
      Head Office in May 1997. He was the General Manager of the Shanghai Branch of the Company from April 2000 to
      March 2002. He was an Executive Vice President of the Company since December 2001, the Chief Financial Officer
      since March 2007, an Executive Director of the Company since June 2007, and the First Executive Vice President of
      the Company since May 2013.
      Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree of World Economics
      in Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman of China
      Merchants Capital Investment Co., Ltd, the Chairman of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management
      Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司) and the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Co., Ltd. (招商
      局集團財務有限公司). He was the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head
      Office of China Merchants Bank, the Vice President at Wuhan Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of
      work) and General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor
      of China Merchants Bank, the Business Director and General Manager of the Assets and Liabilities Management
      Department of the Head Office, the President of Interbank Financial Department, the General Manager of the
      Assets Management Department of the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of
      Investment Banking and Financial Market Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department
      of the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office.
      Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Hong obtained a master’s degree in
      Economics from Peking University and a master’s degree in Science from Australian National University. He is a
      senior economist. He serves as the Director of China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited and the
      Assistant General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of
      the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and the Chairman and CEO of China Merchants Finance Holdings
      Company Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co.,
      Ltd., Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Assets Exchange Centre Co., Ltd. (深圳市招銀前海金融資產交易中心有限公司),
      China Merchants United Development Company Limited and China Merchants Innovative Investment Management
      Co., Ltd., and the Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co,. Ltd.. He served as the Chairman of
      China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and the Vice
      Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd..
100   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2018


            Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
            and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
            from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
            Merchants Group Ltd., General Manager of Finance Department, the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive
            Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants
            Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.. He concurrently serves as a Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company
            Limited, a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., a Director of China Merchants
            Innovative Investment (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資（國際）有限公司), a Director of China Merchants
            Innovation Investment General Partnership (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資普通合夥（國際）有限公司), a
            Director of Shi Jin Shi Credit Service Co., Ltd. (試金石信用服務有限公司), a Director of Siyuanhe Equity Investment
            Management Co., Ltd. (四 源 合 股 權 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司), a Director of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset
            Exchange Co., Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技有限公司), the
            Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited and the Vice Chairman
            of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd.. He had held various positions including General Manager of the
            Suzhou Branch of China Merchants Bank, Deputy General Manager of the Corporate Banking Department at the
            Head Office of China Merchants Bank (in charge), Business Director and General Manager of the Corporate Banking
            Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, Business Director and General Manager of the Credit Risk
            Management Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank and Business Director and General Manager
            of the Comprehensive Risk Management Office at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, and a Director of China
            Merchants Insurance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局保險控股有限公司) and China Merchants Ping An Asset Management
            Co., Ltd..
            Ms. Su Min is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Business Administration from China
            University of Technology. She is a senior accountant, certified public accountant and certified public valuer. She is
            the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and
            the General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Limited. She concurrently serves as a Director
            of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). She successively served as the Deputy Director of Property Office of the State-owned Assets Supervision
            and Administration Commission of Anhui Province, a Director of Huishang Bank, the Deputy General Manager and
            Chief Accountant of Anhui Energy Group Co., Ltd., the Chief Accountant and a member of the Communist Party
            of China Committee of China Shipping (Group) Company, the Chairman of CS Finance Company, the Chairman
            of COSCO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (中海融資租賃公司), a Director of Bank of Kunlun, and a Director of China
            Shipping Development Co., Ltd.(a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and
            China Shipping Container Lines Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai
            Stock Exchange). She served as a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. (招商局
            創新投資管理有限責任公司) and a Supervisor of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd..
            Mr. Wang Daxiong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in
            Shipping Finance and Accounting from the Department of Marine Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime
            University and a master’s degree in Business Administration for Senior Management from Shanghai University of
            Finance and Economics. He is a senior accountant. He is the Chairman of COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co.,
            Ltd, the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company
            listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He concurrently serves as a Director of China
            Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), the
            Chairman of COSCOSHIPPING Capital Insurance Co., Ltd. (中遠海運財產保險自保有限公司) and a Vice Chairman
            of New China COSCO Financial Holdings Limited (新華遠海金融控股有限公司). He served as a Director of China
            Merchants Bank from March 1998 to March 2014. He also served as the Vice President and Chief Accountant of
            China Shipping (Group) Company, Deputy General Manager of China Shipping (Group) Company and the Chairman
            of China Shipping (HK) Holdings Limited.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure             101
Annual Report 2018


      Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Leung obtained a
      bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong. He also attended Harvard Business School’s
      Program for Management Development and Advanced Management Program. He is the Chairman and Chief
      Executive Officer of Nan Fung Group, the Chairman and co-founder of New Frontier, and the Chairman of two
      charitable organizations, Heifer – Hong Kong and “Food Angel”. Mr. Leung served as a member of Blackstone’s
      Executive Committee, the Senior Managing Director and the Chairman of Greater China Region. He also acted as
      the Chairman of Asia for JP Morgan Chase and worked for Citi in various positions, including the country corporate
      officer for Hong Kong SAR and China, the Regional Treasurer for North Asia, head of Investment Banking for North
      Asia, South West Asia and head of Private Banking for Asia. Past board membership of Mr. Leung included an
      Independent Director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited and American International
      Assurance, the Vice Chairman of China National Bluestar Group, a member of the international advisory board of
      China Development Bank and European Advisory Group. In terms of government services, Mr. Leung had served
      as financial secretary, non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong SAR, Chairman of the Education
      Commission, Chairman of the University Grants Committee, member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee,
      member of the Preparatory Committee for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and Election Committee
      and Hong Kong Affairs Advisors to the Chinese Government, a member of the Board of Hong Kong Airport
      Authority and a Director of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange.
      Mr. Pan Chengwei is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Pan obtained an associate
      bachelor’s degree from Cadre Institute under the Ministry of Transport and is an accountant. He is an Independent
      Non-Executive Director of China International Marine Containers (Group) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange).He was the General Manager of the Finance Department
      of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, the General Manager of the Finance Department of COSCO (Hong
      Kong)Group Limited, the General Manager of COSCO (H.K.) Property Development Limited, the General Manager
      of COSCO (H.K.) Industry & Trade Holdings Ltd., the Chief Representative of Shenzhen Representative Office of
      COSCOHK Group, the General Manager of COSCO (Cayman) Fortune Holding Co., Ltd. and its Hong Kong branch,
      and the Compliance Manager of the Fuel Oil Futures Department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company.
      Mr. Zhao Jun is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s degree
      from the Department of Shipbuilding Engineering of Harbin Engineering University, a master’s degree from the
      Department of Ocean Engineering of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, a doctorate degree in Civil Engineering from
      the University of Houston, a master’s degree in Financial Management from the School of Management of Yale
      University, and an EMBA in PBC School of Finance of Tsinghua University. Mr. Zhao is currently the Chairman of
      Beijing Fellow Partners Investment Management Ltd.. He concurrently serves as the Independent Non-Executive
      Director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (a company listed on New York Stock Exchange) and the
      Independent Non-Executive Director of Sichuan Xunyou Network Technology Co., Ltd. (四川迅遊網絡科技股份有限
      公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. He was a Managing Partner of DT Capital Partners, the
      Managing Director and the Chief Representative in China of ChinaVest, Ltd..
      Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
      Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctoral degree in Transformational
      Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
      Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司), EC World Asset Management Private Limited and an
      Independent Director of Tahoe Life Insurance Company Limited. He previously served as the Deputy Chief Executive
      of BOCHK, head of ABN AMRO Bank for the Southeast Asia region, Managing Director and President for the
      Southeast Asia region, and the head of the Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管), a Director
      of Bank of China Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC Group Trustee Company
      Limited, the Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK Asset Management
      Limited, a member of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s Office Singapore (新加
      坡總理辦公室公務員學院), Client Consulting Commission of Thomson Reuters (Thomson Reuters客戶諮詢委員會) and
      Financial Management Commission of the Hong Kong Administration Society (香港管理學會財務管理委員會).
102   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2018


            Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a Ph.D. in Economics and
            a double post-doctoral degree in Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical Economics from
            Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing Jiaotong University,
            the Joint Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the Director of
            Beijing Laboratory of National Economic Security Pre-Warning Project, the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects of
            the National Social Science Fund, the Project Review Expert of the National Social Science Fund, the Chairman of the
            Professional Committee of the Logistics Informatization and Industrial Security System of the Institute of Electrical
            and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and a special economic analyst of Xinhua News Agency. He concurrently serves
            as the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the Expert Committee of China Human Resource Development
            Association, the Deputy Director of the Independent Board Committee of China Association for Public Companies,
            an Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Hunan
            Copote Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange).He served as an Independent
            Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group) Joint-stock Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and
            an Independent Non-Executive Director of Yuxing InfoTech Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong
            Kong Stock Exchange).
            Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a bachelor of science degree in
            Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the Institute of
            Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles in the United
            States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has been serving as the Dean
            at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance and Economics and doctoral
            supervisor. He is also a member of the 17th Session of the Public Offering Review Committee of the CSRC and the
            expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen
            Stock Exchange, the China Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., the Vice
            Chairman of the China Enterprise Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), an Independent
            Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), an Independent
            Non-Executive Director of ZH International Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and
            an Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange).Mr. Liu served
            as an assistant professor at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the
            Asia-Pacific Corporate Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company and an assistant professor and associate
            professor (with tenure) at the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Hong Kong.



            Supervisors
            Mr. Liu Yuan is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and an Employee Supervisor. Mr. Liu
            obtained a bachelor’s degree in Global Economy from Renmin University of China and is a senior economist. He
            is concurrently a member of the council of Shenzhen Finance Institute, The Chinese University of Hong Kong
            (Shenzhen), a visiting professor of Renmin University of China, the Chairman of the professional committee
            under the supervisory committee of Chinese Association of Listed Companies and a member of Shenzhen Finance
            Development Decision-making Consultation Committee (深圳市金融發展決策諮詢委員會). He served as the deputy
            section officer and section officer of the management office of foreign affairs bureau (外事局管理處) of the People’s
            Bank of China from August 1984 to October 1991. He was the Secretary (division deputy level) and Deputy Chief
            of the Monetary Office of Foreign Exchange Affairs Division (外匯業務司金管處) of State Administration of Foreign
            Exchange from October 1991 to February 1994. He held the positions of Secretary of the General Office (辦公廳正處
            級秘書), researcher of the regulatory office I of the banking division (銀行司監管一處調研員), head of the regulatory
            office III of the banking regulatory division II (銀行監管二司監管三處處長) and head of the regulatory office VII of the
            banking regulatory division II (銀行監管二司監管七處處長) of the People’s Bank of China from February 1994 to July
            2003. He served as the deputy head of the Banking Supervision Department II (銀行監管二部副主任) of the CBRC,
            director of CBRC Shanxi Bureau, director of CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, head of the Banking-related Case Audit Bureau
            (銀行業案件稽查局局長) of the CBRC and head of the Banking-related Consumer Protection Bureau (銀行業消費者
            權益保護局) of the CBRC from July 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the
            Company since August 2014.
            Mr. Wen Jianguo is a Shareholder Supervisor, a university graduate and an accountant. He is a Director and Chief
            Accountant of Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團有限公司) and concurrently a Director and Vice Chairman
            of Hebei Port Group Finance Company Limited and a Director of Caida Securities and Bank of Hebei Co., Ltd.. He
            once served as a deputy head and head of Finance Department of Qinhuangdao Port Bureau (秦皇島港務局) as well
            as head of Finance Department of Qinhuangdao Port Group Co., Ltd.. He served as a Director and Chief Accountant
            of Qinhuangdao Port Group Co., Ltd. from July 2007 to July 2009. He served as a Shareholder Supervisor of the
            Company from June 2010 to May 2013.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure              103
Annual Report 2018


      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a senior
      accountant. He is a Deputy General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited,
      and General Manager of SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd.. He consecutively served as a Deputy
      Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of
      Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company, Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as
      a Division Head, Assistant to Executive Controller and concurrently a Manager of Accounting Division of Finance
      Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March 2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu
      Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015, and
      concurrently serving as a Director and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華域汽
      車系統（上海）有限公司) during the period from May 2014 to May 2015.
      Mr. Jin Qingjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in Law from the Graduate
      School of China University of Political Science and Law. He is concurrently the senior partner of King & Wood
      Mallesons, Beijing and a part-time professor at the School of Law in both China University of Political Science and
      Law and Renmin University of China; a co-tutor for students of master’s degree at the School of Law, Tsinghua
      University; an arbitrator of Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai International Arbitration Center
      and Arbitration Foundation of Southern Africa; a mediator of Shenzhen Securities and Futures Dispute Resolution
      Centre; and the PRC legal counsel of US Court of Appeals for the Washington D.C. Circuit. Currently, he serves as an
      Independent Director of Sino-Ocean Group Holding Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), Bank
      of Tianjin Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (a company
      listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), CSG Holding Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Times China Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), Zhong
      Fa Zhan Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), Shenzhen Asiantime International
      Construction Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Invesco Great Wall Fund Management
      Company Limited as well as a director of Shenzhen Kondarl (Group) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock
      Exchange). He once served as an Independent Director of China International Marine Containers (Group) Co., Ltd. (a
      company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange), New China Asset Management Co.,
      Ltd., Xi’an Dagang Road Machinery Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Tianjin Changrong
      Print and Packing Equipment Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange) and Gemdale Corporation
      (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) as well as a Director of Konka Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shenzhen Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Ding Huiping is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a doctorate degree in Enterprise
      Economics from Universitet I Linkoeping in Sweden. He is currently a professor and a tutor of doctorate candidates
      in the School of Economics and Management and the head of PRC Enterprise Competitiveness Research Center of
      Beijing Jiaotong University, and Honorary Professor in the Business School of Duquesne University. He is concurrently
      an Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), Metro Land Corporation Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
      Exchange), Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd.. He has been an Independent Director of Shandong Luneng
      Taishan Cable Company Limited (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Road & Bridge International Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), China International Marine Containers (Group) Ltd. (a company
      listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange) and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a
      company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director
      of the Company from May 2003 to May 2006.
      Mr. Han Zirong is an External Supervisor of the Company, an economist and certified public accountant. Mr. Han
      obtained a bachelor’s degree from Jilin Finance and Trade College. He has been a partner of Shu Lun Pan Hong
      Kong CPA Limited, and has concurrently been an External Supervisor of Bank of Chengdu Corporation Limited (a
      company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Bank of Hainan. He served as a credit
      administrator of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Changchun Branch from August 1985 to October 1992.
      From October 1992 to September 1997, he served as an Assistant Director in Accounting Firm of Shenzhen Audit
      Bureau (深圳市審計局審計師事務所). He served as a managing partner of Shenzhen Finance Accounting Firm (深圳
      市融信會計師事務所) from October 1997 to October 2008. He served as a senior partner of Daxin Certified Public
      Accountants from October 2008 to October 2012.
104   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2018


            Mr. Wang Wanqing is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
            Language & Literature from Anhui University. Mr. Wang currently serves as the Business Director of the Head Office
            and the General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. He is concurrently the executive member of
            the China Institute of Internal Audit. Mr. Wang started his career in Anhui University in July 1986. He worked in
            the General Office in Anhui Province from November 1991 to February 2001. From February 2001 to April 2007, he
            successively served as the Head, Assistant President and Vice President of the Hefei Branch of the Company. From
            April 2007 to August 2012, he served as the General Manager of the Human Resources Department at the Head
            Office of the Company and the Deputy Director of the Labour Union. From September 2012 to March 2014, he
            served as the Business Director of the Head Office of the Company, the General Manager of the Human Resources
            Department and the Deputy Director of the Labour Union. He has been an Employee Supervisor of the Company
            since July 2018.
            Ms. Huang Dan is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Computer
            Software from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, and a master’s degree in Finance from Southwestern
            University of Finance and Economics and is an engineer. She is the Deputy Director of the Labor Union of the Head
            Office of the Company. She started her career in Tongji Medical University in July 1988, and then served in China
            Chang Jiang Energy Corp. (Group) in April 1993. She joined the Human Resources Department of the Head Office
            of the Company in April 1994 and successively served as Assistant Manager, Deputy Manager, Manager and Senior
            Manager. She successively served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager in the Human
            Resources Department of the Head Office of the Company from April 2005 to December 2014. She has been an
            Employee Supervisor of the Company since March 2015.



            Senior management
            Mr. Tian Huiyu, please refer to Mr. Tian Huiyu’s biography under the paragraph headed “Directors” above.
            Mr. Liu Yuan, please refer to Mr. Liu Yuan’s biography under the paragraph headed “Supervisors” above.
            Mr. Li Hao, please refer to Mr. Li Hao’s biography under the paragraph headed “Directors” above.
            Mr. Tang Zhihong is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
            Language and Literature from Jilin University and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in May 1995.
            He successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Shenyang Branch, the deputy head of the Shenzhen
            Administration Unit, the General Manager of Lanzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch, the head
            of the Shenzhen Administration Unit, and an Executive Assistant President of the Head Office. He has been an
            Executive Vice President of the Company since May 2006. He concurrently serves as a Director of Asian Financial
            Cooperation Association.
            Mr. Liu Jianjun is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in National
            Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He has successively served
            as the Deputy General Manager of Jinan Branch of the Company, the General Manager of the Retail Banking
            Department under the Head Office, a Senior Vice President of the Retail Banking Department under the Head Office
            and the Business Executive since September 2000. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since
            December 2013. He is concurrently the Director of the Credit Card Center of the Company, the Chairman of CIGNA
            & CMB Life Insurance and a Director of China UnionPay Co., Ltd. and a member of Visa Asia Pacific Senior Advisory
            Council.
            Mr. Xiong Liangjun is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company. Mr. Xiong obtained a
            master’s degree in Money and Banking from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics and an EMBA degree
            from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business. He is a senior economist. He successively served as the Deputy
            Director-General of the CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, the Director-General of CBRC Guangxi Bureau and CBRC Shenzhen
            Bureau from September 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the
            Company since July 2014.
            Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Vice President and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr.
            Wang obtained a master’s degree in Money and Banking from Renmin University of China and is a senior economist.
            He successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of
            Beijing Branch of the Company. He served as the Executive Assistant President of the Company and concurrently, the
            General Manager of Beijing Branch since June 2012. He ceased to serve as the General Manager of Beijing Branch
            in November 2013, and has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since January 2015. He has
            concurrently served as the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company since November 2016.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure             105
Annual Report 2018


      Mr. Wang Jianzhong is a member of the CPC Committee of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in
      Accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and is an assistant economist. Mr. Wang joined
      the Company in November 1991 and successively served as the General Manager of Changsha Branch, the Deputy
      General Manager of Corporate Banking Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Foshan Branch, the
      General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Business Director of General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the Head
      Office and the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company since October 2002. He serves as a Member of
      the CPC Committee of the Company and has concurrently served as the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the
      Company since April 2017.
      Mr. Shi Shunhua is a member of the CPC Committee of the Company. He obtained an MBA degree from China
      Europe International Business School and is a senior economist. Mr. Shi joined the Company in November 1996
      and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and the Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Branch
      of the Company, the General Manager of Suzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the
      Business Director of General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the Head Office since May 2003. He has served
      as a Member of the CPC Committee of the Company since April 2017. He is concurrently the Business Director of
      General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the Head Office of the Company.



      Joint company secretaries
      Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to his biography in “Senior management” above.
      Mrs. Seng Sze Ka Mee, Natalia, the Company’s Joint Company Secretary, holds a master’s degree in Business
      Administration (Executive) from City University of Hong Kong, a Chartered Secretary. She is the Vice Chairman of
      Tricor Hong Kong and Offshore, and Member of Tricor China Management Committee (hereafter collectively referred
      to as “Tricor”). She leads the strategic development and management of Tricor’s operations across Hong Kong,
      China and Offshore markets. Her professional practice area covers business advisory, corporate governance, fiduciary
      services and regulatory compliance for private and public listed companies and non-profit organisations. Mrs.
      Seng is a Past President (2007-2009) and an incumbent Council Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
      Secretaries (HKICS), a Fellow of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong (TIHK) and The Hong Kong Institute of Directors
      (HKIoD) and a Council Member of The Hong Kong Committee for UNICEF. She has been appointed by government
      as a member of the Standing Committee on Company Law Reform (SCCLR) for a period of two consecutive terms
      (February 2016 – January 2020), and has represented HKICS as a member of an Advisory Group on the Rewrite of
      the Companies Ordinance. She was also appointed by government as a lay member to the Council of the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) (December 2013 – November 2015).
106   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2018



      6.6 Evaluation and incentive system for Directors, Supervisors and
          senior management
            The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and external Supervisors according to the “Resolution
            in respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in respect of Adjustment
            to Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting;
            offers remuneration to Executive Directors and other senior executives according to the “Policies on Remunerations
            of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”; and offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors in
            accordance with the policies on remuneration of employees of the Company. All of the Directors and Supervisors
            nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the Company.
            The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management through the “Policies
            on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment Standards
            of the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to the “Policies on
            Evaluation of Performance of Directors by the Board of Supervisors” and the “Policies on Evaluation of Performance
            of Supervisors by the Board of Supervisors”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of
            the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course, reviewing and
            evaluating their annual duty performance record (including but not limited to, attendance of meetings, participation
            of researches, provision of recommendations and the term of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance
            Self-Evaluation Questionnaire” completed by each Director and Supervisor and work summaries, and then reports
            the same to the general meeting and regulatory authorities. According to the “Policies on Evaluation of Duty
            Performance of Senior Management by the Board of Supervisors (Trial)”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the
            annual duty performance of senior management through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary
            course and accessing to their duty performance information (including but not limited to, major speeches, major
            meeting minutes and the evaluation of the duty performance of senior management by the Board of Directors),
            duty performance interviews and work reports, and then reports the same to the General Meeting and regulatory
            authorities.



      6.7 Information about employees
            As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 74,590 employees (including dispatched employees). The
            classification of our employees by profession is: 30,625 employees in retail finance, 16,056 employees in corporate
            finance, 13,884 employees in operation management, 7,547 employees in general management, 3,895 employees
            in risk management, 2,003 employees in research and development, and 580 employees in administrative and
            logistical support. The classification of our employees by educational background is: 14,461 employees with master’s
            degree and above, 52,280 employees with bachelor’s degree, 6,887 employees with junior college degree, and 962
            employees with technical secondary school degrees or below.
            During the reporting period, there was no change in the personnel including the Company’s core technical team and
            key technical staff who may have significant influence on the Company’s core competitiveness.



            Staff remuneration policy
            The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its operation targets, cultural concepts and values. It aims to
            refine and improve its incentive and restrictive mechanisms, realise its corporate goals, enhance its organizational
            performance and minimise its operating risk. The remuneration policy adheres to the principles of remuneration
            management featuring “strategic orientation, performance enhancement, risk control, internal fairness and market
            adaptation” and reflects the remuneration concept of “fixing remuneration based on positions and workload”.



            Staff education and training program
            The Company has formulated a categorised professional staff training system covering all its staff, and established
            the college education for medium-to-long term cultivation of talents, and short-term training and diversified
            education, aiming at promptly improving its staff’s competence. The contents of training focus mainly on knowledge
            of its business and products, professional ethics and security, management skills and leadership. During the reporting
            period, the Company fully completed all its training and education programs.
China Merchants Bank                VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                      107
Annual Report 2018



6.8 Branches and representative offices
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to push forward expansion of its branch network.The Company
      was approved to establish Sanya Branch (second-level), and Zhoushan Branch (second-level) in Zhejiang Pilot Free
      Trade Zone.
      The following table sets forth the branches and representative offices as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                                                  Volume of
                                                                                                                                                      assets
                                                                                                                                No. of   No. of       (RMB
      Regions                 Name of branches            Business address                                      Postal code   branches    Staff     million)

      Head Office             Head Office                 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen                          518040          1    4,804    2,646,099
                              Credit Card Center          686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai            201201          1    6,327      547,567


      Yangtze River Delta     Shanghai Branch             1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New District,             200120         96    4,834      183,406
                                                             Shanghai
                              Shanghai Pilot Free Trade   6 Jilong Road, Waigaoqiao Bonded Area, Pudong             200131          1       43       23,260
                                 Zone Branch                 New District, Shanghai
                              Nanjing Branch              199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing                 210005         80    2,894      159,709
                              Hangzhou Branch             23 Hangda Road, Hangzhou                                  310007         74    2,671      155,715
                              Ningbo Branch               342 Min’an East Road, Ningbo                              315042         31    1,174       64,344
                              Suzhou Branch               36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park, Suzhou               215028         29    1,313      101,645
                              Wuxi Branch                 6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu District,        214001         18      741       35,551
                                                             Wuxi
                              Wenzhou Branch              1-3/F, Block 2, 4, 5, Hongshengjin Garden, Wuqiao         325000         13      544       30,839
                                                             Avenue, Lucheng District, Wenzhou
                              Nantong Branch              111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                                226007         13      537       23,139

      Bohai Rim               Beijing Representative      26/F, Building 3, No.1 Yuetan South Street, Xicheng       100045          1        9            –
                                 Office                      District, Beijing
                              Beijing Branch              156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District, Beijing        100031         99    4,853      304,705
                              Qingdao Branch              65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao                 266103         49    1,586       45,937
                              Tianjin Branch              255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road, Hexi               300201         44    1,790       78,227
                                                             District, Tianjin
                              Jinan Branch                7 Gongqingtuan Road, Jinan                                250012         59    1,805       65,742
                              Yantai Branch               66 Zhujiang Road, Economic & Technological                264006         19      541       14,069
                                                             Development Area, Yantai
                              Shijiazhuang Branch         172 Zhonghua Street South, Shijiazhuang                   050000         13      444       14,240
                              Tangshan Branch             45 Beixin Road West, Lubei District, Tangshan             063000          7      227        3,223

      Pearl River Delta and   Guangzhou Branch            5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou                 510623         80    2,746      133,909
        West Side of          Shenzhen Branch             2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen         518001        115    5,185      354,375
        Taiwan Strait         Fuzhou Branch               316 Jiangbingzhong Boulevard Road, Fuzhou                 350014         32    1,148       56,350
                              Xiamen Branch               18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District, Xiamen              361012         31      990       52,904
                              Quanzhou Branch             Huangxing Building, No. 301, the middle section of        362000         18      485       17,683
                                                             Fengze Street, Quanzhou
                              Dongguan Branch             200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District, Dongguan              523000         28      909       38,623
                              Foshan Branch               12 Denghu Road East, Guicheng Street, Nanhai              528200         31      937       42,354
                                                             District, Foshan
108   China Merchants Bank               VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2018



                                                                                                                                                      Volume of
                                                                                                                                                          assets
                                                                                                                                    No. of   No. of       (RMB
            Regions               Name of branches            Business address                                      Postal code   branches    Staff     million)
            North-eastern China   Shenyang Branch             12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang               110003         60     1,655      45,778
                                  Dalian Branch               17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian                116001         38     1,267      32,330
                                  Harbin Branch               3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin                150010         38     1,086      42,258
                                  Changchun Branch            9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun           130022         29      700       24,002

            Central China         Wuhan Branch                518 Jianshe Avenue, Wuhan                                 430022        105     2,695     126,424
                                  Nanchang Branch             468 Dieshan Road, Donghu District, Nanchang               330008         56     1,509      72,518
                                  Changsha Branch             766 Wuyi Avenue, Changsha                                 410005         43     1,466      41,785
                                  Hefei Branch                169 Funan Road, Hefei                                     230001         42     1,281      47,610
                                  Zhengzhou Branch            96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                            450018         42     1,280      60,472
                                  Taiyuan Branch              265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian District,               030012         28      878       28,919
                                                                  Taiyuan
                                  Haikou Branch               Complex Building C, Haian Yihao, 1 Shimao Road            570125         10      288       11,353
                                                                  North, Haikou

            Western China         Chengdu Branch              No. 1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road South,              610000         52     1,617      55,573
                                                                  Wuhou District, Chengdu
                                  Lanzhou Branch              9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou              730030         28      906       27,073
                                  Xi’an Branch                1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Xi’an                                 710075         64     1,859      61,466
                                  Chongqing Branch            88 Xingguang Road, New North District, Chongqing          401121         47     1,656      72,429
                                  Urumchi Branch              2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                                   830006         16      771       23,650
                                  Kunming Branch              1 Chongren Street Wuhua District, Kunming                 650021         46     1,278      53,047
                                  Hohhot Branch               9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District, Huhhot              010098         21      625       21,576
                                  Nanning Branch              92-1 Minzu Avenue, Nanning                                530022         21      522       23,120
                                  Guiyang Branch              284 Zhonghua Road North, Yunyan District, Guiyang         550001         18      455       18,892
                                  Yinchuan Branch             138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan         750001         16      404       12,873
                                  Xining Branch               4 Xinning Road, Chengxi District, Xining                  810000         10      265       10,450


            Outside Mainland      Hong Kong Branch            12 Harcourt Road, Central, Hong Kong                            –         1      250      155,201
              China               USA Representative Office   23rd Floor, 535 Madison Avenue,
                                                              New York, U.S.A                                            10022          1        1            –
                                  New York Branch             23rd Floor,535 Madison Avenue,
                                                              New York, U.S.A                                            10022          1      131       41,750
                                  Singapore Branch            1 Raffles Place, Tower 2, #32-61, Singapore               048616          1       50       13,081
                                  London Representative       18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                           –         1        1            –
                                      Office
                                  Taipei Representative       333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District, Taipei             –         1        2            –
                                      Office
                                  Luxembourg Branch           20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg                     L-2449          1       43       15,584
                                  London Branch               18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                           –         1       45        8,424
                                  Sydney Branch               L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                           –         1       29        6,362

            Other assignments     –                           –                                                               –          –      38            –

            Total                 –                           –                                                               –      1,822   74,590   6,347,615
China Merchants Bank                                                              VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                109
Annual Report 2018



6.9 The Company’s organisational structure:
                                                                                        Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                                         Office of Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                              Supervision and Management Center for
                                                                                                General Office
                                                                                                                                               the Protection of Customer Interests#

                                                                                        Human Resources Department


                                                                               Strategic Planning and Implementation Department


                                                                                Assets and Liabilities Management Department                   Investment Management Department#


                                                                                       Financial Accounting Department                        Procurement Management Department#


                                                                                                                                                Project Management Department#
                                                                                                Strategic Customers Department




                                       General Office of Corporate
                                                                                               Institutional Customers Department                 Pension Finance Department#


                                                                                                Financial Institutions Department




                                                Finance
                                                                                             Small Enterprises Finance Department                     Loan Approval Center#




                        Head Office
                                                                                                Transaction Banking Department                             Bills Center#


                                                                                                    Offshore Finance Center




                                        General Office of Investment
                                                                                                Investment Banking Department




 China Merchants Bank
                                                                                                  Financial Market Department




                        Branches


                                       Banking and Financial Markets
                                                                                                 Asset Management Department


                                                                                                   Asset Custody Department


                                                                                                   Bills Business Department*




                        Sub-branches




                                            General Office of Retail Finance
                                                                                                                                                Network Operation Service Center#

                                                                                                Wealth Management Department


                                                                                                  Private Banking Department                           Overseas Divisions#

                                                                                               Retail Credit Business Department
                                                                                               (Inclusive Finance Service Center)
                                                                                                     Credit Card Center
                                                                                                 (Consumer Finance Center)

                                                                                                                                            Operational Risk Management Department#

                                                                                                                                              Market Risk Management Department#
                                                                                        Risk Management Department
                                                                                                                                                      Loan Approval Center#
                                                                                         Credit Approval Department
                                                                                                                                                       Pre-warning Center#
                                                                                          Asset Security Department
                                                                                                                                                 Special Assets Operating Center#

                                                                                      Operation Management Department
                                                                                                                                                        Operation Center#

                                                                                      Information Technology Department
                                                                                                                                                Research and Development Center#

                                                                                               Audit Department
                                                                                                                                                         Testing Center#

                                                                                            Inspection Department
                                                                                                                                                          Data Center#

                                                                                        Legal Compliance Department                                   Security Department#

                                                                                            CMB Research Institute                          Anti-money Laundering Management Center#


                                                                                                Training Center


                                                                                        Labor Union of the Head Office


                                                                                          Administration Department

                                                                                   Representative Offices (Beijing, Shanghai,
                                                                                   United States of America, London, Taipei)
                                                                                                                                    Note：#secondary department
                                                                                             Banking Department                          *independent secondary department
110   China Merchants Bank                 VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018



      Corporate Governance

      7.1 Corporate governance structure:
                                                                    Shareholders’ General Meeting


                   Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                                   Nomination Committee

                 Nomination Committee                       Board of Directors           Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                   Supervisory Committee

               Remuneration and Appraisal
                      Committee                                                                           Office of Board of
                                                                           Office of the Board of
                                                                                  Directors                  Supervisors

         Risk and Capital Management Committee


                                                                                                                         Assets and Liabilities Management Committee

                    Audit Committee

                                                                                                                        Risk and Compliance Management Committee
         Related Party Transactions Management and                 Executive Office of
           Consumer Rights Protection Committee                        President
                                                                                                                                IT Management Committee

                      Shanghai Audit                                                      Beijing Audit
                         Division                                                            Division
                                                                                                                        Business Continuity and Emergency Committee
                                                     Audit Department

                      Shenzhen Audit                                                      Xi’an Audit
                          Division                                                          Division                                 Fintech Committee


                       Nanjing Audit                                                      Wuhan Audit
                          Division                                                          Division



                      Shenyang Audit                                                     Chengdu Audit
                          Division                                                          Division


                                                                                          Fuzhou Audit
                                                                                             Division
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                          111
Annual Report 2018



7.2 Overview of corporate governance
      During the reporting period, the Company convened a total of 59 important meetings at which 258 proposals were
      reviewed and 44 reports were delivered. Among the 59 meetings, there were 2 shareholders’ general meetings (19
      proposals were reviewed), 18 meetings of the Board of Directors (95 proposals were reviewed and 16 reports were
      delivered), 7 meetings of the Board of Supervisors (31 proposals were reviewed and 10 reports were delivered), 28
      meetings of the special committees under the Board of Directors (108 proposals were reviewed and 17 reports were
      delivered), 3 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors (5 proposals were reviewed) and 1
      meeting of Non-Executive Directors (1 report was delivered). In addition, 3 special researches were organised by the
      Board of Directors, and 4 by the Board of Supervisors.
      Having conducted thorough self-inspection, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance of its corporate
      governance practice during the reporting period with the requirements set out in the CSRC’s regulatory documents
      governing the corporate governance of listed companies.
      During the reporting period, the Company received recognitions from the capital markets and regulatory authorities
      in respect of corporate governance, information disclosure as well as investor relations management, and won a
      number of honors, mainly including the “Best Board of Directors Award” and the “Most Innovative Board Secretary
      Award” in the selection of the “Gold Round Table Award” by the Board of Directors; the “Gold Award for Annual
      Reports Worldwide” selected by League of American Communications Professionals LLC, the highest level of “A” in
      the annual evaluation of information disclosures by Shanghai Stock Exchange; the awards of “Best Investor Relations
      Management Company”, the “Best Corporate Governance” and the “Best Analyst Open Day” for the Asian listed
      banks selected by Institutional Investor of U.S., and the “Best IR Companies Listed in Hong Kong” hosted firstly by
      the New Fortune magazine.



7.3 Information about general meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 2 shareholders’ general meetings, namely the 2017 Annual
      General Meeting on 27 June 2018 and the 2018 First Extraordinary General Meeting on 7 November 2018.
      For details of the resolutions, please refer to the documents on shareholders’ general meetings published on the
      websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company as well as the circulars regarding the shareholders’ general
      meetings published on the websites of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The notification, gathering,
      convening and voting procedures of the meetings complied with relevant requirements of the Company Law of the
      People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Relevant
      resolutions were published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      Company and on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times. For more information on
      the attendance of Directors at shareholders’ general meetings, please refer to the section headed “Attendance of
      Directors at Relevant Meetings” of this report.
112   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018



      7.4 Board of Directors
            The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
            passed by the general meetings; formulating of the Company’s major principles and policies, including development
            strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, remuneration regulations; deciding on the
            Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals and the establishment of internal management
            organs; preparing annual financial budgets, final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and
            evaluating members of senior management. The Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full
            responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers
            in terms of operation and makes daily decisions on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the
            Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily
            operation and management.
            The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
            establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
            efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on key
            issues, directions, and strategies, and continues to strengthen the development philosophy to seek balance, health
            and sustainability. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamic and balanced development
            in quality, efficiency and scale through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital, remuneration, internal
            control and connected transactions, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company to enhance its operation and
            management capabilities.



      7.4.1 Composition of the Board of Directors
            At present, the Board of Directors of the Company has sixteen members, including eight Non-Executive Directors,
            two Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the eight Non-Executive Directors are from
            large state-owned enterprises where they hold key positions such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, General
            Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer. They have extensive experience in management,
            finance and accounting fields. Both Executive Directors have been engaged in financial management for a long time
            with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-Executive Directors, there are renowned
            experts in accounting and finance and financial experts and investment bankers with international vision, and they
            all have extensive knowledge of the development of domestic and overseas banking industry. The two Independent
            Non-Executive Directors from Hong Kong are proficient in international accounting standards and the requirements
            of Hong Kong capital market. The Board of Directors of the Company has two female Directors who, together
            with other Directors of the Company, offer professional opinions to the Company in their respective fields. Such
            diversified composition of the Board of Directors of the Company has brought about a wide spectrum of vision and
            highly professional experience, and also has maintained strong independence which enables the Board of Directors
            to make independent judgments and scientific decisions effectively when studying and considering important issues.
            The Company values the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and has had in place policies requiring
            that the Nomination Committee of the Company shall review the structure, number of Directors and composition
            (including their skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board of Directors regularly and put forward proposals in
            respect of any intended changes to the Board of Directors in line with the strategies of the Company.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in Chapter VI of this report. To comply with the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all corporate communications of the
            Company which disclose their names.
China Merchants Bank         VII Corporate Governance                                                                               113
Annual Report 2018


7.4.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
      In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
      replaced by shareholders at general meetings, and the term of office for a Director shall be three years commencing
      from the date on which the approval from the banking regulatory authority of the State Council is obtained. A
      Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The Director’s term of office shall
      not be terminated without any justification at a general meeting before expiry of his/her term.
      A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a general meeting before the expiry of his/her term of office
      in accordance with relevant laws and administrative regulations (however, any claim made in accordance with any
      contract will not be affected).
      The term of office for Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
      Directors of the Company. The term of office for an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company shall
      comply with the relevant laws and requirements of the governing authority.
      The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors of the Company are set out in the Articles
      of Association of the Company. The Nomination Committee of the Company carefully considers the qualifications
      and experience of every candidate for Director and recommends suitable candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon
      passing the candidate nomination proposal, the Board of Directors proposes election of related candidates at a
      general meeting and proposes the relevant resolution at a general meeting for consideration and approval.



7.4.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      During the reporting period, all Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently exercised their rights
      under the articles of association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory rules, devoted sufficient
      time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of the Company were fully
      compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and economic policies of the country,
      gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation and management of the Company, and
      fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative regulations, departmental regulations and
      the Articles of Association of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual
      responsibilities towards shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the
      Board of Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors was 96%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional advice on the resolutions
      reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant matters such
      as the preliminary profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors, changes in accounting policies,
      engagement of accounting firms, related party transactions and external guarantees. In addition, for the relevant
      special committees under the Board of Directors, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company made full
      advantage of their professional edge, provided professional and independent advice regarding corporate governance
      and operation management of the Company, and thereby ensured the scientific decision-making of the Board of
      Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, for which it also consulted
      the senior management for their opinions and took consideration of those opinions of the Board of Supervisors. The
      Board of Directors believes that it has effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the interests of the Company
      and shareholders during the reporting period. The Company is of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted
      sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company also pays high attention to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have a
      proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the laws and the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange,
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has renewed the
      “insurance for liabilities of Directors and senior management” for all its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Company initiated annual appraisal of the performance of Directors performed by
      the Board of Supervisors, and annual report and cross-appraisal performed by Independent Non-Executive Directors.
      The appraisal results have been reported to the general meeting.
114   China Merchants Bank                  VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018


      7.4.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
            The position of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company has been taken up by
            different persons and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong
            Listing Rules. Mr. Li Jianhong serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and is responsible for leading the
            Board of Directors, ensuring that all Directors are updated regarding issues arising at board meetings, managing
            the operations of the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major and relevant issues are discussed by the Board
            of Directors in a constructive and timely manner. In order to allow the Board of Directors to discuss all major and
            relevant matters in time, the Chairman and senior management worked together to ensure that the Directors duly
            receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Tian Huiyu serves as the
            President, responsible for the business operations and implementation of the strategic and business plans of the
            Company.



      7.4.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the shareholders’ general meetings held in
            2018.
                                                                                        Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                     Related Party
                                                                                                                                                      Transactions
                                                                                                                                                     Management
                                                                                                                      Risk and                      and Consumer
                                                                                                Remuneration            Capital                             Rights    Shareholders’
                                                     Board of        Strategy    Nomination and Appraisal Management                       Audit        Protection         General
            Directors                              Directors (1)   Committee      Committee        Committee        Committee         Committee        Committee           Meeting
                                                                                   Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance(2)
            Non-Executive Directors
            Li Jianhong                                  18/18            7/7            3/3                /                /                 /                 /              0/2
            Fu Gangfeng                                  18/18            7/7               /                /                /              5/5                  /             2/2
            Sun Yueying                                  18/18               /              /             2/2              6/6                  /                 /             2/2
            Zhou Song                                      5/5               /              /                /                /              1/1                  /             1/1
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                18/18               /              /             2/2              6/6                  /                 /             2/2
            Zhang Jian                                   17/18               /              /               /              6/6                  /                 /             2/2
            Su Min                                       18/18               /              /               /              6/6                  /              4/4              2/2
            Wang Daxiong                                 18/18               /              /               /                /               6/6                 /              2/2

            Executive Directors
            Tian Huiyu                                   18/18            7/7            3/3                 /                /                 /                 /             1/2
            Li Hao                                       18/18              /              /                 /             6/6                  /              4/4              2/2

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
            Leung Kam Chung, Antony                      17/18               /              /             2/2              5/6                  /                 /             2/2
            Pan Chengwei                                 18/18               /           3/3                 /               /               6/6               4/4              2/2
            Zhao Jun                                     18/18               /           3/3                 /               /                  /              4/4              2/2
            Wong See Hong                                17/18               /              /                /               /               6/6               4/4              2/2
            Li Menggang                                    2/2               /              /             1/1                /               0/0                 /              0/0
            Liu Qiao                                       2/2               /           0/0              1/1                /                  /                /              0/0
            Wong Kwai Lam (resigned)                     16/16               /              /             1/1                /               6/6                 /              2/2
            Pan Yingli (resigned)                        16/16               /           3/3              0/1                /                 /                 /              2/2


            Notes:      (1)   During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 18 meetings, and the special committees under the
                              Board of Directors held a total of 28 meetings.

                        (2)   Actual number of attendance does not include attendance by proxy.

                        (3)   Li Jianhong, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, did not attend the general meeting due to his other business engagements.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                           115
Annual Report 2018


7.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
      The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
      of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
      Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that they had complied
      with the aforesaid Model Code during the reporting period.
      The Company has also established the guidelines for the relevant employees’ dealings in the Company’s securities,
      which are no less exacting than the Model Code. The Company is not aware of any non-compliance with the
      aforesaid guidelines by the relevant employees.



7.4.7 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets
      the requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors.
      The qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the
      relevant requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All
      six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances set out in Rule
      3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company has received
      from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence which was
      made in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion
      that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the requirement of independence set out in
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through personal attendance
      at the meetings, on-site visits, research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles
      as Independent Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and
      its various special committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests
      and requests of minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the
      meetings convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at
      relevant meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the preliminary profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of
      directors, changes in accounting policies, engagement of accounting firms, related party transactions and external
      guarantees. They made no objection to the resolutions of the Board of Directors and others of the Company in the
      year.
      According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company performed the following duties in preparing and reviewing
      this report:
      1.     The Independent Non-Executive Directors listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in 2018.
             The Independent Non-Executive Directors believed that the reports had fully and objectively reflected the
             operation of the Company in 2018 as well as the progress of significant matters. They recognised and were
             satisfied with the work performed and the results achieved in 2018.
      2.     The Independent Non-Executive Directors reviewed the work plan for preparing the annual report and the
             unaudited financial statements of the Company.
      3.     Prior to the annual audit conducted by the accounting firm in charge of annual audit, the Independent
             Non-Executive Directors discussed with the certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect
             of the audit team, audit schedule, audit plan, key concerns, communication mechanism and quality control.
      4.     After receiving the initial audit opinions from the accounting firm in charge of annual audit, the Independent
             Non-Executive Directors discussed with the certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect
             of major matters and prepared their written opinions.
      5.     The Independent Non-Executive Directors reviewed the procedures for convening board meetings in the year,
             the decision-making procedures for matters on the agenda and the adequacy of information about such
             meetings.
      6.     The Independent Non-Executive Directors reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company
             and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
116   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018



      7.5 Special committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy Committee, the
            Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and Capital Management Committee,
            the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2018, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company carried out their duties in an
            independent, compliant and effective manner. During the year, these committees held a total of 28 meetings to
            study and review 125 significant issues, including strategic implementation and assessment, profit appropriation,
            annual financial budget and final account, remuneration and appraisal, capital management plan, comprehensive risk
            management, internal control and external investments, and reported their audit opinions and advices to the Board
            of Directors by submitting meeting minutes and holding on-site meetings, hence fully playing its role in assisting the
            Board of Directors to make scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company as well as
            their work in 2018 are summarized as follows:



      7.5.1 Strategy Committee
            The Strategy Committee consists of Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The members of the Strategy
            Committee are Li Jianhong (Chairman) (a Non-Executive Director), Fu Gangfeng (a Non-Executive Director) and
            Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Strategy Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the operation and
            management goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, as well as supervising
            and examinating its annual operation plan and investment plan.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, and
                   make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operation and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions; and
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on the important issues for discussion and determination by the Board
                   of Directors.
            6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2018, the Strategy Committee focused on reviewing various proposals including the Fintech special report, the
            adjustment in the amount of provision for the fund of Fintech innovation projects and the projects winning the
            financial innovation award, increased the amount of provision for the fund of Fintech innovation projects from 1%
            of the Company’s pre-tax profit to 1% of its operating income, and assisted the Board of Directors to effectively
            promote the implementation of the “Digital Bank” strategy.
            In 2018, the Strategy Committee studied and reviewed the “Annual Strategy Implementation and Appraisal Report of
            China Merchants Bank in 2017”, strengthened the predictability of guiding strategies, ensured the implementation
            of strategies through process supervision, maintained strategic continuity through unswerving execution, and
            assisted the Board of Directors to steadily promote the achievement of the development vision “to build itself into
            the best commercial bank in China featuring innovation-driven development, the retail banking-prioritised business
            strategy and distinctive advantages”. In order to strengthen the integrated operation of the Company and reinforce
            the capital base of its branches, the Strategy Committee also considered various significant investments including the
            establishment of a legal entity operating as a direct sales bank by way of joint venture, the establishment of an asset
            management company, and the increase of investment in Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                        117
Annual Report 2018


7.5.2 Nomination Committee
      The majority of members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Nomination Committee include Pan
      Chengwei (Chairman), Zhao Jun and Liu Qiao (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Li Jianhong (a
      Non-Executive Director) and Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible
      for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the Directors and senior management, conducting
      preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the Directors and senior management and making
      proposals to the Board of Directors.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any changes to the Board of Directors
             to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset scale and
             shareholding structure of the Company;
      2.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      3.     Conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Directors and senior management;
      4.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
      5.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2018, the Nomination Committee reviewed and approved the Resolution in relation to the “Addition of Mr. Zhou
      Song as Non-Executive Director”, the Resolution in relation to the “Addition of Mr. Li Menggang as Independent
      Non-Executive Director”, the Resolution in relation to the “Addition of Mr. Liu Qiao as Independent Non-Executive
      Director” and the Resolution in relation to the “Addition of Mr. Luo Sheng as Non-Executive Director”.



7.5.3 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors,
      and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Leung Kam Chung, Antony, Liu Qiao (all being
      Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Sun Yueying and Hong Xiaoyuan (both being Non-Executive Directors).
      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is responsible mainly for reviewing the remuneration management
      system and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for directors and senior management,
      making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of proposals.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessment and put
             forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
      2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of Directors and senior management of
             the Company, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
             proposals;
      3.     Review the systems and policies for remuneration management of the whole Bank; and
      4.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2018, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee fully considered the current macroeconomic situation, the
      development trend of the banking industry and the development trend of the Company, reviewed and approved the
      “Resolution on Staff Costs of China Merchants Bank”, and further improved the incentive and restrictive mechanism.
      Pursuant to the provisions of the H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      conducted validity appraisal and price adjustment in respect of the appreciation rights granted, which ensured the
      continuous implementation of the medium-to-long term incentive mechanism of the Company.
118   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018


      7.5.4 Risk and Capital Management Committee
            The members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are Hong Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Sun Yueying, Zhang
            Jian, Su Min (all being Non-Executive Directors), Li Hao (an Executive Director) and Leung Kam Chung, Antony
            (an Independent Non-Executive Director). The Risk and Capital Management Committee is mainly responsible for
            supervising the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to major risks, making
            regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding ability and capital management status of the Company and
            submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
                   market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and
                   other risks;
            2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
                   of the Company;
            3.     Perform relevant duties under the advanced capital measurement method pursuant to the authorisation given
                   by the Board of Directors;
            4.     Submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company;
            5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
                   and
            6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2018, the Risk and Capital Management Committee adhered to the operating philosophy of dynamic and
            balanced development based on “quality, efficiency and size” and prudent risk management concepts. In response
            to the trend of changes in complicated external situations and internal operation management, the Risk and Capital
            Management Committee assisted the Board of Directors to focus on and prevent liquidity risk, credit risk, compliance
            risk and asset management risk and, on the premise of fully exposing risks, improved quality and efficiency,
            consolidated the asset quality foundation, enhanced the Company’s comprehensive competitiveness, and fully
            implemented the strategic requirements of the Board of Directors to “outrunning the market and outperforming the
            peers”.
            The Risk and Capital Management Committee studied and considered various resolutions on the comprehensive risk
            reports, the risk preference implementation reports and the comprehensive risk consolidated management plans
            for various quarters to strengthen the predictability of risk management mechanism, consistently implemented the
            “Substance over Form” concept in various works regarding the risk exposure management of the Company and
            constantly improved the construction of the risk management system. Also, the Risk and Capital Management
            Committee reviewed various resolutions on the annual business continuity management work report, the annual
            anti-money laundering work report, the stress test report, the verification policy implementation report and the
            outsourcing management report, effectively monitored the risk management work and assisted the Board of
            Directors to further enhance its risk management capability.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                            119
Annual Report 2018


7.5.5 Audit Committee
      The majority of members of the Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Audit Committee are Wong See Hong
      (Chairman), Pan Chengwei and Li Menggang (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Zhou Song and
      Wang Daxiong (both being Non-Executive Directors). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of
      the incumbent auditors of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting
      policies and financial position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company,
      proposing the appointment or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and
      internal control of the Company.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
      2.     Monitor the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures
             and work effectiveness of the internal audit department;
      3.     Coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;
      4.     Audit the financial information of the Company and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for
             the annual audit work of the Company, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy,
             completeness and timeliness of the information contained in the audited financial statements, and submit the
             same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
      5.     Examine the internal control system of the Company, and put forward the advices to improve the internal
             control of the Company;
      6.     Review and supervise the mechanism for the Company’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct in respect
             of financial statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always handles the
             whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
      7.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Company; and
      8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2018, based on the quarterly regular meeting system, the Audit Committee took the regular reports and internal
      and external audit reports as the starting point, supervised and verified the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness
      of information set out in the financial statements. The Company obtained the findings of internal audits in a
      timely manner and strengthened the rectification of and the accountability for the problems found in bank-wide
      self-examination and concerned by relevant regulators so as to practically consolidate the third defense line, and
      promoted an effective communication mechanism between internal and external audits by constantly enhancing
      the communication and contact with internal auditors and external auditors. Moreover, the Audit Committee also
      reviewed various resolutions on the change of accounting policies and the appraisal of internal control, gave full play
      to the important role of monitoring operating management, disclosing risks and issues and improving management
      levels, and effectively discharged relevant functions.
      According to the “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted
      by the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties
      in preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2018:
      1.     Before the auditors commenced their annual audit, the Audit Committee considered and discussed the
             accounting firm’s audit plan for 2018 and the unaudited financial statements of the Company.
      2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the accounting firm in
             charge of annual audit, the Audit Committee reviewed the report on the operation of the Company for
             2018. The Audit Committee exchanged opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the
             accounting firm in charge of annual audit, and reviewed the financial statements of the Company. The Audit
             Committee then formed written opinions on the above issues.
      3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed
             the Company’s Annual Report for 2018 and agreed to submit the same to the Board of Directors for
             consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the Board of
             Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the audit
             work of the Company in 2018.
120   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018


      7.5.6 Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
            The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
            are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive
            Director. The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
            are Pan Chengwei (Chairman), Zhao Jun, Wong See Hong (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Su Min
            (a Non-Executive Director) and Li Hao (an Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and
            Consumer Rights Protection Committee is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party
            transactions of the Company and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Identify related parties of the Company pursuant to relevant laws and regulations;
            2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing related party transactions,
                   and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
            3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
                   establishment and improvement of the related party transaction management system of the Company;
            4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
            5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
            6.     Regularly listen to the report on the implementation of the consumer rights protection work of the Company
                   and the relevant resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors in respect of the relevant
                   work;
            7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
                   work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
                   and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2018, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee reviewed the
            fairness of the related party transactions, assisted the Board of Directors to ensure the legitimacy and compliance
            of related party transactions, carried out relevant responsibilities of consumer right protection in accordance with
            the regulatory requirements, reviewed and approved various resolutions on, among others, the 2017 Annual
            Related Party Transaction Report and the List of Related Parties in 2018, reviewed the related party transactions
            of the Company with China Merchants Group Ltd., China Communications Construction Group (Limited), Anbang
            Life, Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited, CMB Financial Leasing and Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd.,
            and reviewed the caps for the connected transactions with Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and CM Securities.
            The functions of consumer right protection were added into the functions of the Committee, and the name of the
            Committee was changed accordingly, and the Committee reviewed the report on the relevant rules and regulations
            of consumer rights protection.



      7.6 Corporate governance functions
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
            1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
                   amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
            2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
                   management;
            3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
                   requirements;
            4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
                   Directors and employees of the Company;
            5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
                   Report of Corporate Governance; and
            6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
                   Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
                   the Company are effective.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           121
Annual Report 2018



7.7 Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general meetings, and
      oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management, legal operation, corporate
      governance, the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior management with an aim to protect the
      legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders.



7.7.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members, including three Shareholder Supervisors,
      three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion of Employee Supervisors and External
      Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the regulatory requirements. The three
      Shareholder Supervisors are from large state-owned enterprises where they serve as key responsible persons and
      have extensive experience in business management and professional knowledge in finance and accounting; the three
      Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and administration, and thus accumulated rich
      professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have been engaged in legal affairs, economic
      management study in universities and accounting, thus accumulated extensive experience in those fields. The
      composition of the Board of Supervisors of the Company has adequate expertise and independence which ensures
      the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
      A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.



7.7.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
      The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
      Supervisors and special committees, attending shareholders’ general meetings, board meetings and special
      committee meetings, attending various meetings on operation and management held by the senior management;
      reviewing various documents submitted by the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the senior
      management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
      domestic and overseas branches of the Company on a collective or separate basis and having talks with Directors
      and the senior management over their duty performance in the year, communicating with external auditors regularly,
      etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors comprehensively monitors the operation and management status, risk
      management status and internal control status of the Company as well as duty performance of the Directors and
      the senior management, and puts forward the constructive and targeted operation and management advice and
      supervision opinions.



7.7.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of seven meetings, of which three were
      on-site meetings and four were meetings convened and voted by correspondence. 31 proposals regarding business
      operations, financial activities, internal control, risk management, consolidated statement management, related
      party transactions, corporate governance, evaluation of the duty performance of the Directors and Supervisors
      and resignation audit on the senior management were considered, ten special reports involving disposal of
      non-performing assets, the prevention and control of crimes, consumer rights protection, assessment on strategic
      implementation and internal audit were reviewed at those meetings.
      In 2018, the Company convened a total of two shareholders’ general meetings and three on-site board meetings.
      Supervisors attended the general meetings and were present at all the on-site board meetings, and supervised the
      legal compliance of convening the shareholders’ general meetings and the Board meetings, voting procedures, the
      Directors’ attendance at those meetings, issue of opinions and voting details.
      During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
      independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending meetings of the Board of
      Supervisors, convening special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in meetings of the
      Board of Directors or any of its special committee, participating in the Board of Supervisors’ investigations and
      surveys conducted at branch level on a collective or separate basis, proactively familiarising themselves with the
      operation and management of the Company, and giving opinions or suggestions on significant matters. During the
      adjournment of the meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors were able
      to review various documents and reports of the Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and
      senior management in respect of the problems found in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in assisting
      the Board of Supervisors in performing their supervisory duties.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
      matters.
122   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018


      7.7.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
            The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, each
            consisting of four Supervisors, and those committees were chaired by an External Supervisor.
            The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
            As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Nomination Committee of the Tenth Session of the Board
            of Supervisors were Ding Huiping (Chairman), Fu Junyuan, Wen Jianguo and Huang Dan. The major duties of the
            Nomination Committee are as follows: to make proposals to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition
            of the Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and procedures for the election of Supervisors and propose
            the same to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Supervisors; to
            undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications of the candidates for Supervisors nominated by Shareholders
            and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the procedures for election of Directors; to evaluate the duty
            performance of the members of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and senior management and their
            members, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors; to supervise whether the remuneration management
            system and policies of the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and
            reasonable.
            In 2018, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened one meeting where proposals
            regarding the evaluation report on duty performance of the Board of Directors and its members in 2017, the
            evaluation report on duty performance of the Board of Supervisors and its members in 2017, the evaluation report
            on duty performance of the senior management and its members in 2017 were considered.
            The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
            As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee of the Tenth Session of the
            Board of Supervisors were Jin Qingjun (Chairman), Wu Heng, Han Zirong and Wang Wanqing. The major duties
            of the Supervisory Committee are to formulate the supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by
            the Board of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct
            relevant examinations; to supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value
            standards and its formulation of suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company;
            to conduct supervision and assessment on the important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior
            management and their implementations, the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance
            structure and the overall risk management governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and
            their duty performance; to formulate the specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and
            risk management of the Company under the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate
            the plans for conducting resignation audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
            In 2018, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of two meetings where the
            work plan of the Board of Supervisors in 2018 and the audit opinions on resignation of senior management were
            reviewed and considered. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors were
            also present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital Management Committee and Audit
            Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration and discussion on the financial
            decisions, risk management, internal control management and capital management of the Company, supervised the
            duty performance of the Directors, offered comments and suggestions on some issues and made monitoring records.



      7.8 Trainings and investigations/surveys conducted by Directors and
          Supervisors during the reporting period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company organised seven
            investigations/surveys, through which the duty performance, decision-making and effectiveness of supervision of our
            Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised three investigations/surveys/visits for
            the Directors, which involved visits to the Head Office, branches and sub-branches to get familiar with their business
            operations, the implementation of the strategies of “Light-operation Bank” and the work reports in respect of the
            development of key businesses, risk management and internal control and compliance, while providing professional
            guidance to the branches.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           123
Annual Report 2018


      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors strengthened on-site research and subsequent supervision
      based on budget assessments, and effectively improved its capability to coordinate and solve difficulties and
      problems, aiming to “build itself into the bank with best customer experience”. The Board of Supervisors organised
      a total of four collective surveys throughout the year, including three domestic surveys and one overseas survey,
      involving 13 branches. Through such researches and surveys, the Board of Supervisors came up with high-quality
      opinions and suggestions on the circumstances faced by the surveyed branches, particularly the direction of their
      strategic development, risk control and prudent management, leveraging the momentum of financial technology
      transformation, improvement of customer experience, management of second-level branches, compliance and risk
      control of our overseas branches, care for our employees and enhancement of their satisfaction, etc., and formed
      a complete supervision process for collecting problems and appeals, sorting out and integrating supervision-related
      matters, communicating with the relevant authorities for timely feedback and finally solving the problems. In
      addition, the Board of Supervisors renovated the carrier of supervision by launching the “Core Requirements on
      the Work of the Board of Supervisors”, which focused on the core and key aspects of supervision, and regularly
      circulated the concerns and movements of the Board of Supervisors among the directors, Supervisors and senior
      management, giving full play to its role in strengthening supervision on duty performance in support of our business
      development.
      During the reporting period, the Directors of the Company participated in relevant trainings or researches according
      to the requirements on duty performance, the contents of which include corporate governance, policies and
      regulations and banking operation and management. The above trainings or researches helped improve the duty
      performance of the Directors, ensure that the Directors were fully aware of the information required for duty
      performance, and continued to make contributions to the Board of Directors of the Company based on the actual
      situation of the Company. If necessary, the Company would assist the Directors to participate in appropriate trainings
      and researches and make reimbursements for relevant expenses.



7.9 Company secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
      Mr. Wang Liang, Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Mrs. Sang Size Ka Me, Natalia of TRICOR
      Services Limited, an external services provider, are the joint company secretaries of the Company under Hong Kong
      Listing Rules. Mr. Wang Liang is the major contact person of the Company on internal issues.
      During the reporting period, Mr. Wang Liang and Mrs. Sang Size Ka Me, Natalia both attended the relevant
      professional trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of Hong Kong
      Listing Rules.



7.10 Misconduct reporting and monitoring
      During the reporting period, the Company had no internal cases that inflict huge losses, or external cases or
      incidents of theft or robbery, or material safety issues.



7.11 Communication with shareholders
      Investor relations
      In 2018, the Company remained investor-oriented, focused on its fundamentals and movements in the market, and
      maintained effective communication with its investors and analysts at home and abroad in a positive, innovative
      and professional manner and conveyed the Company’s development strategy, operating results, business highlights
      and investment value efficiently, accurately, comprehensively and objectively to its investors in a variety of forms,
      while constantly enhancing the investor experience and the capital market’s understanding of the Company’s
      differentiated features, and enhancing the Company’s good market image of professionalism, openness and
      transparency. Notwithstanding the significant fluctuations in the capital market throughout the year, the valuation
      of the Company’s A+H Shares remained at the forefront in the domestic banking industry, with its market value
      maintaining the fifth place among the domestic banks.
124   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018


            During the reporting period, the Company rolled out a global road show for its annual results, held two performance
            presentations and analysts’ meetings, one media press, and one seminar for the investor analysts. Chairman Li
            Jianhong and President Tian Huiyu attached great importance to investor relations management, and attended the
            2017 performance presentation for investor analysts and press conference for the announcement of our annual
            results, and answered the questions from the investors, analysts and news media. Following the release of our
            2017 annual results, President Tian Huiyu and other senior management led three road show teams to roll out
            global road shows in Hong Kong, the United States, Europe, Japan, Singapore and Australia, including visits to
            116 key institutions, communicating with them adequately and intensively on the Company’s financial technology
            transformation, business development, advantages and characteristics as well as strategic visions; A total of 373
            institutional investors, analysts and 55 media reporters attended our 2017 annual results presentation and press
            conference, setting a record since the Company was listed in 2002. A total of 343 domestic and foreign institutional
            investors and analyst attended the Company’s 2017 interim results phone presentation; we visited 21 important
            A-share institutional investors in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, and conducted in-depth exchanges
            with 281 investment research directors, fund managers and researchers. In addition, the Company arranged for
            and received 103 visits and telephone surveys by 230 domestic and foreign institutional investors, investment banks
            and brokerage analysts throughout the year, attended the investor conferences held by 39 domestic and foreign
            investment banks and securities brokers, and conducted 156 one-to-one or one-to-many discussions with a total of
            1,151 Institutional investors; we also answered hundreds of phone calls from the investors and processed hundreds
            of messages from investors on the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, and SSE E-interaction. The above
            measures satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts to communicate with the Company in an effective
            manner.
            Our investor relations management efforts again met with the recognition of the capital market. In the votes for
            the “Gold Medal Board Secretary” held by the domestic “New Fortune ( 《新財富》 )” magazine, Mr. Wang Liang,
            our Deputy President and Secretary of the Board of Directors, attended the selection campaign for the first time
            and secured the seventh place in all industries and the first place in the banking industry. Also, the Company won
            the first “Best IR Company Listed in Hong Kong” award presented by the New Fortune. In the votes held by the
            “Institutional Investor”, a US magazine, the Company won the “Respectable Company in Asia” award in 2018, and
            secured the second place of the “Company with Best Investor Relations Management” among the Asian listed banks
            and the third place of the “Best Analyst Open Day”.



            Information disclosure
            The Company’s information disclosure is based on good corporate governance practice, sound internal control,
            and an effective information disclosure system, which ensures that our investors can obtain information in a timely,
            accurate and equal manner.
            During the reporting period, the Company disclosed the material information in a true, accurate, complete, timely
            and fair manner in strict accordance with the requirements of relevant information disclosure laws and regulations,
            and released over 340 disclosure documents on Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
            including periodic reports and temporary announcements, corporate governance documents, shareholders’ circulars,
            etc., which have an aggregate of over 2.6 million words. While fulfilling its statutory obligations for information
            disclosure, the Company further improved the initiative and transparency of information disclosure. By timely
            releasing its annual and interim reports, the Company aimed to guide the market expectations in a reasonable
            manner. The Company has adhered to the guideline of “investor-oriented” disclosure, and made proactive disclosure
            of the hot issues of investors’ interest and the distinctive information about the banking industry in combination
            with the macroeconomic and financial situation, so as to help the investors to obtain a thorough understanding of
            the Company’s business models, competitive edges and risk status, which met with the recognition of the capital
            market. During the reporting period, the Company did not make any mistakes in respect of information disclosure.
            During the reporting period, the Company formulated the “Regulations on the Preparation and Review of Periodic
            Reports and Performance Presentation Materials” in consideration of the regulatory requirements and daily work
            practices, which imposed further regulation and constriction on the division of responsibilities and work processes
            for the preparation and review of its periodic reports and results presentation materials.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           125
Annual Report 2018


      During the reporting period, by dispatching the notices regularly and clarifying the scope and quantitative standards
      for circulation of the significant sensitive information, the Company effectively enhanced the accuracy and timeliness
      of its reporting of sensitive information, which resulted in the smooth operation of the information disclosure
      contact mechanism. The Company also put great efforts on the management of information disclosure and insider
      dealing, enhanced its employees’ awareness of compliance, increased their vigilance against insider information
      leakage and insider dealing, which effectively reduced risks in information disclosure.
      The Company’s well-regulated operation and outstanding information disclosure practice met with recognition from
      the regulatory authorities, and received Grade A (the highest grade) in the annual appraisal of information disclosure
      of listed companies organised by the SSE.



7.12 Shareholders’ rights
      Convening of extraordinary general meeting
      An extraordinary general meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors within two months upon request in
      writing by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares.



      Making proposals at the shareholders’ general meeting
      If the Company convenes a shareholders’ general meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
      3% of the total issued voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company 15
      working days before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and submit the same to the convenor. The
      convenor shall issue a supplemental notice to the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the
      interim proposal within two working days after receiving the proposal.



      Convening of extraordinary board meeting
      An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than one-tenth
      (10%) of the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within ten (10) days upon
      receiving such proposal.



      Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
      Shareholders are entitled to review the information on the Company (including the Articles of Association, the
      status of share capital, the minutes of shareholders’ general meeting, resolutions of board meetings, resolutions of
      meetings of the Board of Supervisors, financial and accounting reports, etc. in accordance with the provisions of the
      Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
      of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, the identity of whom has been verified by the Company.



7.13 Major amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
      During the reporting period, the Company amended the Articles of Association. For details, please refer to the
      announcement, shareholders’ circular and the documents of shareholders’ general meetings of the Company
      published on 3 May 2018, 9 June 2018 and 8 October 2018, respectively.
126   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2018



      7.14 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for
          the financial statements
            The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
            information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
            submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 to present a true view of the operating results of the
            Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there are no material uncertainties related to events or conditions that
            might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.



      7.15 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
            During the reporting period, except as disclosed, the Company has applied the principles of the Corporate
            Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and has complied with all the code
            provisions and recommended practices (if applicable).



      7.16 Internal control
            During the reporting period, according to the unified arrangements of the CBIRC, the Company has conscientiously
            organised and made further efforts to rectify the market disorders in the banking industry throughout the Bank,
            conducted comprehensive assessment on the effectiveness and implementation of a series of special rectification
            works of “Three Violations, Three Arbitrages, Four Improprieties and Ten Problems” carried out in 2017, fully carried
            out self-examination and self-correction by focusing on the “major issues to rectify the market disorders in the
            banking industry in 2018” proposed by the CBIRC, and implemented comprehensive rectification work in respect
            of system improvement, culture promotion activities, system construction, processes optimisation, business training,
            supervision and inspection, etc., continued to strengthen compliance on internal control and risk management,
            returning to the origins of the business of serving the real economy. In accordance with the relevant provisions of
            the “Guidelines for the Management of Practitioners in Banking and Financial Institutions”, in 2018, the Company
            revised and improved the “Management Measures on Employees’ Behavior of China Merchants Bank”, further
            improved the governance structure and responsibility system of employees’ behavior management, and established
            a employees’ behavior management system with characteristics of clear responsibilities, complete process, division
            of work and cooperation, and joint management. Faced with the “new normal” of strict regulations and severe
            punishment, the Company further improved the education on compliance and case warning trainings for its
            employees during the reporting period; in addition to the normalisation of investigation on employees’ abnormal
            behaviors, carried out special rectification on major harmful violations such as “employees’ investment and
            shareholding in credit granting enterprises”, “employees’ financial dealings with P2P platforms”, “employees using
            customers’ insider information for personal interests” and other harmful violations, identifying and eliminating
            all kinds of potential risks in a timely manner; further increased the efforts in applying employees’ behavior
            management tools such as keeping a list of employee violation points and a list of names of violating employees,
            strengthening non-compliance accountability and conducting due diligence investigation on termination of
            employment, and earnestly implemented the strict management requirements with a view to ensuring the compliant
            operation and healthy development of various businesses.
            During the reporting period, the Company organised evaluation campaigns regarding internal control during the
            year 2018 across all departments of the Head Office, its branches and sub-branches. As reviewed by the Board of
            Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of completeness, reasonableness and effectiveness were
            found in the Company’s internal control system. For more details, please refer to the “Report of Assessment on
            Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2018”, and the “Auditors’ Report on Internal Control” issued
            by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP with standard unqualified opinions.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                              127
Annual Report 2018



7.17 Internal audit
      The Company has an independent and vertical internal audit management system. The Board of Directors shall
      assume the ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of internal audit, being responsible
      for reviewing and approving the constitutional documents of internal audit, establishing the audit organisation
      system, formulating the medium-to-long term audit plan and annual audit plan, appointing the head officer of the
      audit department, providing necessary support to carry out independent internal audit work, and assessing the
      independence and effectiveness of internal audit work. The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee, which is
      responsible for reviewing important systems and reports such as the constitutional documents of internal audit,
      approving the medium-to-long term audit plan and the annual audit plan, and guiding, assessing and evaluating
      the internal audit work. The Head Office has an Audit Department which consists of nine audit divisions, which are
      under the guidance of the Board of Supervisors and senior management, and shall undertake the specific internal
      audit duties. In June 2018, the Company implemented an organisational restructuring of the Audit Department
      and added a virtual “direct division” to the headquarters of the Audit Department under the Head Office, so as to
      strengthen the audit on the departments under the Head Office, overseas institutions and anti-money laundering
      work; nine specialised teams were established to strengthen the off-site audit work such as “research, analysis,
      organisation and guidance” and enhanced the support and management of the inspection teams of audit divisions.
      In each audit division, five professionally mixed audit teams were established, including a new ongoing audit team,
      to strengthen the ongoing audit and rectification following-up of regional branches and institutions.
      In 2018, the Company focused on risk prevention and control, with audit transformation as the main theme,
      ongoing audit as the starting point and audit rectification as the driving force, closely focused on key areas, key risks
      and key points, and continuously expanded the extent and scope of audit supervision. We also put more resources in
      building the audit information platform, further strengthened off-site audit, shifted our focus from post-supervision
      to pre-warning and warning, identified the potential problems in a timely manner, prompted the risk in a timely
      manner, proposed prevention and control measures in a timely manner, strictly carried out audit rectification through
      various measures, and promoted the continuous improvement of the mechanisms, processes and systems across the
      Bank, so as to ensure the high-quality development of the Bank.
128   China Merchants Bank         VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
      Annual Report 2018



      Report of the Board of Supervisors

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the financial
      activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and
      the senior management of the Company pursuant to the Company Law, the Articles of Association of the Company and the
      supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory authorities.
      Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors:



      Lawful operation
      During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the Company Law, the Commercial
      Banking Law and the Articles of Association, the internal control system was improved, and the decision making procedures
      were lawful and valid. None of the Directors and senior management of the Company were found to have violated the
      relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of Association or had done anything detrimental to the interests of the Company
      and shareholders.



      Authenticity of financial statements
      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have audited the financial
      statements for 2018 in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial
      Reporting Standards respectively and have each produced a standard unqualified audit report, stating that the financial
      statements have given a true, objective and accurate view of the financial position and operating results of the Company.



      Use of proceeds
      During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in the
      Prospectus of the Company.



      Purchase and sale of assets
      During the reporting period, the Company is unaware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets which
      would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.



      Related party transactions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions which were not
      conducted on an arm’s length basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and its shareholders.



      Implementation of resolutions passed at the general meeting(s)
      The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to the
      general meeting in 2018, and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant resolutions passed at
      the general meeting(s).



      Internal control
      The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co.,
      Ltd. for 2018”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness, reasonableness,
      effectiveness and implementation of the internal control system of the Company.


      By Order of the Board of Supervisors
      Liu Yuan
      Chairman of the Board of Supervisors


      22 March 2019
China Merchants Bank      IX Financial Statements         129
Annual Report 2018



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                        130


Financial statements and notes thereto              135


Unaudited supplementary financial information       284


(See Annexures)
130   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(19)I00046




      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 135 to 283, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow
      statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board
      for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                   131
Annual Report 2018

                                                                                                                       DTTHK(A)(19)I00046
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowance of loans and advances
  to customers at amortised cost and debt investments
  at amortised cost

We identified expected credit loss allowance of loans                          Our procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
and advances to customers at amortised cost and debt                           allowance of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost as a key audit matter                            cost and debt investments at amortised cost included:
due to the materiality of the balances of these financial
instruments. The expected credit loss (ECL) model was                          We understood management’s process and tested the
applied by the Group to estimate ECLs since 1 January                          design and operating effectiveness of key controls across the
2018, which involves significant management judgement                          processes relevant to the ECL of the Group. These controls
and estimates.                                                                 included the validation and review of the ECL model; the
                                                                               controls over the model data input, including manual
As at 31 December 2018, as set out in note 22, the Group                       controls and automatic controls; the automatic controls over
reported loans and advances to customers at amortised                          the ECL model calculation process; the controls over the
cost of RMB3,764,074 million and RMB191,895 million                            identification of SICR indicators and impairment evidence.
of relevant expected credit loss allowance. While as set
out in note 24(b), the Group reported debt investments at                      We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
amortised cost of RMB924,138 million and related credit                        Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
loss allowance of RMB8,126 million.                                            into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
                                                                               loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and
K e y j u d g e m e n t s a n d e s t i m a t e s i n re s p e c t o f t h e   debt investments at amortised cost, we involved our
measurement of ECLs include: the criteria selected to                          internal modelling specialist to assist us in assessing the
identify a significant increase in credit risk (SICR) are highly               appropriateness of the Group’s methodology of ECL
judgemental; the identification of credit impairment events                    model. We reviewed relevant documents and evaluated the
is a key area of judgement; significant judgments are                          applicability and appropriateness of the ECL model.
required to the determination of inputs used in the ECL
model, as well as the determination of the forward-looking                     With the support of our internal modelling specialist,
information.                                                                   we assessed the reasonableness of the key definitions,
                                                                               parameters and assumptions used in the ECL model. This
Principal accounting policies, accounting estimates and                        included assessing stage allocation, probability of default,
judgement applied in determining the loss allowance of                         loss given default, exposure at default and forward-looking
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and                          information. We selected samples to conduct credit reviews
debt investments at amortised cost are set out in notes                        in order to assess whether the SICR and impairment events
4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial statements.                        were occurred and were appropriately recognized without
                                                                               delay. In addition, we tested the input data samples of the
                                                                               ECL model to evaluate the completeness and accuracy of the
                                                                               data input. We also tested the calculation of the ECL model
                                                                               on a sample basis. For the loans and advances at amortised
                                                                               cost and debt investments at amortised cost at stage 3,
                                                                               we selected samples to test the reasonableness of future
                                                                               cash flows estimated by the Group, including the expected
                                                                               recoverable amount of collateral, to assess whether there
                                                                               were significant misstatements in the loss allowance.
132   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018

                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(19)I00046
      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Valuation of financial instruments

      The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments,             Our procedures in relation to the valuation of the fair value
      measured at fair value, is based on a combination of            of financial instruments included understanding and testing
      market data and valuation models which require a                the design and operating effectiveness of key internal
      considerable number of inputs. Most of these inputs are         controls over the determination of valuation model and
      obtained from readily available data, in particular for         valuation of the financial instrument at fair value.
      level 1 and level 2 financial instruments, the valuation
      techniques for which use quoted market prices and               We evaluated the valuation techniques, inputs and
      observable inputs, respectively. Where observable data          assumptions through comparison with the valuation
      is not readily available, as in the case of level 3 financial   techniques commonly used in the markets, validation
      instruments, estimates are required to determine the            of observable inputs using external market data, and
      unobservable inputs, which involve significant management       comparison with valuation outcomes obtained from various
      judgement.                                                      pricing sources.

      We identified the valuation of financial instruments as a       We assessed the level 1 fair values, on a sample basis, by
      key audit matter due to the materiality of the balances         comparing the fair values applied by the Group with publicly
      and the complexity involved in valuing certain financial        available market data.
      instruments, of which significant judgement and estimation
      are required in determining the valuation technique and         With the support of our internal valuation specialists, we
      the inputs used in the valuation models.                        performed independent valuations, on a sample basis, of
                                                                      level 2 and level 3 financial instruments and compared our
      As at December 31, 2018, as set out in note 61(g) the           valuations with the Group’s valuations.
      Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities at fair
      value totalled RMB958,339 million and RMB80,670 million
      respectively, accounting for 14% and 1% of total assets
      and liabilities of the Group respectively.

      Significant estimates applied in fair value of financial
      instruments and the disclosure of fair value are set out
      in notes 5(5) and 61(g) to the consolidated financial
      statements.

      Consolidation of Structured Entities

      We identified consolidation of structured entities as an        Our procedures in relation to consolidation of structured
      area of key audit matter since significant judgment is          entities included understanding and testing the design and
      applied by management to determine whether the Group            operating effectiveness of key controls over the management
      has control of structured entities and the consolidation of     process in determining the consolidation scope for interests
      structured entities or not significantly affects most of the    in structured entities as well as understanding the purpose
      accounts in the consolidated financial statements.              for setting up the structured entities.

      The structured entities include the wealth management           We also evaluated management judgement in whether
      products, asset management schemes, mutual funds,               has control in the structured entities and the conclusion
      etc. as disclosed in note 65 in the consolidated financial      about whether or not the consolidation criteria is met, with
      statements.                                                     assessment, on a sample basis, of the terms of the relevant
                                                                      contracts, including the rights to variable returns of the
      As describe in note 4(1), the consolidation of structured       structured entities and the ability of the Group to use its
      entities is determined based on the control. Control is         power to affect its return. We formed our own judgment
      achieved when the investor has power over the investee,         and compared with that of the Group.
      the investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
      from its involvement with the investee; and the investor
      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. When
      performing the assessment of whether the Group has
      control of structured entities, the Group considers several
      factors including, among other things, the scope of its
      decision-making authority over the structured entities, the
      rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
      is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for
      the assets management services and the Group’s exposure
      to variability of returns from interests that it holds in the
      structured entities.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              133
Annual Report 2018

                                                                                                          DTTHK(A)(19)I00046
Other Information
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
134   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018

                                                                                                                DTTHK(A)(19)I00046
      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements (continued)
      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:
      o      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
      o      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.
      o      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
             disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
      o      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
             based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
             may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
             uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
             consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
             based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
             may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
      o      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
             disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
             manner that achieves fair presentation.
      o      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
             within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
             direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
      audit.
      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
      to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
      matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
      matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
      because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
      such communication.
      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Eric Tong.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong


      22 March 2019
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                     135
Annual Report 2018



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2018
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  Notes      2018       2017
Interest income                                                      6     270,911    242,005
Interest expense                                                     7    (110,527)   (97,153)
Net interest income                                                       160,384     144,852
Fee and commission income                                            8     73,046      69,908
Fee and commission expense                                                 (6,566)     (5,890)
Net fee and commission income                                              66,480      64,018
Other net income                                                     9     20,271      11,169
– Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                        (350)        N/A
Operating income                                                          247,135     220,039
Operating expenses                                                  10    (81,110)    (70,431)
Operating profit before impairment losses                                 166,025     149,608
Expected credit losses                                              14    (60,829)    (59,922)
Impairment losses on other assets                                              (8)         (4)
Share of profits of joint ventures                                  26      1,272         995
Share of profits of associates                                      27         37           3
Profit before taxation                                                    106,497      90,680
Income tax                                                          15    (25,678)    (20,042)
Profit for the year                                                        80,819      70,638
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Bank                                            80,560      70,150
Non-controlling interests                                                     259         488
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (RMB)                                             17        3.13       2.78

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
136   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                           Notes    2018      2017
      Profit for the year                                                          80,819    70,638
      Other comprehensive income for the year
         after tax and reclassification adjustments
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         Equity-accounted investees share of other
        comprehensive income                                                 26       (36)      44
         Fair value gain on debt instruments measured at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                         6,243      N/A
         Net changes in expected credit losses of debt
         instruments measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                         496       N/A
         Available-for-sale financial assets: net movement in fair value
        reserve                                                                      N/A     (5,369)
         Cash flow hedge: net movement in hedging reserve                            149        (67)
         Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
         of foreign operations                                                      1,995    (2,359)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
         Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                          332       N/A
         Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                  (62)       60
      Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                    16     9,117    (7,691)
      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Bank                                               9,094    (7,692)
      Non-controlling interests                                                        23         1
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                      89,936    62,947
      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Bank                                              89,654    62,458
      Non-controlling interests                                                       282       489

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                        137
Annual Report 2018



Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2018
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  Notes        2018         2017
                                                                                       (Restated)
Assets
Cash                                                                          15,814      16,412
Precious metals                                                                6,638       9,309
Balances with central bank                                          18       477,568     600,007
Balances with banks and other financial institutions                19       100,160      76,918
Placements with banks and other financial institutions              20       313,411     154,628
Amounts held under resale agreements                                21       199,386     252,550
Loans and advances to customers                                     22     3,749,949   3,414,612
Interest receivable                                                 23           N/A      28,726
Investments at fair value through profit or loss                  24(a)      330,302      64,796
Derivative financial assets                                       61(f)       34,220      18,916
Debt investments at amortised cost                                24(b)      916,012         N/A
Debt investments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                            24(c)    421,070          N/A
Equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                     24(d)       4,015         N/A
Available-for-sale financial assets                               24(e)         N/A     383,101
Held-to-maturity investments                                      24(f)         N/A     558,218
Debt securities classified as receivables                         24(g)         N/A     572,241
Interest in joint ventures                                          26        8,622       5,183
Interest in associates                                              27          249          20
Investment properties                                               28        2,061       1,612
Property and equipment                                              29       56,206      49,812
Intangible assets                                                   30        9,150       7,255
Goodwill                                                            31        9,954       9,954
Deferred tax assets                                                 32       58,374      50,120
Other assets                                                        33       32,568      23,248
Total assets                                                               6,745,729   6,297,638

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
138   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018


                                                                          Notes                 2018         2017
                                                                                                        (Restated)
      Liabilities
      Borrowing from central bank                                                             405,314     414,838
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                   34               470,826     439,118
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 35               203,950     272,734
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             36                44,144      26,619
      Derivative financial liabilities                                      61(f)              36,570      21,857
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                               37                78,141     125,620
      Deposits from customers                                                38             4,427,566   4,064,345
      Interest payable                                                       39                   N/A      36,501
      Salaries and welfare payable                                          40(a)               8,475       8,020
      Tax payable                                                            41                20,411      26,701
      Contract liabilities                                                   42                 5,607         N/A
      Provision                                                              43                 5,665         450
      Debt securities issued                                                 44               424,926     296,477
      Deferred tax liabilities                                               32                 1,211       1,070
      Other liabilities                                                      45                69,318      79,896
      Total liabilities                                                                     6,202,124   5,814,246
      Equity
      Share capital                                                          46                25,220     25,220
      Other equity instruments                                                                 34,065     34,065
        – Preference shares                                                  47                34,065     34,065
      Capital reserve                                                        48                67,523     67,523
      Investment revaluation reserve                                         49                 5,532     (3,812)
      Hedging reserve                                                        50                    63        (86)
      Surplus reserve                                                        51                53,682     46,159
      Regulatory general reserve                                             52                78,542     70,921
      Retained profits                                                                        250,654    219,878
      Proposed profit appropriations                                        53(b)              23,707     21,185
      Exchange reserve                                                        54                1,130       (843)
      Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                   540,118    480,210
      Non-controlling interests                                                                 3,487      3,182
        – Non-controlling interest                                                              2,329      2,012
        – Perpetual debt capital                                            63(a)               1,158      1,170
      Total equity                                                                            543,605    483,392
      Total equity and liabilities                                                          6,745,729   6,297,638

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
      Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 March 2019.




      Li Jianhong                                 Tian Huiyu                          Company Chop
      Director                                    Director
China Merchants Bank                                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                 139
Annual Report 2018



Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2018
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                          2018
                                                                                          Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                     Non-controlling interests
                                                                       Other            Investment                          Regulatory                Proposed                              Perpetual       Non-
                                                          Share        equity   Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus            general Retained          profit Exchange                         debt controlling
                                                 Notes   capital instruments    reserve     reserve reserve reserve            reserve   profits appropriations reserve        Subtotal        capital   interest       Total
At 31 December 2017                                      25,220       34,065    67,523      (3,812)       (86) 46,159           70,921      219,878        21,185      (843)   480,210          1,170         2,012 483,392
Adjustments of application of accounting
  policy changes                                    3         –            –         –       2,368          –          –              –          (9,270)         –        –      (6,902)             –            –    (6,902)
At 1 January 2018                                        25,220       34,065    67,523      (1,444)       (86) 46,159           70,921      210,608        21,185      (843)   473,308          1,170         2,012 476,490
Changes in equity for the year                                –            –         –       6,976        149   7,523            7,621       40,046         2,522     1,973     66,810            (12)          317 67,115
  (a) Net profit for the year                                 –            –         –           –          –          –              –      80,560              –        –     80,560              64          195    80,819
  (b) Other comprehensive income for the year 16              –            –         –       6,972        149          –              –           –              –    1,973      9,094             (12)          35     9,117
Total comprehensive income for the year                       –             –        –       6,972        149          –              –      80,560              –    1,973     89,654             52           230    89,936
  (c) Capital contribution from equity holders                –             –        –           –          –          –              –               –          –        –           –              –           91       91
    (i) Non-controlling shareholders’
   contribution to non-wholly
   owned subsidiaries                                         –            –        –            –          –          –              –            –            –         –           –              –          125      125
    (ii) Decrease in non-controlling interests                –            –        –            –          –          –              –            –            –         –           –              –          (34)     (34)
  (d) Profit appropriations                                   –            –        –            –          –      7,523          7,621      (40,510)       2,522         –     (22,844)           (64)          (4) (22,912)
    (i) Appropriations to statutory
   surplus reserve                                 51         –            –        –            –          –      7,523              –          (7,523)         –        –           –              –            –         –
    (ii) Appropriations to regulatory
   general reserve                                 52         –            –        –            –          –          –          7,621          (7,621)         –        –           –              –            –         –
    (iii) Dividends declared and paid
    for the year 2017                                         –            –        –            –          –          –              –               –    (21,185)       –     (21,185)             –           (4) (21,189)
    (iv) Distribution to perpetual capital
    instruments                                    63         –            –        –            –          –          –              –            –            –         –           –           (64)            –       (64)
    (v) Proposed dividends for the year 2018                  –            –        –            –          –          –              –      (23,707)      23,707         –           –             –             –         –
    (vi) Dividends paid for preference shares                 –            –        –            –          –          –              –       (1,659)           –         –      (1,659)            –             –    (1,659)
  (e) Transfers within equity upon disposal
    of equity Instruments designated
   at FVTOCI                                                  –            –        –            4          –          –              –              (4)         –        –           –              –            –         –
At 31 December 2018                                      25,220       34,065    67,523       5,532         63     53,682        78,542      250,654        23,707     1,130    540,118          1,158         2,329 543,605

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
140   China Merchants Bank                                    IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                    Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                               Non-controlling interests
                                                                              Other              Investment                             Regulatory                          Proposed                            Perpetual           Non-
                                                               Share          equity   Capital   revaluation Hedging       Surplus         general      Retained               profit Exchange                       debt     controlling
                                                    Notes     capital   instruments    reserve       reserve reserve       reserve         reserve        profits      appropriations   reserve    Subtotal        capital      interests      Total
      At 1 January 2017                                       25,220              –    67,523        1,454         (19)    39,708          67,838       180,447              18,663      1,516     402,350              –          1,012 403,362
      Changes in equity for the year                               –        34,065          –       (5,266)        (67)     6,451            3,083       39,431               2,522      (2,359)    77,860          1,170          1,000     80,030
        (a) Net profit for the year                                –              –         –            –           –           –                –      70,150                   –           –     70,150             29            459     70,638
        (b) Other comprehensive income for the year 16             –              –         –       (5,266)        (67)          –                –           –                   –      (2,359)     (7,692)            –              1      (7,691)
      Total comprehensive income for the year                      –              –         –       (5,266)        (67)          –                –      70,150                   –      (2,359)    62,458             29            460     62,947
        (c) Capital contribution from equity holders               –        34,065          –            –           –           –                –               –               –           –     34,065          1,170            463     35,698
          (i) Non-controlling shareholders’
         contribution to non-wholly
         owned subsidiaries                          25(iv)        –              –         –            –           –           –                –               –               –           –           –             –            495        495
          (ii) Decrease in non-controlling interests               –              –         –            –           –           –                –               –               –           –           –             –             (32)       (32)
          (iii) Capital injection from preference
          shareholders                                 47          –        34,065          –            –           –           –                –               –               –           –     34,065              –              –     34,065
          (iv) Issuance of perpetual capital
                instruments                                        –              –         –            –           –          –                –             –                  –           –          –         1,170               –       1,170
        (d) Profit appropriations                                  –              –         –            –           –      6,451            3,083       (30,719)             2,522           –    (18,663)           (29)            77     (18,615)
          (i) Appropriations to statutory
         surplus reserve                               51          –              –         –            –           –      6,451                 –          (6,451)              –           –           –             –              –           –
          (ii) Appropriations to regulatory
         general reserve                               52          –              –         –            –           –           –           3,083           (3,083)              –           –           –             –              –           –
          (iii) Dividends declared and paid
           for the year 2016 (note(i))                             –              –         –            –           –           –                –               –         (18,663)          –    (18,663)             –             77     (18,586)
          (iv) Distribution to perpetual capital
                instruments                                        –              –         –            –           –           –                –            –                  –           –           –           (29)             –         (29)
          (v) Proposed dividends for the year 2017                 –              –         –            –           –           –                –      (21,185)            21,185           –           –             –              –           –
      At 31 December 2017                                     25,220        34,065     67,523       (3,812)        (86)    46,159          70,921       219,878              21,185        (843)   480,210          1,170          2,012 483,392

      Note: (i) China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. cancelled the dividends distribution scheme of the year 2016 in 2017.

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                       141
Annual Report 2018



Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2018
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                              2018        2017
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                          106,497      90,680
Adjustments for:
  – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                  59,252      60,052
  – Impairment losses on investments and other assets                         1,585        (126)
  – Unwind of discount                                                         (307)       (561)
  – Depreciation of properties and equipment and investment properties        5,270       5,062
  – Amortisation of other assets                                              1,005         724
  – Net gain on debt securities and equity investments                         (200)       (729)
  – Interest income on investments                                          (48,267)    (52,042)
  – Interest expense on issued debt securities                               14,530      13,436
  – Share of profits of associates                                              (37)         (3)
  – Share of profits of joint ventures                                       (1,272)       (995)
  – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment                          (196)       (127)

Changes in:
Balances with central bank                                                   91,162     (25,205)
Loans and advances to customers                                            (375,451)   (322,105)
Other assets                                                                (14,437)    (11,390)
Deposits from customers                                                     336,329     262,296
Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions         (87,461)   (129,953)
Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions with
  original maturity over 3 months                                           (21,311)    30,597
Borrowing from central bank                                                 (14,693)    84,730
Other liabilities                                                           (48,130)    20,833
Cash generated from operating activities before tax                           3,868     25,174
Income tax paid                                                             (39,589)    (30,834)
Net cash used in operating activities                                       (35,721)     (5,660)
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of investments                                    (994,234)   (923,275)
Proceeds from the disposal of investments                                   980,939     803,283
Investments and net gains received from investments                          48,692      52,205
Payment for the purchase of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture          (2,154)       (606)
Payment for the purchase of properties and equipment and other assets       (17,492)    (16,336)
Proceeds from the disposal of properties and equipment and other assets       2,173         191
Proceeds from the disposal of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture             9          67
Proceeds from other investing activities                                      1,785           –
Net cash generated from(used in) investing activities                       19,718      (84,471)

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
142   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018


                                                                        Note       2018        2017
      Financing activities
      Proceeds from the issue of debt securities                                 73,029      52,449
      Proceeds from the issue of negotiable interbank certificates
         of deposits                                                             407,328     559,795
      Proceeds from the issue of certificates of deposits                         32,300      19,086
      Proceeds from the issue of perpetual debt capital                                –       1,170
      Proceeds from the issue of preferred shares                                      –      34,065
      Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders                                     125         495
      Proceeds from other financing activities                                     2,921           –
      Repayment of issued debt securities                                        (15,590)    (30,186)
      Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposits                (342,201)   (569,088)
      Repayment of certificates of deposit                                       (28,389)    (11,916)
      Payment for acquiring additional non-controlling equity                        (34)        (32)
      Dividends paid                                                             (22,912)    (18,692)
      Interest paid on financing activities                                      (11,813)    (14,483)
      Payment for other financing activities                                        (431)          –
      Net cash generated from financing activities                               94,333      22,663
      Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents                         78,330     (67,468)
      Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                 460,425     532,112
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     4,928      (4,219)
      Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       56(a)   543,683     460,425
      Cash flows from operating activities include:
      Interest received                                                         214,843     188,045
      Interest paid                                                              95,349      83,869

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                         143
Annual Report 2018



Notes to the Financial Consolidated Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2018
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


1.       Organisation and principal activities
(1)      Organisation
         China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
         of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
         the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002.
         On 22 September 2006, the Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited (the “HKEx”).
         As at 31 December 2018, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the Mainland China, Hong
         Kong, New York, Singapore, Sydney and Luxembourg. In addition, the Bank has four representative offices in Beijing,
         London, New York and Taipei.



(2)      Principal activities
         The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
         services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
(1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
         Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
         and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
         also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKEx.



(2)      Basis of measurement
         Unless otherwise stated, the consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the
         Group’s functional and presentation currency, rounded to the nearest million.
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
         that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
         accounting policies below.
         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
         between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
         estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
         into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
         account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
         purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
         transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are within the scope
         of IAS 17 Lease, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
         realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.
144   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      2.    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
      (2)   Basis of measurement (continued)
            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
            the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
            the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
            Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
            access at the measurement date;
            Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
            liability, either directly or indirectly; and
            Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
            The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
            estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
            income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
            other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
            making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
            sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
            recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
            the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
            Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
            financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future period are discussed in
            Note 5.

      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            IFRS 9                           Financial Instruments
            IFRS 15                          Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related Amendments
            IFRIC 22                         Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
            Amendments to IFRS 2             Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
            Amendments to IFRS 4             Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
            Amendments to IAS 40             Transfers of Investment Property
            Amendments to IAS 28             As part of the annual Improvements to IFRS standards 2014-2016 Cycle


            The new and amendments to IFRSs have been applied in accordance with the relevant transition provisions in the
            respective standards and amendments which results in changes in accounting policies, amounts reported and/or
            disclosures as described below.

            (1)       Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
                      related amendments
                      In the current year, the Group has applied IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related consequential
                      amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for 1) the classification and measurement of
                      financial assets and financial liabilities, 2) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial assets, contract assets,
                      leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, and 3) general hedge accounting.
                      The Group has applied IFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in IFRS 9. i.e. applied the
                      classification and measurement requirements (including impairment) retrospectively to instruments that have
                      not been derecognised as at 1 January 2018 (date of initial application) and has not applied the requirements
                      to instruments that have already been derecognised as at 1 January 2018. The difference between carrying
                      amounts as at 31 December 2017 and the carrying amounts as at 1 January 2018 are recognized in the
                      opening retained profits and investment revaluation reserve, without restating comparative information.
                      Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable in these consolidated financial
                      statements.
                      Accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 9 are disclosed in note 4(5).
China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements                                                                                     145
Annual Report 2018



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
      (continued)
      (1)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
              related amendments (continued)
      (1.1)   Impacts from classification and measurement
              The directors of the Bank reviewed and assessed the Group’s financial assets as at 1 January 2018 based on
              the facts and circumstances that existed at that date. Changes in classification and measurement (including
              impairment) on the Group’s financial assets and the impacts thereof are detailed below:
                                                                                  IAS 39                                           IFRS 9
                                                                            31 December                                        1 January
                                                                                    2017   Reclassification   Remeasurement         2018
              Balances with banks and other financial institutions
              IAS 39                                                             76,918
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                        (22)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                             76,896

              Placements with banks and other financial
                 institutions
              IAS 39                                                            154,628
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                        (49)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                            154,579

              Amounts held under resale agreements
              IAS 39                                                            252,550
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                       (610)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                            251,940

              Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
              IAS 39                                                          3,414,612
              Transfer to loans and advances to customers at
                 FVTOCI (note (i))                                                               (136,918)
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                       (923)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                           3,276,771

              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
              IAS 39                                                                   –
              From loans and advances to customers at amortised
                 cost (note (i))                                                                  136,918
              Remeasurement: from amortised cost to fair value
                 (note (i))                                                                                             (90)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                            136,828

              Investments at FVTPL
              IAS 39                                                             64,796
              From available-for-sale financial assets (note (ii))                                 49,055
              From debt securities classified as receivables (note (iii))                         205,657
              Remeasurement: from amortised cost to fair value
                 (note (iii))                                                                                          (917)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                            318,591
146   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (1)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
                    related amendments (continued)
            (1.1)   Impacts from classification and measurement (continued)
                                                                                       IAS 39                                           IFRS 9
                                                                                 31 December                                        1 January
                                                                                         2017   Reclassification   Remeasurement         2018
                    Available-for-sale financial assets
                    IAS 39                                                           383,101
                    Transfer to Investments at FVTPL (note (ii))                                       (49,055)
                    Transfer to Debt investments at FVTOCI (note (iv))                                (331,498)
                    Transfer to Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                 (1,648)
                    Transfer to Debt investments at amortised cost                                        (900)
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                                  –

                    Held-to-maturity investments
                    IAS 39                                                           558,218
                    Transfer to Debt investments at amortised cost (note (vi))                        (558,218)
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                                  –

                    Debt securities classified as receivables
                    IAS 39                                                           572,241
                    Transfer to Investments at FVTPL (note (iii))                                     (205,657)
                    Transfer to Debt investments at FVTOCI                                              (1,540)
                    Transfer to Debt investments at amortised cost (note (v))                         (365,044)
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                                  –

                    Debt investments at FVTOCI
                    IAS 39                                                                  –
                    From Available-for-sale financial assets (note (iv))                               331,498
                    From Debt securities classified as receivables                                       1,540
                    Remeasurement: from amortised cost to fair value                                                        342
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                           333,380

                    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                    IAS 39                                                                  –
                    From Available-for-sale financial assets                                             1,648
                    From other assets                                                                      100
                    Remeasurement: from cost to fair value                                                                 1,177
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                             2,925

                    Debt investments at amortised cost
                    IAS 39                                                                  –
                    From Available-for-sale financial assets                                               900
                    From Held-to-maturity investments (note (vi))                                      558,218
                    From Debt securities classified as receivables (note (v))                          365,044
                    Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                    (2,670)
                    Remeasurement: from fair value to amortised cost                                                           2
                    IFRS 9                                                                                                           921,494
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                147
Annual Report 2018



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
      (continued)
      (1)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
              related amendments (continued)
      (1.1)   Impacts from classification and measurement (continued)
                                                                          IAS 39                                            IFRS 9
                                                                    31 December                                         1 January
                                                                            2017    Reclassification   Remeasurement         2018
              Interest receivable
              IAS 39                                                     28,726
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                                (546)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                      28,180

              Precious metals
              IAS 39                                                      9,309
              Remeasurement: ECL (note (vii))                                                                    17
              IFRS 9                                                                                                       9,326

              Other assets
              IAS 39                                                     23,372
              Transfer to Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                              (100)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                      23,272

              Deferred tax assets
              IAS 39                                                     50,120
              Remeasurement                                                                                    2,211
              IFRS 9                                                                                                      52,331

              Provision
              IAS 39                                                        450
              Remeasurement: ECL                                                                               4,824
              IFRS 9                                                                                                       5,274

              Investment revaluation reserve
              IAS 39                                                      (3,812)
              Remeasurement                                                                                    2,368
              IFRS 9                                                                                                       (1,444)

              Retained profits
              IAS 39                                                    219,878
              Remeasurement                                                                                   (9,270)
              IFRS 9                                                                                                     210,608
148   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (1)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
                    related amendments (continued)
            (1.1)   Impacts from classification and measurement (continued)
                    Notes:

                    (i)      Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost of RMB136,918 million were reclassified to loans and advances to customers at
                             FVTOCI, as these loans and advances to customers are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                             contractual cash flows and selling of these assets and the contractual cash flows of these loans are solely payments of principal
                             and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Related fair value losses of RMB90 million was adjusted to loans and advances to
                             customers at FVTOCI and revaluation reserve as at 1 January 2018.

                    (ii)     Available-for-sale investments of RMB49,055 million were reclassified to investments at FVTPL. This is because the cash flows of these
                             investments did not represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                    (iii)    Debt securities classified as receivables of RMB205,657 million were reclassified to investments at FVTPL upon the application of IFRS
                             9 because the contractual cash flows did not represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                             The related fair value losses of RMB917 million was adjusted to investments at FVTPL and retained profits as at 1 January 2018.

                    (iv)     Available-for-sale investments of RMB331,498 million were reclassified to debt instruments at FVTOCI, as these investments are held
                             within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling of these assets and the
                             contractual cash flows of these investments are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                    (v)      Debt securities classified as receivables of RMB365,044 million were reclassified and measured at amortised cost upon application
                             of IFRS 9. The Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual cash flows and these cash flows consist solely of
                             payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                    (vi)     Bonds previously classified as held-to-maturity investments were reclassified and measured at amortised cost upon application of IFRS
                             9. The Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual cash flows and these cash flows consist solely of payments
                             of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                    (vii)    The Group recognised a loss allowance for ECL on precious metals lease which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9.
China Merchants Bank                        IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                            149
Annual Report 2018



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
      (continued)
      (1)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the
              related amendments (continued)
      (1.2)   Impacts from ECL
              As at 1 January 2018, the directors of the Bank reviewed and assessed the Group’s existing financial
              assets, leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts etc. for impairment using
              reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort in accordance with the
              requirements of IFRS 9.
              All loss allowances for financial assets, leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts
              etc. as at 31 December 2017 reconciled to the opening loss allowances as at 1 January 2018 are as follows:
                                                                                                           Financial                                                                      Placements
                                              Loans and       Loans and                          Debt     guarantee                                                     Balances with with banks
                                             advances to     advances to          Debt    investments      contracts                   Debt securities                      banks and              and Amounts held
                                            customers at    customers at   instruments   at amortised     and credit Available-for-sale classified as Held-to-maturity other financial other financial under resale      Interest   Precious
                                           amortised cost        FVTOCI      at FVTOCI           cost   commitment financial assets       receivables     investments      institutions   institutions agreements     receivable      metals
              At 31 December 2017
                 – IAS 39                       150,432               –             –              –              –           531              4,302            93               116            135            754             –         22
              Reclassification                       (15)            15           455          4,395              –           (531)           (4,302)           (93)                –              –             –             –          –
              Amounts remeasured through
                opening retained profits             923              –             –          2,670          4,824              –                 –              –               22             49            610          546         (17)
              Amounts remeasured through
                investment revaluation
                reserve                                –            165           990              –              –              –                 –              –                 –              –             –            13          –
              At 1 January 2018                 151,340             180         1,445          7,065          4,824              –                 –              –              138            184          1,364          559           5



      (1.3)   Impacts from Hedge accounting
              The Group applies the hedge accounting requirements of IFRS 9 prospectively. At the date of the initial
              application, hedging relationships that qualified for hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39 are regarded
              as continuing hedging relationship if all qualifying criteria under IFRS 9 are met, after taking into account any
              rebalancing of the hedging relationship on transition. Consistent with prior periods, the Group has continued
              to designate several interest rate swap contracts as the hedging instrument for all of its hedging relationships
              involving interest rate risk. As such, the adoption of the hedge accounting requirements of IFRS 9 had not
              resulted in adjustments to comparative figures.
150   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (2)    Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 15
                   The Group has applied IFRS 15 for the first time in the current annual period. IFRS 15 superseded IAS 18
                   Revenue and the related interpretations. In accordance with the transition provisions in IFRS 15, the Group
                   has elected to apply the Standard retrospectively only to contracts that are not completed at 1 January 2018
                   and has used the practical expedient for all contract modifications that occurred before the date of initial
                   application. Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information
                   was prepared under IAS 18 and the related interpretations.
                   There is no significant impact on retained profits on initial application of IFRS 15. At 1 January 2018,
                   total deferred income RMB4,244 million were reclassified from other liabilities to contract liabilities upon
                   application of IFRS 15.
                   As at 31 December 2018, if the statement of financial position was presented without application of IFRS
                   15, contract liabilities amounting to RMB5,607 million upon application of IFRS 15 would be presented and
                   included in other liabilities.
                   The accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 15 are disclosed in notes 4(14).
                   Except as described above, the application of other amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no
                   material effect on the amounts reported and/or disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                        151
Annual Report 2018



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
      (continued)
      (3)    Impacts opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the application of all new
             standards, amendments
             As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies as described above, the opening consolidated
             statement of financial position had to be adjusted. The following table show the adjustments recognised for
             each individual line item.
                                                         31 December                                          1 January
                                                                2017             IFRS 9         IFRS 15           2018
             Assets
             Cash                                              16,412                –                –         16,412
             Precious metals                                    9,309               17                –          9,326
             Balances with central bank                       600,007                –                –        600,007
             Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions                   76,918               (22)              –          76,896
             Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions                  154,628              (49)               –        154,579
             Amounts held under resale agreements             252,550             (610)               –        251,940
             Loans and advances to customers                3,414,612           (1,013)               –      3,413,599
             Interest receivable                               28,726             (546)               –         28,180
             Investments at fair value through
                profit or loss                                 64,796          253,795                –        318,591
             Derivative financial assets                       18,916                –                –         18,916
             Debt investments at amortised cost                     –          921,494                –        921,494
             Debt investments at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                           –         333,380                –        333,380
             Equity investments designated
                at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                                –            2,925                –           2,925
             Available-for-sale financial assets              383,101         (383,101)               –               –
             Held-to-maturity investments                     558,218         (558,218)               –               –
             Debt securities classified as receivables        572,241         (572,241)               –               –
             Interests in joint ventures                        5,183                –                –           5,183
             Interests in associates                               20                –                –              20
             Investment properties                              1,612                –                –           1,612
             Property and equipment                            49,812                –                –          49,812
             Intangible assets                                  7,255                –                –           7,255
             Goodwill                                           9,954                –                –           9,954
             Deferred tax assets                               50,120            2,211                –          52,331
             Other assets                                      23,248             (100)               –          23,148
             Total assets                                   6,297,638           (2,078)               –      6,295,560
152   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (3)    Impacts opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the application of all new
                   standards, amendments (continued)
                                                                 31 December                                  1 January
                                                                        2017      IFRS 9         IFRS 15          2018
                   Liabilities
                   Borrowing from central bank                       414,838           –              –        414,838
                   Deposits from banks and other
                      financial institutions                         439,118           –              –        439,118
                   Placements from banks and other
                      financial institutions                         272,734           –              –        272,734
                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                      through profit or loss                          26,619           –              –         26,619
                   Derivative financial liabilities                   21,857           –              –         21,857
                   Amounts sold under repurchase
                      agreements                                     125,620           –              –        125,620
                   Deposits from customers                         4,064,345           –              –      4,064,345
                   Interest payable                                   36,501           –              –         36,501
                   Salaries and welfare payable                        8,020           –              –          8,020
                   Tax payable                                        26,701           –              –         26,701
                   Contract liabilities                                    –           –          4,244          4,244
                   Provision                                             450       4,824              –          5,274
                   Debt securities issued                            296,477           –              –        296,477
                   Deferred tax liabilities                            1,070           –              –          1,070
                   Other liabilities                                  79,896           –         (4,244)        75,652
                   Total liabilities                               5,814,246       4,824              –      5,819,070
                   Equity
                   Share capital                                      25,220           –              –         25,220
                   Other equity instruments                           34,065           –              –         34,065
                   Including: Preference shares                       34,065           –              –         34,065
                   Capital reserve                                    67,523           –              –         67,523
                   Investment revaluation reserve                     (3,812)      2,368              –         (1,444)
                   Hedging reserve                                       (86)          –              –            (86)
                   Surplus reserve                                    46,159           –              –         46,159
                   Regulatory general reserve                         70,921           –              –         70,921
                   Retained profits                                  219,878      (9,270)             –        210,608
                   Proposed profit appropriations                     21,185           –              –         21,185
                   Exchange reserve                                     (843)          –              –           (843)
                   Total equity attributable to equity
                     shareholders of the Bank                        480,210      (6,902)             –        473,308
                   Non-controlling interests                           3,182           –              –          3,182
                     – Non-controlling interests                       2,012           –              –          2,012
                     – Perpetual debt capital                          1,170           –              –          1,170
                   Total equity                                      483,392      (6,902)             –        476,490
                   Total equity and liabilities                    6,297,638      (2,078)             –      6,295,560
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                                                        153
Annual Report 2018



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
      Standards and amendments that are not yet effective and have not been
      adopted by the Group
                                                                                                                               Effective for annual
                                                                                                                               period beginning
                                                                                                                               on or after
      IFRS 16                                Leases                                                                            1 January 2019

      Amendments to IFRS 9                   Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation                                    1 January 2019

      IFRIC 23                               Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments                                            1 January 2019

      Amendments to IAS 19                   Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement                                         1 January 2019

      Amendments to IAS 28                   Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures                              1 January 2019

      Amendments to IFRSs                    Annual Improvements to IFRS standards 2015-2017 Cycle                             1 January 2019

      IFRS 17                                Insurance Contracts                                                               1 January 2021

      Amendments to IFRS 10                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and                            a date to be determined
       and IAS 28                              its Associate or Joint Venture

      Amendments to IFRS 3                   Definition of a Business                                                          Note (i)

      Amendments to IAS 1                    Definition of Material                                                            1 January 2020
       and IAS 8
      Note:     (i)   Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual
                      period beginning on or after 1 January 2020.



      The above new and amendments to IFRSs have been effective for the year beginning on or after 1 January 2019,
      and have not been used in advance in the consolidated financial statements of this year. Except for the new and
      amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the Group anticipates that the application of all other new and amendments
      to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
154   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss (continued)
            Standards and amendments that are not yet effective and have not been
            adopted by the Group (continued)
            IFRS 16 Leases
            IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting treatments
            for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations when it becomes
            effective.
            IFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by a
            customer. In addition, IFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be determined based on the requirements
            of IFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale. Distinctions of operating
            leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and are replaced by a model where a right-of-use asset
            and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees, except for short-term leases and leases
            of low value assets.
            The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
            less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The lease
            liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. Subsequently,
            the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as the impact of lease modifications, amongst
            others. For the classification of cash flows, the Group currently presents upfront prepaid lease payments as investing
            cash flows in relation to leasehold lands for owned use and those classified as investment properties while other
            operating lease payments are presented as operating cash flows under IAS 17. Under IFRS 16, lease payments in
            relation to lease liability will be allocated into a principal and an interest portion which will be presented as financing
            cash flows.
            In contrast to lessee accounting, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17,
            and continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an operating lease or a finance lease.
            Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.
            As at 31 December 2018, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of RMB14,548 million as
            disclosed in note 59(c). Under IFRS 16, the Group will recognise a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability in
            respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.
            The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as indicated
            above. The Group elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as
            leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not apply this
            standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease applying IAS 17 and IFRIC-Int 4.
            Therefore, the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a lease which already existed prior to
            the date of initial application.
            In addition, the Group also elected to use the following practical expedients when applying this Standard
            retrospectively in accordance with IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as operating leases applying IAS 17:
            –      Applying a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.
            –      Exclude initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application.
            –      Using hindsight, such as in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or terminate
                   the lease.
            Furthermore, the Group elected the modified retrospective approach for the application of IFRS 16 as lessee and
            recognised the cumulative effect of initial application to opening retained profits without restating comparative
            information. Based on the assessment by the Group, the adoption of IFRS 16 would not have a material impact on
            retained earnings of the Group at 1 January 2019.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                155
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies
(1)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests and business combination
      Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
      by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
      with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
      the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
      An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
      commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
      profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
      in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
      result in the group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
      of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests
      either at fair value or at their proportionate share of the subsidiary’s identifiable net assets. Non-controlling interests
      are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of changes in equity
      within equity, separately from equity attributable to the shareholders of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the
      results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the net profit or loss and total comprehensive
      income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Bank.
      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
      transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
      consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
      or loss is recognised.
      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
      with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at
      the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial
      recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment
      in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


      Business combination
      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
      business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
      the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
      the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
      contingent liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
      assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS
      12 – Income Taxes and IAS 19 – Employee Benefits, respectively.
      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration transferred, the fair value of
      any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in
      the acquiree (if any) and (ii) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent
      liabilities incurred or assumed.
      Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
      proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are accounted for at either fair value or the
      non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
      The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
156   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (2)   Joint ventures
            A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, where by the Group has rights to the net
            assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
            Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
            about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
            When judge whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
            –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
            –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                   parties sharing control.
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
            year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
            ventures.
            Interests in the joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost,
            which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
            Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the joint ventures, until the date on which
            significant influence or joint control ceases.
            Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
            of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
            Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
            assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
            of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
            consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
            impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
            and 4(11)).
            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
            recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
            obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
            ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
            substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
            Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
            to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
            impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and no significant impact occurs, it is accounted
            for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss.
            Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this
            amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              157
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(3)   Associates
      Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control, including
      participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
      Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is
      not control or joint control of those policies.
      When judging whether there is a significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
      –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
      –      participation in policy-making processes;
      –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method. Under
      the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the
      acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
      Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
      assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
      of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
      consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year, including
      any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
      and 4(11)).
      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
      recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
      is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
      form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
      extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of
      the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
      entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
      former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
      as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



(4)   Goodwill
      Goodwill represents the excess of
      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
             based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
             held equity interest in the acquiree; over
      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
      When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
      purchase.
      Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
      to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
      combination and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 4(11)).
      On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
      of the profit or loss on disposal.
158   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments
            Initial recognition
            A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
            equity instrument of another enterprise.
            All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
            established by regulation or convention in the market place.
            At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
            receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 since
            1 January 2018. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
            financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to
            or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
            Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
            and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
            that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
            that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
            the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net
            carrying amount on initial recognition.


            Classification and measurement of financial assets
            The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
            assets at amortised cost; financial assets fair value through other comprehensive income; and financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss.
            Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
            •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
            Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
            comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                    cash flows and selling; and
            •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
            the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
            income (“OCI”).
            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
            •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
            •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                    together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
            •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
            as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                159
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Amortised cost and interest income
      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
      amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated
      by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
      that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
      the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
      asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
      carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
      the asset is no longer credit impaired.


      Debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified as at FVTOCI
      Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified
      as at FVTOCI as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains
      and losses are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation
      reserve. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing
      the carrying amounts of debt instruments and loan and advances to customers. The amounts that are recognised
      in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt instruments
      and loan and advances to customers had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in investment
      revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.


      Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
      At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an
      instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as
      at FVTOCI. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
      Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
      in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
      cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
      transferred to retained profits.
      Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
      to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
      investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


      Financial assets at FVTPL
      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
      FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
      includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other net income” line item.
160   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Impairment under ECL model
            The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9
            (including financial assets at amortised cost, debt instruments assets at fair value through other comprehensive
            income), leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts etc. The amount of ECL is updated
            at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.
            The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
            months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
            events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
            to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
            as well as the forecast of future conditions.
            For the above financial instruments that apply the IFRS 9 Impairment Model of Financial Instruments, an assessment
            of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed at each reporting period by the
            Group to determine whether to recognize lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of these financial instruments does not
            increase significantly after the initial recognition, the Group makes provision for credit losses according 12-month
            ECL; in the event of a significant increase in credit risk, the group makes provision for the credit losses in accordance
            with the ECL for the entire duration.


            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
            the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
            quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
            has increased significantly are detailed in Note 61(a).


            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. Measurement of
            ECL are detailed in Note 61(a).
            Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
            interest rate determined at initial recognition.
            For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
            measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IAS 17 Leases.
            For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
            debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected losses is the
            present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that
            the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
            For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
            are due to the Group:
            •      if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
            •      the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
            For investments in debt instruments and loans and advances to customers that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss
            allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying
            amounts of these financial assets. The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is
            recognised in profit or loss and accumulated in provision. The loss allowance for other financial assets which are
            subject to impairment under IFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                     161
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at FVTPL
      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading or (ii) it is designated as
      at FVTPL.
      A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
      •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
              together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
      •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
              hedging instrument.
      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
      recognition if:
      •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
              otherwise arise; or
      •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
              and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
              management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis.


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities including borrowing from central bank, deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
      placements from banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from
      customers are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


      Hedge accounting
      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge. The Group documents
      the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective
      and strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship,. The Group also requires
      documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
      are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items attributable
      to the hedged risks.
162   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Cash flow hedge
            The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
            hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
            loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
            hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods during which the hedged cash
            flow affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
            criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
            transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
            no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss.


            Hedge effectiveness testing
            The Group has elected to adopt the new general hedge accounting in IFRS 9. This requires the Group to ensure that
            hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy and to apply a more
            qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
            changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
            relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and
            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
                   item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
                   to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk
            management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio
            of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.


            Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
            All gains and losses from changes in the fair value of derivatives that are managed in conjunction with financial
            instruments designated at fair value and do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            Specific items
            Cash equivalents
            Cash equivalents comprise balances with banks and the central bank, and short-term, highly liquid investments
            that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
            value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition.


            Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
            Banks represent other banks approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other financial
            institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing companies
            which are registered with and under the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
            (the “CBIRC”) and securities firms and investment fund companies, etc. which are registered with and under the
            supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions are
            accounted for as loans and receivables.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              163
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Specific items (continued)
      Resale and repurchase agreements
      Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
      resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
      “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.
      The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised over
      the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense (as
      appropriate).


      Investments
      Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
      fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
      fair value option.


      Loans and advances to customers
      Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers, participation in syndicated loans and finance leases
      receivables are accounted for as loans and advances to customers.
      Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances customers at fair value through profit or loss
      (loans and advances customers at FVTPL), loans and advances customers at amortised cost, loans and advances
      customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances customers at FVTOCI) in
      accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value option.


      Derivative financial instruments
      The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
      option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own asset and liability management
      purposes. To hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers, the Group enters
      into similar derivative contracts with other banks.
      Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value, with gains and losses arising recognised in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss other than cash flow hedge, for cash flow hedge, the gains and losses arising from the
      effective hedging part recognised in other comprehensive income.


      Embedded derivatives
      Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are not
      separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised cost
      or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within
      the scope of IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
      characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at
      FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit
      or loss unless they form part of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship. Separated embedded derivatives are
      presented in the statement of financial position together with the host contract.
164   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Specific items (continued)
            Equity instruments
            The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
            shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
            instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
            Perpetual debt capitals: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual debt capitals issued or their
            components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
            substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
            (i)    The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
                   another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
                   are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
            (ii)   If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
                   instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
                   equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
                   or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
            Perpetual debt capitals issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on
            the actual amount received. Any distribution of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit
            appropriation. When the perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redemption price is charged to equity.
            Preference shares: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
            as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
            considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            The Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions and other transaction costs
            of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as profit
            distribution at the time of declaration.


            Derecognition of financial instruments
            (a)    Financial Assets
                   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
                   is derecognised when:
                   –         the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
                   –         the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
                   –         has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                             in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                             Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or the
                             Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
                             financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
                   Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
                   to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
                   transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
                   asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
                   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
                   lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
                   could be required to repay.
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                   financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                   Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               165
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
      (b)    Securitisation
             As part of its operational activities, the Group securities financial assets, generally through the sale of these
             assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
             be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
             When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
             not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
             When the securitisation results in derecognisation or partial derecognisation of financial assets, the Group
             allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
             and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses on
             securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
             of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
             be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.
             When applying the policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree of
             transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised by the
             Group over the transferred financial assets:
             –         when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                       the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
             –         when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets, the
                       Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
             –         when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                       of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                       assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                       separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                       Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                       continuing involvement in the financial assets.


      (c)    Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
             The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
             substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
             substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not
             derecognise the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset
             at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will
             derecognise the financial asset.


      (d)    Financial liabilities
             A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expired.


      Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when
      there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis
      or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
166   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (6)   Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
            Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
            impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where the fair value
            of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of the lease and
            the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over their following
            estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:
            Land and buildings                                                                                            20 years

            Investment properties                                                                                         20 years

            Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

            Motor vehicles and others                                                                                  3 – 5 years

            Leasehold improvements (leasing property)                                                                      3 years

            Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                 the estimated useful lives


            Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
            comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
            of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
            in progress.
            Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
            probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
            expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
            Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
            between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment, investment property and
            are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



      (7)   Repossessed assets
            In the recovery of impaired loans and receivables, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
            court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly
            realisation of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrowers, repossessed
            assets except the equity instrument are reported in “other assets”.
            Repossessed assets except equity instrument are measured at fair value at the date of exchange. They are not
            depreciated or amortised. Impairment losses on subsequent remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss.
            Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in note 4 (5).
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                167
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(8)   Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
      impairment losses (see Note 4(11)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or
      loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
      Land use rights are stated at cost, amortised on a straight-line basis over the respective lease periods.
      Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
      intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of reporting period.
      The amortization period of intangible assets is as follow:
      Land use right                          Software and Others                      Core deposit
      30~50 years                             2~20 years                               28 years


      Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.



(9)   Finance and operating lease
      Classification
      Lease is classified into finance and operating lease. A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks
      and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset. Title may or may not eventually be transferred. An operating lease
      is a lease other than a finance lease.


      Finance leases
      Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
      in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
      income under finance leases are amortised using an effective interest rate method over the lease term. Impairment
      losses are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 4(5).


      Operating leases
      Assets leased in under operating leases
      Rental payments under operating leases are recognised as costs or expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease
      term. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


      Assets leased out under operating leases
      Property, equipment and investment property leased out under operating leases are depreciated in accordance with
      the depreciation policies described in Note 4(6) and if impaired, impairment losses are provided for in accordance
      with the accounting policy described in Note 4(11). Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
      incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
      in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Otherwise, the costs are charged to profit
      or loss immediately. Contingent lease income is charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are
      incurred.
168   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (10) Insurance contracts
            Insurance contracts classification
            Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant insurance risk, relative to an
            insured event or occurrence. When necessary, the Group enters into reinsurance contracts to transfer insurance risks
            to reinsurer. A significant insurance risk test is performed at inception of the insurance contracts.


            Insurance income recognition
            Premiums from long-term life insurance contracts are recognized as revenue when due from policy holders.
            Premiums related to short-term non-life insurance contracts are recognized when received at the inception of the
            policy, as unearned insurance premiums in the consolidated statement of financial position, and are amortized
            on a straight-line basis into the consolidated income statement over the term of the policy. When the Group has
            transferred insurance risk through reinsurance contracts, the Group calculates the amount of premium ceded and
            the reinsurers’ share of expenses and recognizes them through the consolidated income statement in accordance
            with the terms of the reinsurance contracts.


            Insurance contract liabilities
            Insurance contract liabilities are measured based on a reasonable estimate of the amount of payments that the
            Group will be required to make to fulfil its obligations under the insurance contracts, which represents the difference
            between expected future cash outflows and inflows related to such contracts. A reasonable estimate of expected
            future net cash flows is determined based on information currently available as at the end of the reporting period.
            The Group has considered the impact of time value in the liability calculation for long-term life insurance. The
            Group performs liability adequacy tests based on information currently available, as at the reporting date. Additional
            insurance contract liabilities should be recorded if any deficiency exists.



      (11) Impairment on tangible, intangible assets other than impairment under ECL
           model
            The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under ECL model is reviewed
            periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the carrying amount, including
            property and equipment, intangible assets, investment properties, interest in joint ventures, interest in associates,
            good will and other non-current assets. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the
            recoverable amount. The amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future
            expected cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.
            Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify indications
            that other assets may be impaired.
            If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
            that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
            estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


            –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                   The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value net disposal
                   expense and the present value of future cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
                   are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                   of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
                   largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group
                   of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                169
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(11) Impairment on tangible, intangible assets other than impairment under ECL
     model (continued)
      –      Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
             amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
             Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
             amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
             carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
             if determinable.



(12) Precious metals
      Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and
      subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals that are related to the Group’s
      trading activities are initially recognized at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from re-measurement
      recognized directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.



(13) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
      Financial guarantees issued
      Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
      reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
      make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
      issued is confirmed in the statement of financial position in accordance with note 4 (5).


      Other provisions and contingent liabilities
      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
      obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
      required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
      provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
      reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
      remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
      more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits
      is remote.
170   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (14) Income recognition
            Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
            increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


            Net Interest income
            Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
            “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
            on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
            is recognized in “Other net income”.


            Dividend income
            Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the underlying investment is declared ex-dividend.
            Where the investments are unlisted, interim dividend income is recognised when declared by the Board of Directors
            of the investees. Final dividend income is recognised only when the amount proposed by the Board of Directors of
            the investees is approved by shareholders at general meetings.


            Rental income
            Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the
            straight-line method over the lease term.


            Premium income
            Premium income represents gross insurance premium written less reinsurance ceded, as adjusted for unearned
            premium. Gross premiums written are recognised at date of risk inception.


            Fee and commission income
            Under IFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
            of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
            A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
            of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
            obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone
            selling price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
            at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
            to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
            techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
            consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
            to the customer.
            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
            be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
            better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                171
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(14) Income recognition (continued)
      Fee and commission income (continued)
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
      probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
      associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
      At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its
      assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances
      present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.
      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
      •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
             Group performs;
      •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
      •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
             enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
      service.
      If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognizes revenue in accordance with the progress towards
      complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
      obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
      of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
      promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
      If a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, it is satisfied at a point in time. To determine the point in time
      at which a customer obtains control of a promised service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should
      also be considered; these include, but are not limited to:
      •      The Group has a present right to payment for the services;
      •      The Group has transferred physical possession of the service;
      •      The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the service;
      •      The customer has accepted the services.
      When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
      nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
      principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
      The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service
      by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another
      party before that goods or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises
      revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the
      specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.
      A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
      transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9. In
      contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is
      required before payment of that consideration is due.
      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
      has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.
172   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (15) Taxation
            Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
            equity.
            Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
            enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
            the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
            Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. The amount of deferred tax provided is
            based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
            rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
            discounted.
            A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
            against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
            that the related tax benefit will be realised.
            The Group shall recognise a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except to the extent that both of the following conditions
            are satisfied: the parent, investor, joint venturer or joint operator is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
            temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
            and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
            deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
            –      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
                   the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
            –      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                   authority on either:
                   –         the same taxable entity; or
                   –         different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                             liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                             settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



      (16) Foreign currencies translations
            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
            entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
            transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
            at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
            currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary
            items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
            Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
            Exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to the effective portion of the hedge certain foreign
            currency risks;
            Exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
            neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are
            recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on repayment of the
            monetary items.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                    173
Annual Report 2018



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(16) Foreign currencies translations (continued)
      For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
      foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing
      at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for
      the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at
      the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive
      income and accumulated in exchange reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
      On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
      of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to profit or loss.



(17) Employee benefits
      Salaries and staff welfare
      Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
      employees.


      Post employment benefits
      The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
      provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
      jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
      The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
      the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
      and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
      The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
      credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
      the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds form the plan or reductions in
      future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits consideration is given to any
      applicable minimum funding requirements.
      Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
      assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
      in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
      liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
      beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
      in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
      interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss.
      When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
      past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
      and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


      Share-based payment
      The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the Senior
      Management (“the Scheme”), the Scheme is settle by cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured at the fair
      value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the price of the share. The Group recognises
      the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to
      the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end of each reporting period
      within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value of the liability at each balance
      sheet date and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the period.
      The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
      condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
174   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (18) Related parties
            For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
            the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over
            the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject
            to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key
            management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include
            entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals,
            and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a
            related party of the Group.



      (19) Segmental reporting
            Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
            identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
            the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
            geographical locations.Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
            unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
            services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
            products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
            individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



      (20) Fiduciary activities
            The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
            and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
            financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
            commission.



      (21) Dividends or profit distributions
            Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements
            In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
            of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
            assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on historical
            experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions and estimations
            of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              175
Annual Report 2018



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(1)   Control over structured entity
      Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgment on whether it is the
      principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
      When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among other things, the scope of
      its decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which
      it is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
      variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



(2)   Classification of financial assets
      Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI
      and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
      financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes judgement
      reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and their performance
      measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed and how the managers
      of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that
      are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the reason for their disposal and whether the reasons
      are consistent with the objective of the business for which the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s
      continuous assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to
      be appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective
      change to the classification of those assets.



(3)   De-recognition of financial assets transferred
      In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
      including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
      Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which qualify for a
      full de-recognition.
      Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
      Group analyzes whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
      that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these structured
      entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated
      level or at the entity level from which the financial assets are transferred.
      The Group analyzes the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
      the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
      •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
             qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties.
      •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
             Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before and after
             the transfers and other factors that effect the outcomes of Group’s assessment on the extent that risks and
             rewards are transferred.
176   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (4)   Impairment under ECL model
            •      Significant increase of credit risk: ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1
                   assets, or lifetime ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk
                   has increased significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has
                   significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable
                   forward looking information. Refer to note 61(a) for more details.
            •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
                   basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 61(a) for
                   details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
                   credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
                   in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
                   assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
                   reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to lifetime
                   ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue
                   to be measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the
                   credit risk of the portfolios differ.
            •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in measuring fair value
                   of financial assets as well as in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most appropriate
                   model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
                   assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. See Note 61(a) for more details on ECL and Note 61(g)
                   for more details on fair value measurement.
            •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward
                   looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
                   and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 61(a) for more details.
            •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
                   of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
                   expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 61(a) for more details.
            •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
                   between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
                   account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 61(a) for more details.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             177
Annual Report 2018



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(5)   Fair value of financial instruments
      For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
      instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
      market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments and discounted cash flow analysis and
      option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed
      by qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the area that constructed the
      valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to
      ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make the maximum
      use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be noted that
      some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates. Management
      estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is measured using
      third party information such as brokerage quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate the evidence
      obtained from third parties to support the conclusion.



(6)   Income taxes
      Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
      Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment
      of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred tax
      assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets
      can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
      unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable
      profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it
      becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.



(7)   Impairment of goodwill
      The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
      that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the groups to
      which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make an estimate of the
      expected future cash ﬂows from groups and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
      value of those cash ﬂows.
178   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      6.    Interest income
                                                                                                                             2018                        2017
            Loans and advances to customers
              – Corporate loans                                                                                           73,954                      65,864
              – Retail loans                                                                                             113,698                      98,386
              – Discounted bills                                                                                           8,718                       4,608
            Balances with central bank                                                                                     7,961                       8,679
            Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                           1,980                       1,271
            Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                         8,802                       6,019
            Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                           7,531                       5,136
            Investments                                                                                                   48,267                      52,042
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                                12,256                         N/A
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                        36,011                         N/A
            Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost
               and fair value through other comprehensive income.                                                        270,911                     242,005

            Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2018, included in the above is interest income of RMB307 million accrued on impaired loans (2017: RMB561
                    million) and nil for impaired debt securities investments (2017: nil), and RMB9,462 million on loans and advances to customers at fair value
                    through other comprehensive income (for the year ended 31 December 2017: not applicable).




      7.    Interest expense
                                                                                                                             2018                        2017
            Deposits from customers                                                                                       61,987                      50,329
            Borrowing from central bank                                                                                   10,982                       9,250
            Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                          12,166                      13,606
            Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                         7,294                       4,441
            Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                       3,568                       6,091
            Debt securities issued                                                                                        14,530                      13,436
            Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                         110,527                      97,153




      8.    Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                             2018                        2017
            Bank cards fees                                                                                               16,727                      14,011
            Remittance and settlement fees                                                                                10,267                       9,209
            Agency services fees                                                                                          12,723                      12,287
            Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                        6,807                       6,372
            Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                                                 23,351                      25,245
            Others                                                                                                         3,171                       2,784
            Total                                                                                                          73,046                     69,908
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                               179
Annual Report 2018



9.    Other net income
                                                                                                                              2018            2017
      Profit/(loss) from fair value change                                                                                1,091                671
        – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                                      1,803                104
        – derivatives instruments                                                                                            52                400
        – precious metals                                                                                                  (764)               167
      Investment income                                                                                                  11,327              4,911
        – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                                  9,734              1,138
        – disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                                                              (350)               N/A
        – disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                                          1,816                N/A
        – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                             1,742                N/A
        – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                                      154                N/A
        – available-for-sale financial assets                                                                               N/A                836
        – gain on disposal of bills                                                                                         N/A              2,903
        – others                                                                                                            (27)                34
      Exchange gain                                                                                                       3,538              1,934
      Other income                                                                                                        3,889              3,202
        – rental income                                                                                                   3,555              2,882
        – insurance income                                                                                                  334                320
      Others                                                                                                                426                451
      Total                                                                                                              20,271             11,169




10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                              2018            2017
      Staff costs
        – Salaries and bonuses (note (i))                                                                                33,077             28,286
        – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                           5,777              4,696
        – Others                                                                                                          7,171              6,530
      Subtotal                                                                                                           46,025             39,512
      Business tax and surcharges                                                                                         2,132              2,152
      Property, equipment and investment properties depreciation                                                          5,270              5,062
      Intangible assets amortization                                                                                        983                714
      Rental expenses                                                                                                     4,242              4,189
      Charge for insurance claims                                                                                           244                232
      Other general and administrative expenses (note (ii))                                                              22,214             18,570
      Total                                                                                                              81,110             70,431

      Notes:

      (i)      Performance bonus is included in the salaries and bonuses, the details of which are disclosed in Note 40(a).

      (ii)     Auditors’ remuneration amounted to RMB30 million for the year ended 31 December 2018(2017: RMB20 million), which was included in other
               general and administrative expenses.
180   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      11. Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments
            The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year are as follows:

                                                                                       2018
                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                    allowances                        Retirement
                                                    Directors’     and benefits    Discretionary         scheme
                                                            fees        in kind         bonuses     contributions      Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                              (i)
            Executive Directors
            Tian Huiyu                                        –           4,620                –               70     4,690
            Li Hao                                            –           4,200                –               90     4,290
            Subtotal                                          –           8,820                –             160      8,980

            The Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
            affairs of the Bank and the Group.
            Non-Executive Directors
            Li Jianhong                                       –               –                –                –         –
            Sun Yueying                                       –               –                –                –         –
            Fu Gangfeng                                       –               –                –                –         –
            Zhou Song (ii)                                    –               –                –                –         –
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                     –               –                –                –         –
            Su Min                                            –               –                –                –         –
            Zhang Jian                                        –               –                –                –         –
            Wang Daxiong                                      –               –                –                –         –
            Subtotal                                          –               –                –                –         –

            The Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
            Independent Non-Executive
              Directors and Supervisors
            Liang Jinsong                                   500               –                –                –       500
            Pan Chengwei                                    500               –                –                –       500
            Zhao Jun                                        500               –                –                –       500
            Wong See Hong                                   500               –                –                –       500
            Li Menggang (iii)                                42               –                –                –        42
            Liu Qiao (iii)                                   42               –                –                –        42
            Liu Yuan                                          –           3,780                –               90     3,870
            Fu Junyuan (iv)                                   –               –                –                –         –
            Wen Jianguo                                       –               –                –                –         –
            Wu Heng                                            –              –                –                –         –
            Jin Qingjun                                     400               –                –                –       400
            Ding Huiping                                    400               –                –                –       400
            Han Zirong                                      400               –                –                –       400
            Wang Wanqing (v)                                   –          1,723                –               39     1,762
            Huang Dan                                          –          2,152                –               93     2,245
            Subtotal                                    3,284             7,655                –             222     11,161

            The independent Non-Executive Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            Directors or Supervisors of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                                              181
Annual Report 2018



11. Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                               2018
                                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                                     allowances                                     Retirement
                                                               Directors’          and benefits           Discretionary                   scheme
                                                                       fees                in kind               bonuses         contributions                 Total
                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000
      Former Executive, Non-Executive
              Directors and Supervisors
      Li Xiaopeng (vi)                                                      –                      –                       –                       –                 –
      Wong Kwai Lam (vii)                                               500                        –                       –                       –             500
      Pan Yingli (vii)                                                  500                        –                       –                       –             500
      Xu Lizhong (v)                                                        –                1,200                         –                     63            1,263
      Subtotal                                                       1,000                   1,200                         –                     63            2,263

      The former executive, Non-Executive Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
      Directors or Supervisors of the Bank.
      Total                                                          4,284                 17,675                          –                   445           22,404

      Notes:

      (i)         The total remuneration before tax for the full-time Directors, Supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                  remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

      (ii)        During the reporting period, the appointment qualification of Mr.Zhou Song was approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                  Commission in October 2018.

      (iii)       During the reporting period, the appointment qualification of Mr.Li Menggang and Liu Qiao were approved by the China Banking and
                  Insurance Regulatory Commission in November 2018.

      (iv)        Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as a shareholder Supervisor of the Bank and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors for
                  work reasons, effective since February 28, 2019.

      (v)         In July 2018, Mr. Xu Lizhong, the former employee Supervisor, submitted his resignation to the Supervisory Committee of the Bank for work
                  reasons. According to the results of the employee representative meeting held on July 18, 2018, Mr. Wang Wanqing was newly elected as
                  the employee Supervisor of the tenth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Bank, and Mr. Xu Lizhong no longer served as employee
                  Supervisor of the Bank.

      (vi)        In January 2018, Mr. Li Xiaopeng resigned as the Bank’s vice chairman and Non-Executive Director.

      (vii)       In November 2018, Mr. Wong Kwai Lam and Mrs. Pan Yingli resigned as the Bank’s independent Non-Executive Director.

      (viii)      As at 31 December 2018, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                  Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 40(a)(iii).
182   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      11. Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                            2017
                                                                             Salaries,
                                                                          allowances                        Retirement
                                                            Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary         scheme
                                                                 fees         in kind        bonuses      contributions      Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                    (i)
            Executive directors
            Tian Huiyu                                              –          4,620                 –             601      5,221
            Li Hao                                                  –          4,200                 –             546      4,746
            Subtotal                                                –          8,820                 –           1,147      9,967
            The Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
            affairs of the Bank and the Group.
            Non-Executive Directors
            Li Jianhong                                             –               –                –               –          –
            Li Xiaopeng                                             –               –                –               –          –
            Sun Yueying                                             –               –                –               –          –
            Fu Gangfeng                                             –               –                –               –          –
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                           –               –                –               –          –
            Su Min                                                  –               –                –               –          –
            Zhang Jian                                              –               –                –               –          –
            Wang Daxiong                                            –               –                –               –          –
            Subtotal                                                –               –                –               –          –
            The Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
            Independent Non-Executive
               Directors and Supervisors
            Liang Jinsong                                        500               –                 –               –        500
            Wong Kwai Lam                                        500               –                 –               –        500
            Pan Chengwei                                         500               –                 –               –        500
            Pan Yingli                                           500               –                 –               –        500
            Zhao Jun                                             500               –                 –               –        500
            Liu Yuan                                               –           4,255                 –             491      4,746
            Fu Junyuan                                             –               –                 –               –          –
            Wen Jianguo                                            –               –                 –               –          –
            Wu Heng                                                –               –                 –               –          –
            Jin Qingjun                                          400               –                 –               –        400
            Ding Huiping                                         400               –                 –               –        400
            Han Zirong                                           400               –                 –               –        400
            Xu Lizhong                                             –           2,953                 –             384      3,337
            Huang Dan                                              –           2,159                 –             281      2,440
            Wong See Hong (iii)                                  417               –                 –               –        417
            Subtotal                                           4,117           9,367                 –           1,156     14,640

            The independent Non-Executive Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors or Supervisors of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                                              183
Annual Report 2018



11. Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                  2017
                                                                                              Salaries,
                                                                                          allowances                                  Retirement
                                                                      Directors’        and benefits         Discretionary                 scheme
                                                                              fees              in kind             bonuses        contributions                Total
                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (i)
      Former Executive, Non-Executive
              Directors and Supervisors
      Guo Xuemeng (iv)                                                            –                    –                     –                     –                 –
      Subtotal                                                                    –                    –                     –                     –                 –

      The former executive, Non-Executive Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
      Directors or Supervisors of the Bank.
      Total                                                                4,117               18,187                        –               2,303           24,607

      Notes:

      (i)         The total remuneration before tax for the full-time Directors, Supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                  remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

      (ii)        As at 31 December 2017, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                  Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 40(a)(iii).

      (iii)       During the reporting period, Wong See Hong was approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in February 2017.

      (iv)        In February 2017, Guo Xuemeng resigned as the Bank’s independent Non-Executive Director.

      The number of the Directors and Supervisors whose emoluments are within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                                                  2018                          2017
      HKD
      0 – 500,000                                                                                                                    16                            15
      500,001 – 1,000,000                                                                                                             4                             5
      1,000,001 – 1,500,000                                                                                                           –                             –
      1,500,001 – 2,000,000                                                                                                           –                             –
      2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                                                           1                             –
      2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                                                           1                             1
      3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                                                           –                             –
      3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                                           –                             –
      4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                                           1                             1
      4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                                           1                             –
      5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                                                           1                             –
      5,500,001 – 6,000,000                                                                                                           –                             2
      6,000,001 – 6,500,000                                                                                                           –                             1
      Total                                                                                                                          25                            25

      During the year ended 31 December 2018, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are
      directors or Supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, there was no arrangement under which a director or a Supervisor waived
      or agreed to waive any remuneration.
184   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      12. Individuals with highest emoluments
            Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2018, 3 (2017: 3) are Directors
            or Supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments are included in Note 11 above. The aggregate of the emoluments in
            respect of the five individuals during the year is as follows:
                                                                                                     2018                2017
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
            Salaries and other emoluments                                                          22,680               30,014
            Discretionary bonuses (Note 11)                                                             –                    –
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                  520                3,736
            Total                                                                                  23,200               33,750

            The number of the five highest paid individuals whose emoluments fell within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                     2018                 2017
            HKD
            3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                       3                    –
            4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                       1                    –
            4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                       1                    5
            5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                       1                    –
            5,500,001 – 6,000,000                                                                       –                    2
            6,000,001 – 6,500,000                                                                       –                    1

            During the year ended 31 December 2018, the five highest paid individuals include six persons in total as three
            of them are with the same emoluments and being the forth highest paid individuals. During the year ended 31
            December 2017, the five highest paid individuals include eight persons in total as two of them are with the same
            emoluments and being the second highest paid individuals and four of them are with the same emoluments and
            being the fifth highest paid individuals.



      13. Loans to Directors, Supervisors and executive officers
            Loans to Directors, Supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                     2018                 2017
            Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
              outstanding at year end                                                                  47                   50
            Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by
             the Group outstanding during the year                                                     54                   57
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                                  185
Annual Report 2018



14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                                 2018            2017
      Loans and advances to customers (Note 22(c))                                                                          59,252             60,052
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                                 (368)               121
      Investments
        – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 24(b))                                                                         787              N/A
        – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 24(c))                                                                                 389              N/A
        – Available-for-sale financial assets                                                                                     N/A              (55)
        – Held-to-maturity investments (Note 24(f))                                                                               N/A                8
        – Debt securities classified as receivables (Note 24(g))                                                                  N/A             (886)
      Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
        loan commitments                                                                                                          374              N/A
      Others                                                                                                                      395              682
      Total                                                                                                                 60,829             59,922




15. Income tax
(a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                                 2018            2017
      Current income tax expense
        – Mainland China                                                                                                    32,744             35,849
        – Hong Kong                                                                                                          1,017              1,129
        – Overseas                                                                                                             216                149
      Subtotal                                                                                                              33,977             37,127
      Deferred taxation                                                                                                      (8,299)          (17,085)
      Total                                                                                                                 25,678             20,042



(b)   A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss and that calculated at the applicable tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2018            2017
      Profit before taxation                                                                                              106,497              90,680
      Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2017: 25%)                                                          26,624              22,670
      Tax effects of the following items:
        – Effects of non-deductible expenses                                                                                  1,574               811
        – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                                      (5,917)           (5,235)
        – Effects of different applicable rates of tax prevailing
          in other jurisdictions                                                                                                  (210)          (358)
        – Transfer out of prior deferred tax assets                                                                              3,570          1,970
        – Other                                                                                                                     37            184
      Income tax expense                                                                                                    25,678             20,042

      Note:

      (i)     The applicable income tax rate for the Group’s operations in Mainland China is 25% during 2018 (2017: 25%).

      (ii)    The applicable income tax rate in Hong Kong is 8.25% on assessable profits up to HKD2,000,000; and 16.5% on any part of assessable profits
              over HKD2,000,000 during 2018 (2017: 16.5%).

      (iii)   Taxation for overseas operations is charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.
186   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      16. Other comprehensive income
      (a)   Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                      2018                                     2017
                                                       Before-tax Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax   Before-tax   Tax benefit/   Net-of-tax
                                                         amount     (expense)       amount       amount       (expense)      amount
            Items that may be reclassified to
               profit or loss
               – Fair value gain on debt instruments
                measured at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                  8,494      (2,251)        6,243          N/A            N/A          N/A
               – Net changes in expected credit
                losses of debt
                instruments measured at fair
                value through other
               comprehensive income                          490              6         496          N/A            N/A          N/A
               – Net movement in fair value
                reserve of available-for-sale
               financial assets                              N/A          N/A           N/A       (7,154)        1,785        (5,369)
               – Net movement in cash flow
               hedge reserve                                 180          (31)          149          (89)             22         (67)
               – Equity-accounted investees-share
                of other comprehensive income                 (36)            –         (36)          44               –          44
               – Exchange difference on translation
                of financial statements of foreign
               operations                                   1,995             –       1,995       (2,359)              –      (2,359)
            Items that will not be reclassified
               subsequently to profit or loss
               – Fair value gain on equity
                instruments measured at fair
                value through other
               comprehensive income                          439         (107)          332          N/A            N/A          N/A
               – Remeasurement of defined
                benefit scheme redesigned
               through reserve                                (74)           12         (62)          72            (12)          60
            Other comprehensive income                    11,488       (2,371)        9,117       (9,486)        1,795        (7,691)
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                   187
Annual Report 2018



16. Other comprehensive income (continued)
(b)   Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
      follows:
                                                                                   2018      2017
      Reserve changes in debt instruments at FVTOCI
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                          8,059       N/A
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss
         – On disposal                                                            (1,816)     N/A
      Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
        year recognised in other comprehensive income                             6,243       N/A
      Changes in expected credit losses in financial assets at FVTOCI
        Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                496       N/A
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss
      Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
        year recognised in other comprehensive income                               496       N/A
      Equity instruments measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                            332       N/A
        Net movement in the equity investment revaluation reserve during the
         year recognised in other comprehensive income                              332       N/A
      Available-for-sale financial assets
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                            N/A     (4,868)
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss:
         – On disposal                                                              N/A      (501)
      Net movement in the investment reserve during the year recognised
        in other comprehensive income                                               N/A     (5,369)
      Cash flow hedge
        Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments           106        (88)
        Reclassification adjustment for realised loss transferred
         to profit or loss
         – Realised losses                                                           43        21
      Net movement in the hedging reserve during the year recognised
        in other comprehensive income                                               149        (67)
188   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      17. Earnings per share
            The calculation of basic earnings per share for the years 2018 and 2017 is based on the net profit attributable
            to ordinary shareholders of the Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue. There is no difference
            between basic and diluted earnings per share as there are no potential ordinary shares outstanding during the years
            2018 and 2017.
                                                                                                                                2018                         2017
            Net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                                        80,560                      70,150
            Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                              (1,659)                          –
            Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                      78,901                      70,150
            Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million)                                                           25,220                      25,220
            Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable
              to equity shareholders of the Bank (in RMB)                                                                        3.13                         2.78

            Note:

            The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in year 2017. For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December
            2018 and 2017, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares declared in respect of the year should be deducted from the amounts attributable to
            equity shareholders of the Bank.

            The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
            as at 31 December 2018 and 2017. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation.




      18. Balances with central bank
                                                                                                                                2018                         2017
            Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                            438,777                      530,509
            Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                              36,488                       68,012
            Fiscal deposits                                                                                                   2,056                        1,486
            Interest receivable                                                                                                 247                          N/A
            Total                                                                                                           477,568                      600,007

            Notes:

            (i)      Statutory deposit reserve funds are deposited with the PBOC and other central banks outside the Mainland China as required and are not
                     available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank are calculated at 11% and 5% for eligible RMB
                     deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2018 (2017: 15% and 5% for eligible RMB deposits and foreign
                     currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from government authorities and other organizations, retail deposits,
                     corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB deposits placed by the financial institutions outside mainland China.

            (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Mainland China are mainly for clearing purposes.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                 189
Annual Report 2018



19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                 2018      2017
      Principal (a)                                            100,022    77,034
      Impairment losses (a)(b)                                    (171)     (116)
      Subtotal                                                  99,851    76,918
      Interest receivable                                          309       N/A
      Total                                                    100,160    76,918



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                 2018      2017
      Balances in Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 60,222    49,093
        – Other financial institutions                           2,833     2,942
      Subtotal                                                  63,055    52,035
      Balances outside Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 36,861    24,937
        – Other financial institutions                             106        62
      Subtotal                                                  36,967    24,999
      Total                                                    100,022    77,034
      Less: Impairment allowances
         – Banks                                                  (133)     (116)
         – Other financial institutions                            (38)        –
      Subtotal                                                    (171)     (116)
      Total                                                     99,851    76,918



(b)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                 2018      2017
      Balance as at the end of last year                           116      196
      Adjustments under IFRS 9                                      22      N/A
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                      138      196
      Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                       43      (80)
      Exchange difference                                          (10)       –
      Balance as at the end of the year                           171       116
190   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                       2018       2017
            Principal (a)                                            312,559    154,763
            Impairment losses (a)(c)                                    (405)      (135)
            Subtotal                                                 312,154    154,628
            Interest receivable                                        1,257        N/A
            Total                                                    313,411    154,628



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                       2018       2017
            Placements in Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 99,487     74,098
              – Other financial institutions                         136,274     52,747
            Subtotal                                                 235,761    126,845
            Placements outside Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 76,798     27,918
            Subtotal                                                  76,798     27,918
            Total                                                    312,559    154,763
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Banks                                                   (180)       (98)
              – Other financial institutions                            (225)       (37)
            Subtotal                                                    (405)      (135)
            Total                                                    312,154    154,628



      (b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                       2018       2017
            Maturing
             – Within one month (inclusive)                          208,432     36,202
             – Between one month and one year (inclusive)            102,493    116,526
             – Over one year                                           1,229      1,900
            Total                                                    312,154    154,628



      (c)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                       2018       2017
            Balance as at the end of last year                          135          16
            Adjustments under IFRS 9                                     49         N/A
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                     184          16
            Charge for the year (note 14)                               218         119
            Exchange difference                                           3           –
            Balance as at the end of the year                           405         135
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                  191
Annual Report 2018



21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                 2018       2017
      Principal(a)                                             199,918    253,304
      Impairment losses (a)(d)                                    (737)      (754)
      Subtotal                                                 199,181    252,550
      Interest receivable                                         205         N/A
      Total                                                    199,386    252,550



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                 2018       2017
      Amounts held under resale agreements in Mainland China
       – Banks                                                  47,793     32,365
       – Other financial institutions                          152,125    220,939
      Subtotal                                                 199,918    253,304
      Less: Impairment allowances
         – Banks                                                  (229)      (659)
         – Other financial institutions                           (508)       (95)
      Subtotal                                                    (737)      (754)
      Total                                                    199,181    252,550



(b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                 2018       2017
      Maturing
       – Within one month (inclusive)                          198,183    249,563
       – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                998      2,987
      Total                                                    199,181    252,550



(c)   Analysed by assets types
                                                                 2018       2017
      Bonds                                                    188,429    245,059
      Bills                                                     10,752      6,443
      Asset management schemes                                       –      1,048
      Total                                                    199,181    252,550



(d)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                 2018       2017
      Balance as at the end of last year                           754        672
      Adjustments under IFRS 9                                     610        N/A
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                    1,364        672
      (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                     (629)        82
      Exchange difference                                            2          –
      Balance as at the end of the year                            737        754
192   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      22. Loans and advances to customers
      (a)   Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                       31 December 2018    31 December 2017
            Gross loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)                       3,755,264           3,565,044
            Interest receivable                                                                   8,810                 N/A
            Subtotal                                                                          3,764,074           3,565,044
            loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)           (191,772)           (150,432)
            loss allowances of Interest receivable                                                 (123)                N/A
            Subtotal                                                                           (191,895)           (150,432)
            Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                                 3,572,179           3,414,612
            Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                      177,367                 N/A
            Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                                                403                 N/A
            Total                                                                             3,749,949           3,414,612



      (i)   Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                                           31 December 2018
            Corporate loans and advances                                                                          1,745,925
            Retail loans and advances                                                                             2,009,339
            Gross loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                                               3,755,264
            Less: loss allowances
                – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                           (105,978)
                – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                                       (38,517)
                – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                                           (47,277)
            Subtotal                                                                                               (191,772)
            Net loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                                                 3,563,492

                                                                                                           31 December 2017
            Corporate loans and advances                                                                          1,663,861
            Discounted bills                                                                                        115,888
            Subtotal                                                                                              1,779,749
            Retail loans and advances
              Residential mortgage                                                                                  833,410
              Credit cards                                                                                          491,383
              Micro-finance loans                                                                                   312,716
              Others                                                                                                147,786
            Subtotal                                                                                              1,785,295
            Gross loans and advances to customers                                                                 3,565,044
            Less: Impairment allowances
                – Individually assessed                                                                             (33,931)
                – Collectively assessed                                                                            (116,501)
            Subtotal                                                                                               (150,432)
            Net loans and advances to customers                                                                   3,414,612
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                  193
Annual Report 2018



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(a)    Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(ii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                                 31 December 2018
       Corporate loans and advances                                                                          27,601
       Discount bills                                                                                       149,766
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                                            177,367
       Loss allowances
            – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                           (187)
            – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                                       (41)
            – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                                             –
       Subtotal                                                                                                (228)

       No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
       customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.



(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers
(i)    Analysed by industry sector and category:
       Operation in the Mainland China
                                                                                          2018                 2017
       Property development                                                            262,323              188,822
       Manufacturing                                                                   255,683              251,979
       Transportation, storage and postal services                                     248,815              204,322
       Wholesale and retail                                                            157,984              205,884
       Production and supply of electric power,
          heating power, gas and water                                                 138,773              121,900
       Leasing and commercial services                                                 124,094              123,768
       Construction                                                                     84,475               74,804
       Financial concerns                                                               61,963               46,276
       Telecommunications, software and IT services                                     60,703               67,964
       Water, environment and public utilities management                               55,890               61,920
       Mining                                                                           35,349               39,136
       Others                                                                           59,021               56,721
       Corporate loans and advances subtotal                                         1,545,073            1,443,496
       Discounted bills                                                                149,766              115,888
       Residential mortgage                                                            921,500              825,797
       Credit cards                                                                    575,299              491,179
       Micro-finance loans                                                             349,009              310,969
       Others                                                                          141,835              136,410
       Retail loans and advances subtotal                                            1,987,643            1,764,355
       Gross loans and advances to customers                                         3,682,482            3,323,739
194   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)   Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (i)   Analysed by industry sector and category: (continued)
            Operation outside Mainland China
                                                                                                                               2018                        2017
            Property development                                                                                            54,167                      63,209
            Financial concerns                                                                                              52,174                      47,198
            Transportation, storage and postal services                                                                     38,212                      25,613
            Manufacturing                                                                                                   26,860                      14,221
            Wholesale and retail                                                                                            12,505                      13,934
            Telecommunications, software and IT services                                                                     9,309                      11,371
            Production and supply of electric power,
               heating power, gas and water                                                                                  7,889                       7,065
            Construction                                                                                                     5,635                       1,937
            Mining                                                                                                           2,196                       4,211
            Leasing and commercial services                                                                                  2,001                      13,444
            Water, environment and public utilities management                                                                  26                         419
            Others                                                                                                          17,882                      17,743
            Corporate loans and advances subtotal                                                                          228,856                     220,365
            Residential mortgage                                                                                             7,260                       7,613
            Credit cards                                                                                                       191                         204
            Micro-finance loans                                                                                              1,525                       1,747
            Others                                                                                                          12,720                      11,376
            Retail loans and advances subtotal                                                                              21,696                      20,940
            Gross loans and advances to customers                                                                          250,552                     241,305

            Notes:   In 2018, the Group divided industry sector and category according to the newly revised “Industrial Classification for National Economic
                     Activities” (GB/T 4754-2017) standards issued by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the People’s
                     Republic of China and the Standardization Administration of the People’s Republic of China and has restated the corresponding comparative
                     figures.

                     As at 31 December 2018, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the People’s Republic of China
                     (31 December 2017: over 90%).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                       195
Annual Report 2018



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(ii)   Analyzed by ECL
                                                                                       2018
                                                                               –Stage 2
                                                                              (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                             –Stage 1          ECL- not        (Lifetime
                                                           (12-month             credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                 ECL)        impaired)        impaired)          Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost        3,610,711            90,942           53,611     3,755,264
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
               customers at amortised cost                   (105,978)          (38,517)         (47,277)     (191,772)
       Net loans and advances to customers
         at amortised cost                                  3,504,733            52,425            6,334     3,563,492
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI              175,078             2,289                –       177,367
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to
         customers at FVTOCI                                      (187)              (41)               –         (228)



                                                                                       2017
                                                                            Impairment allowances for
                                                                           impaired loans and advances
                                                           Impairment
                                                            allowances
                                                         for loans and
                                                              advances
                                                             which are        Which are        Which are
                                                            collectively     collectively     individually
                                                               assessed        assessed          assessed         Total
       Loans and advances                                   3,507,658            15,866           41,520     3,565,044
       Less: allowance                                       (102,717)          (13,784)         (33,931)     (150,432)
       Net loans and advances                               3,404,941             2,082            7,589     3,414,612
196   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (c)   Movements of allowance for impairment losses
      (i)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                            2018
                                                                                    –Stage 2
                                                                                   (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                  –Stage 1          ECL- not        (Lifetime
                                                                (12-month             credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                      ECL)        impaired)        impaired)        Total
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                  68,107           33,815           49,418     151,340
            Transfer to
              – Stage 1                                               1,545           (1,462)             (83)          –
              – Stage 2                                              (1,624)           1,951             (327)          –
              – Stage 3                                                (845)          (6,341)           7,186           –
            Impairment losses for the year
            Charge for the year (Note 14)                            78,220           28,151           29,779     136,150
            Release for the year (Note 14)                          (39,577)         (17,646)         (19,723)    (76,946)
            Write-offs                                                    –                –          (26,197)    (26,197)
            Unwinding of discount on allowance                            –                –             (307)       (307)
            Recovery of loans and advances written off                    –                –            7,453       7,453
            Exchange difference                                         152               49               78         279
            Balance as at the end of the year                      105,978            38,517           47,277     191,772



                                                                                            2017
                                                                                 Impairment allowances for
                                                                                impaired loans and advances
                                                                Impairment
                                                                 allowances
                                                              for loans and
                                                                   advances
                                                                  which are        Which are        Which are
                                                                 collectively     collectively     individually
                                                                    assessed        assessed          assessed       Total
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                  70,694           10,108           29,230     110,032
            Impairment losses for the year
            Charge for the year (Note 14)                            33,240            9,955           21,255      64,450
            Release for the year (Note 14)                           (1,005)              (1)          (3,392)     (4,398)
            Write-offs                                                    –           (8,601)         (15,682)    (24,283)
            Transfer                                                      –                –               22          22
            Unwinding of discount                                         –               (1)            (560)       (561)
            Recoveries of loans and advances previously
              written off                                                 –            2,324            3,195       5,519
            Exchange difference                                        (212)               –             (137)       (349)
            Balance as at the end of the year                      102,717            13,784           33,931     150,432
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                         197
Annual Report 2018



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(c)    Movements of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
(ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for impairment losses measured at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                                    2018
       Balance as at the end of last year                                                                              –
       Adjustments under IFRS 9                                                                                      180
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                       180
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                                                                  48
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                                             228



(d)    Finance leases receivable
       The table below provides an analysis of finance lease receivable for leases of equipment in which the Group is the
       lessor:
                                                        2018                                      2017
                                                                       Present                                    Present
                                             Total                    value of          Total                    value of
                                         minimum       Unearned      minimum       minimum       Unearned       minimum
                                            leases       finance        leases        leases       finance         leases
                                        receivable       income     receivable    receivable       income      receivable
       Within 1 year (inclusive)            37,900        (4,076)      33,824        37,172         (5,093)       32,079
       Over 1 year but within 5 years
         (inclusive)                        84,166       (11,777)      72,389        76,868        (11,092)       65,776
       Over 5 years                         35,053        (6,603)      28,450        32,215         (4,787)       27,428
       Subtotal                            157,119       (22,456)     134,663       146,255        (20,972)     125,283
       Less: Impairment allowances
         – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                  –           –       (2,411)          N/A            N/A           N/A
         – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-
              not credit-impaired)                 –           –         (492)          N/A            N/A           N/A
         – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL
              -credit impaired)                    –          –          (847)          N/A            N/A           N/A
           – Individually assessed               N/A        N/A           N/A             –              –          (426)
           – Collectively assessed               N/A        N/A           N/A             –              –        (2,674)
       Net investment in finance
         leases receivable                         –           –      130,913              –             –      122,183




23. Interest receivable
                                                                                                                    2017
       Debt securities                                                                                            15,089
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                            10,240
       Others                                                                                                      3,397
       Total                                                                                                      28,726

       As at 31 December 2018, the interests accrued on financial instruments of the Group are included in the carrying
       amounts of the corresponding financial assets.
198   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      24. Investments
                                                                                Notes       2018        2017
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               24(a)    330,302      64,796
            Derivative financial assets                                         61(f)     34,220      18,916
            Debt investments at amortised cost                                  24(b)    916,012         N/A
            Debt investments at FVTOCI                                          24(c)    421,070         N/A
            Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                             24(d)      4,015         N/A
            Available-for-sale financial assets                                 24(e)        N/A     383,101
            Held-to-maturity investments                                        24(f)        N/A     558,218
            Debt securities classified as receivables                           24(g)        N/A     572,241
            Total                                                                       1,705,619   1,597,272



      (a)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                Notes       2018        2017
            Investments measured at FVTPL                                        (i)     314,459      55,415
            Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss     (ii)     13,184       9,381
            Subtotal                                                                     327,643      64,796
            Interest receivable                                                            2,659         N/A
            Total                                                                        330,302      64,796



      (i)   Investments measured at FVTPL
            Financial assets held for trading
                                                                                            2018        2017
            Bonds
            Government bonds                                                              20,917      12,286
            Bonds issued by policy banks                                                   9,091       1,317
            Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions             17,362      36,085
            Other debt securities                                                         47,605       5,083
            Equity investments                                                               111          32
            Investments in funds                                                           2,089         401
            Long position in precious metal contracts                                        111         211
            Others                                                                         1,217           –
            Total                                                                         98,503      55,415
            Bonds
            Listed inside mainland China                                                  85,379      35,837
            Listed outside mainland China                                                  8,514       9,848
            Unlisted                                                                       1,082       9,086
            Investments in equity, funds, precious metal contracts and others
            Listed inside mainland China                                                      84           2
            Listed outside mainland China                                                    121         271
            Unlisted                                                                       3,323         371
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                     199
Annual Report 2018



24. Investments (continued)
(a)    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
       Other investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                                                   2018
       Bonds
       Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                                        22,352
       Other debt securities                                                                                     2,338
       Non-standard assets -Bills                                                                              173,988
       Equity investments                                                                                        1,450
       Investments in funds                                                                                     14,765
       Wealth management products                                                                                1,060
       Others                                                                                                        3
       Total                                                                                                   215,956
       Bonds
       Listed inside Mainland China                                                                              24,303
       Unlisted                                                                                                     387
       Non-standard assets -Bills
       Unlisted                                                                                                173,988
       Investments in equity, funds, wealth management products and others
       Unlisted                                                                                                  17,278



(ii)   Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                             2018                  2017
       Government bonds                                                                          –                  520
       Bonds issued by policy banks                                                          2,310                2,571
       Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                     7,190                1,576
       Other debt securities                                                                 3,684                4,714
       Total                                                                               13,184                 9,381
       Classification
       Listed inside mainland China                                                            160                  520
       Listed outside mainland China                                                         5,372                4,762
       Unlisted                                                                              7,652                4,099

       The amounts of changes in the fair value of these investments that are attributable to changes in credit risk are
       considered not significant during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 and as at 31 December 2018 and
       2017.



(b)    Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                                                   2018
       Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                                                              911,348
       Interest receivable                                                                                      12,790
       Subtotal                                                                                                924,138
       Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                                               (8,080)
       Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                                     (46)
       Subtotal                                                                                                  (8,126)
       Total                                                                                                   916,012
200   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      24. Investments (continued)
      (b)    Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (i)    Debt investments at amortised cost by type:
                                                                                                                     2018
             Bonds
             Government bonds                                                                                      400,107
             Bonds issued by policy banks                                                                          219,275
             Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                                      29,602
             Other debt securities                                                                                   8,942
             Non-standard assets
             Bills                                                                                                  43,655
             Loans and advances to customers                                                                       206,229
             Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other commercial banks                                                 3,000
             Others                                                                                                    538
             Subtotal                                                                                              911,348
             Less: loss allowances
                   Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                           (3,582)
                   Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                                        (517)
                   Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                                          (3,981)
             Total                                                                                                 903,268
             Bonds
               Listed inside Mainland China                                                                        651,347
               Listed outside Mainland China                                                                         3,490
               Unlisted                                                                                              3,089
             Fair value for the listed bonds                                                                       666,092
             Non-standard assets
               Unlisted                                                                                            253,422



      (ii)   Analyzed by ECL ：
                                                                                              2018
                                                                                       –Stage 2         –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1      (Lifetime ECL-        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month           not credit-     ECL- credit
                                                                       ECL)           impaired)       impaired)      Total
             Debt investments at amortised cost                     906,347                 960           4,041    911,348
             Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
               at amortised cost                                      (3,582)              (517)         (3,981)    (8,080)
             Net debt investments at amortised cost                 902,765                 443              60    903,268
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                          201
Annual Report 2018



24. Investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(iii)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses
                                                                                          2018
                                                                                   –Stage 2        –Stage 3
                                                                 –Stage 1    (Lifetime ECL-       (Lifetime
                                                               (12-month         not credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                     ECL)         impaired)      impaired)            Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                    4,461                 49          2,555            7,065
        Transfer to:
           – Stage 1                                                   24               (17)            (7)               –
           – Stage 2                                                   (3)                6             (3)               –
           – Stage 3                                                  (42)               (9)            51                –
        Charge for the year
           – Charge for the year (note 14)                            907               507          1,707            3,121
           – Release for the year (note 14)                        (1,797)              (19)          (518)          (2,334)
        Recoveries of debt previously written off                       –                 –            192              192
        Exchange difference                                            32                 –              4               36
        Balance as at the end of the year                          3,582                517          3,981            8,080



(c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                      2018
        Debt investments at FVTOCI(i)                                                                              414,691
        Interest receivable                                                                                          6,379
        Total                                                                                                      421,070
        Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                                         (1,897)
        Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                                        (15)
        Total                                                                                                        (1,912)

        No loss allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at FVTOCI
        as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI by type ：
                                                                                                                      2018
        Government bonds                                                                                           220,078
        Bonds issued by policy banks                                                                                60,365
        Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                                           98,428
        Other debt securities                                                                                       35,820
        Total                                                                                                      414,691
        Classification
        Listed inside Mainland China                                                                               292,347
        Listed outside Mainland China                                                                               50,486
        Unlisted                                                                                                    71,858
202   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      24. Investments (continued)
      (c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
      (ii)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses
                                                                                                                    2018
             Balance as at the end of last year                                                                        –
             Adjustments under IFRS 9                                                                              1,445
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                               1,445
             Charge for the year (note 14)                                                                           389
             Exchange difference                                                                                      63
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                                     1,897



      (d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                    2018
             Repossessed equity instruments                                                                          220
             Others                                                                                                3,795
             Total                                                                                                 4,015
             Listed inside Mainland China                                                                             66
             Listed outside Mainland China                                                                         1,410
             Unlisted                                                                                              2,539

             During the year ended 31 December 2018, the fair value of the equity investment designated at the date of
             derecognition was RMB17 million, the cumulative loss on disposal was RMB4 million which was transferred from
             investment revaluation reserve to retained profits on disposal.



      (e)    Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                                                                    2017
             Government bonds                                                                                    153,426
             Bonds issued by policy banks                                                                         51,715
             Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                                    78,940
             Other debt securities                                                                                49,703
             Subtotal                                                                                            333,784
             Equity investments                                                                                    3,301
             Investments in funds                                                                                 46,547
             Subtotal                                                                                            383,632
             Less: impairment allowances                                                                            (531)
             Total                                                                                               383,101
             Classification
             Bonds
             Listed inside mainland China                                                                        231,466
             Listed outside mainland China                                                                        44,195
             Unlisted                                                                                             58,123
             Investments in equity and funds
             Listed inside mainland China                                                                          1,905
             Listed outside mainland China                                                                         1,057
             Unlisted                                                                                             46,886
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                 203
Annual Report 2018



24. Investments (continued)
(e)   Available-for-sale financial assets (continued)
      Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                            2017
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                                645
      Charge for the year                                                     24
      Releases for the year                                                  (75)
      Write-offs                                                             (35)
      Exchange difference                                                    (28)
      Balance as at the end of the year                                      531



(f)   Held-to-maturity investments
                                                                            2017
      Government bonds                                                    330,120
      Bonds issued by policy banks                                        202,610
      Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    25,072
      Other debt securities                                                   509
      Subtotal                                                            558,311
      Less: impairment allowances                                             (93)
      Total                                                               558,218
      Classification
      Listed inside mainland China                                        554,936
      Listed outside mainland China                                         2,661
      Unlisted                                                                714
      Fair value of listed debt securities                                542,523



      Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                            2017
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                                 90
      Charge for the year(note 14)                                             8
      Exchange difference                                                     (5)
      Balance as at the end of the year                                       93
204   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      24. Investments (continued)
      (g)   Debt securities classified as receivables
                                                                                  2017
            Bonds
            Government bonds                                                        908
            Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     9,428
            Other debt securities                                                 9,817
            Non-standard assets
            Bills                                                               290,215
            Loans and advances to customers                                     261,213
            Wealth management products                                            1,962
            Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other commercial banks               3,000
            Subtotal                                                            576,543
            Less: impairment allowances                                          (4,302)
            Total                                                               572,241
            Classification
            Inside mainland China                                               576,505
            Outside mainland China                                                   38



            Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                                  2017
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                               6,176
            Charge for the year(note 14)                                          1,341
            Release for the year(note 14)                                        (2,227)
            Write-off for the year                                                 (988)
            Balance as at the end of the year                                     4,302
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    205
Annual Report 2018



25. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
      The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of
      the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are subsidiaries as
      defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
                                                                                   % of
                                              Place of      Particulars of the ownership
                                              incorporation issued and paid held by the                              Economic             Legal
      Name of company                         and operation         up capital     Bank Principal activities         nature               representative
                                                                  (in millions)
      CMB International Capital Holdings      Hong Kong             HKD4,129          100% Financial advisory        Limited company      Tian Huiyu
        Corporation Limited (note (i))                                                     services

      CMB Financial Leasing Company           Shanghai              RMB6,000          100% Finance lease             Limited company      Shi Shunhua
        Limited (note (ii))

      CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited              Hong Kong             HKD1,161          100% Banking                   Limited company      Tian Huiyu
        (note (iii))

      China Merchants Fund Management         Shenzhen              RMB1,310           55% Asset management          Limited company      Li Hao
        Co., Ltd. (note (iv))
      Notes:

      (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBICHC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
               International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998] No. 405.
               In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBICHC. The capital of CMBICHC increased to HKD1,000
               million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

               The Board of Directors have considered and passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital Increase and Restructuring of CMBICHC” which
               agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBICHC on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution
               completed on 20 January 2016.

      (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFLC”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the CBIRC through its Yin Jian Fu
               [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB2,000 million in
               CMBFLC. The capital of CMBFLC increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

      (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“WLB”), formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12%
               equity interests in WLB. WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank on 15 January 2009. WLB had withdrawn from listing on the
               HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

      (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.6% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.(“CMFM”), its former associate, from ING
               Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR 63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
               shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.4% to 55.0% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became the
               Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in CMFM,
               and other shareholders of CMFM also make capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to RMB1,310
               million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.
206   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      26. Interest in joint ventures
                                                                                                                                       2018                           2017
                                                                                                                                                                 (Restated)
            Share of net assets                                                                                                       8,622                              5,183
            Share of profits for the year                                                                                             1,272                               995
            Share of other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                                                                  (36)                               44

            Details of the Group’s interest in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                    Percentage           of
                                                                   Place of                               Group’s           of ownership
                                                Form of business   incorporation Particulars of issued   effective ownership        of the
            Name of joint ventures              structure          and operation and paid up capital      interest of the Bank subsidiaries Principal activity
                                                                                       (in thousands)
            CIGNA &CMB Life Insurance Company   Limited company    Shenzhen            RMB2,800,000      50.00%       50.00%              –    Life insurance business
              Limited (note(i))

            Merchants Union Consumer Finance    Limited company    Shenzhen            RMB3,868,964      50.00%       24.15%        25.85% Consumer finance
              Company Limited. (note(ii))
            Notes:

            (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMB Life”), and Life Insurance Company
                      of North America (“INA”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life. CIGNA & CMB Life is the only joint venture directly
                      held by the Bank. The Bank and INA share the joint venture’s profits, risks and losses based on the above proportion of their shareholding. The
                      Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted as an investment in a joint venture.

            (ii)      The Bank’s subsidiary, WLB, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), which is a subsidiary of China Unicom Limited,
                      jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). CBIRC has approved the operation of MUCFC on 3 March
                      2015. WLB and CUNC hold 50.00% equity interests in MUCFC respectively and share the risks, profits and losses based on the above
                      proportion of their shareholding. In December 2017, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB600 million in CUNC, and
                      other shareholders of CUNC injected capital proportionally. The capital of CUNC increased to RMB2,859 million, and the Bank’s shareholding
                      percentage is 15%, WLB’s shareholding percentage is 35%, and the Group’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged. In December
                      2018, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in CUNC, and the other shareholder of CUNC injected capital
                      proportionally. The Bank’s shareholding percentage is 24.15%, WLB’s shareholding percentage is 25.85%, and the Group’s shareholding
                      percentage remains unchanged.
China Merchants Bank                  IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                         207
Annual Report 2018



26. Interest in joint ventures (continued)
      Summarised financial information of the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as below:
      (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life
                                                                                                                            Other          Total                   Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                                    comprehensive comprehensive                and cash          and
                                           Assets        Liabilities            Equity       Revenue Profit or loss       income        income               equivalents amortisation    Income tax
             2018
             CIGNA & CMB Life             45,332           39,549               5,783         16,649             1,045            (25)          1,020               303             28         245
             Group’s effective interest   22,666           19,775               2,891          8,325               509            (13)            496               152             14         123
             2017
             CIGNA & CMB Life             35,942           31,152               4,790         13,935              666              66               732             945             31          75
             Group’s effective interest   17,971           15,576               2,395          6,968              319              33               352             473             16          38



      (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                                            Total               Cash      Depreciation
                                                                                                                                   comprehensive            and cash              and
                                                Assets           Liabilities             Equity        Revenue      Profit or loss       income           equivalents     amortisation   Income tax
             2018
             MUCFC                              74,748                 66,855            7,893           6,956            1,253            1,253               2,273               10          391
             Group’s effective interest         37,374                 33,428            3,946           3,478              626              626               1,137                5          196
             2017
             MUCFC                              46,980                 42,339            4,641           4,163            1,189            1,189                 812                8          383
             Group’s effective interest         23,490                 21,170            2,320           2,082              595              595                 406                4          192

      Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group:
                                                                                                                                                 Other                                 Total
                                                                                                                                         comprehensive                        comprehensive
                                                                                                        Profit or loss                         income                               income
      2018
      Others                                                                                                         1,051                                 (111)                             940
      Group’s effective interest                                                                                       137                                  (23)                             114
      2017
      Others                                                                                                             398                                   53                            451
      Group’s effective interest                                                                                          81                                   11                             92
208   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      27. Interest in associates
                                                                                               2018                2017
            Share of net assets                                                                 249                  18
            Goodwill                                                                              –                   2
            Total                                                                               249                  20
            Share of profits for the year                                                        37                   3

            The following list contains the information of associates, which are unlisted corporate entities and are not
            individually material to the Group:
                                                                                              Other                Total
                                                                                      comprehensive       comprehensive
                                                                    Profit or loss          income              income
            2018
            Others                                                         4,837                  –               4,837
            Group’s effective interest                                        37                  –                  37
            2017
            Others                                                              8                 –                   8
            Group’s effective interest                                          3                 –                   3
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              209
Annual Report 2018



28. Investment properties
                                                                                                   2018                  2017
      Cost:
      At 1 January                                                                                2,855                  2,884
      Transfers in/(out)                                                                            550                    109
      Disposals                                                                                     (12)                     –
      Exchange difference                                                                            95                   (138)
      At 31 December                                                                              3,488                  2,855
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January                                                                                1,243                  1,183
      Depreciation                                                                                  134                    147
      Transfers in/(out)                                                                             17                    (27)
      Disposals                                                                                     (12)                     –
      Exchange difference                                                                            45                    (60)
      At 31 December                                                                              1,427                  1,243
      Net book value:
      At 31 December                                                                              2,061                  1,612
      At 1 January                                                                                1,612                  1,701

      As at 31 December 2018, no impairment was considered necessary for investment properties by the management of
      the Group (2017: nil).
      Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of WLB and the portion of the Bank’s
      properties in Qingdao, Hefei, Huhehaote, Guangzhou and Ningbo that have been leased out under operating leases
      or are available for lease. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties are assessed by the independent
      appraiser A.G.Wilkinson& Associates, and the fair value is determined by the method of capitalization of net rental
      income. There has been no change to the valuation methodology during the year. As at 31 December 2018, the fair
      value of these properties was RMB4,645 million (2017: RMB3,721 million). The Group’s total future minimum lease
      payments under non-cancellable operating leases are receivables as follows:
                                                                                                   2018                  2017
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                     277                   216
      1 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                 251                   140
      Over 5 years                                                                                    2                     2
      Total                                                                                         530                   358

      The fair value hierarchy of Investment properties of the Group are listed as below:
                                                                                                                    Fair Value
                                                                                                                      as at 31
                                                                                                                    December
                                                               Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              2018
      Held in Mainland China                                         –                  –             1,781              1,781
      Held overseas                                                  –                  –             2,864              2,864
      Total                                                          –                  –             4,645              4,645



                                                                                                                    Fair Value
                                                                                                                          as at
                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                               Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             2017
      Held in Mainland China                                         –                  –             1,033              1,033
      Held overseas                                                  –                  –             2,688              2,688
      Total                                                          –                  –             3,721              3,721

      In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
210   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      29. Property and equipment
                                                                                                                       Aircrafts,
                                                                                                                     vessels and          Motor
                                                   Land and     Construction       Computer     Leasehold           professional    vehicles and
                                                   buildings     in progress      equipment improvements             equipment            others        Total
            Cost:
            At 1 January 2018                         24,847            2,482          10,165            6,829            26,420          6,416        77,159
            Additions                                     65              805           2,309              736             8,437            431        12,783
            Reclassification and transfers               982           (1,641)              –              109                 –              –          (550)
            Disposals                                   (151)               –            (252)             (19)           (2,094)          (490)       (3,006)
            Exchange difference                          180                –              54               14             1,141             12         1,401
            At 31 December 2018                       25,923            1,646          12,276            7,669            33,904          6,369        87,787
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January 2018                          8,134                –           7,673            4,305             1,947          5,288        27,347
            Depreciation                               1,220                –           1,344              576             1,459            537         5,136
            Reclassification and transfers               (17)               –               –                –                 –              –           (17)
            Disposals                                    (19)               –            (252)             (18)             (256)          (487)       (1,032)
            Exchange difference                           94                –              24                6                19              4           147
            At 31 December 2018                        9,412                –           8,789            4,869             3,169          5,342        31,581
            Net book value:
            At 31 December 2018                       16,511            1,646           3,487            2,800            30,735          1,027        56,206
            At 1 January 2018                         16,713            2,482           2,492            2,524            24,473          1,128        49,812



                                                                                                                        Aircrafts,
                                                                                                                      vessels and
                                                    Land and     Construction       Computer     Leasehold           professional Motor vehicles
                                                    buildings     in progress      equipment improvements             equipment      and others          Total
            Cost:
            At 1 January 2017                         22,654            3,797           9,167            6,269            19,054          6,410        67,351
            Additions                                    113            1,516           1,465              402             8,399            410        12,305
            Reclassification and transfers             2,402           (2,831)             (4)             197                 –             13          (223)
            Disposals                                    (91)               –            (403)              (7)                –           (411)         (912)
            Exchange difference                         (231)               –             (60)             (32)           (1,033)            (6)       (1,362)
            At 31 December 2017                       24,847            2,482          10,165            6,829            26,420          6,416        77,159
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January 2017                          7,104                –           6,810            3,684               909          4,987        23,494
            Depreciation                               1,158                –           1,280              656             1,118            703         4,915
            Reclassification and transfers                27                –               –              (13)                –              –            14
            Disposals                                    (49)               –            (392)              (6)                –           (400)         (847)
            Exchange difference                         (106)               –             (25)             (16)              (80)            (2)         (229)
            At 31 December 2017                        8,134                –           7,673            4,305             1,947          5,288        27,347
            Net book value:
            At 31 December 2017                       16,713            2,482           2,492            2,524            24,473          1,128        49,812
            At 1 January 2017                         15,550            3,797           2,357            2,585            18,145          1,423        43,857

            (a)   As at 31 December 2018, the Group considered that there is no impairment loss on property and equipment (2017: nil).

            (b)   As at 31 December 2018, the process of obtaining the registration license for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value of
                  RMB2,066 million (2017: RMB4,080 million) was still in progress.

            (c)   As at 31 December 2018, the Group has no significant unused property and equipment (2017: nil).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                         211
Annual Report 2018



30. Intangible assets
                                                           Land      Software
                                                      use rights    and others    Core deposits    Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2018                                   4,634          4,923           1,095    10,652
      Additions                                           3,224          1,398               –     4,622
      Transfers                                          (1,785)             –               –    (1,785)
      Disposals                                              (4)            (4)              –        (8)
      Exchange difference                                     5              5              67        77
      At 31 December 2018                                 6,074          6,322           1,162    13,558
      Amortisation:
      At 1 January 2018                                     426          2,613             358     3,397
      Additions (Note 10)                                   237            706              40       983
      Transfers/disposals                                    (2)            (3)              –        (5)
      Exchange difference                                     1              3              29        33
      At 31 December 2018                                   662          3,319             427     4,408
      Net book value:
      At 31 December 2018                                 5,412          3,003             735     9,150
      At 1 January 2018                                   4,208          2,310             737     7,255



                                                           Land    Software and
                                                      use rights         Others   Core deposits     Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2017                                   1,593          3,886           1,178     6,657
      Additions                                           2,975          1,070               –     4,045
      Transfers/disposals                                    79            (30)              –        49
      Exchange difference                                   (13)            (3)            (83)      (99)
      At 31 December 2017                                 4,634          4,923           1,095    10,652
      Amortisation:
      At 1 January 2017                                     291          2,108             344     2,743
      Additions (Note 10)                                   138            536              40       714
      Transfers/disposals                                    (1)           (29)              –       (30)
      Exchange difference                                    (2)            (2)            (26)      (30)
      At 31 December 2017                                   426          2,613             358     3,397
      Net book value:
      At 31 December 2017                                 4,208          2,310             737     7,255
      At 1 January 2017                                   1,302          1,778             834     3,914
212   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      31. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                    Impairment
                                                                                                                                       loss at 1         Net value at
                                                                                                                                        January            1 January
                                                                                                                 As at 31            2018 & 31            2018 & 31
                                                As at 1            Addition in       Release in the             December              December             December
                                          January 2018               the year                  year                 2018                   2018                 2018
            WLB (note (i))                         10,177                        –                    –             10,177                   (579)                9,598
            CMFM (note (ii))                          355                        –                    –                355                      –                   355
            Zhaoyin Internet
              (note (iii))                                 1                     –                    –                     1                     –                     1
            Total                                  10,533                        –                    –             10,533                   (579)                9,954

            Notes:

            (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of WLB’s identifiable
                     net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million being the excess of
                     acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about WLB are set out in Note 25.

            (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                     net assets was RMB752 million of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million being the excess of acquisition
                     cost 769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in Note 25.

            (iii)    On 1 April 2015, CMBICHC acquired a 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (Shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                     Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million being
                     the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. Zhaoyin Internet’s principal activities
                     include development and sale of computer software and hardware, sale of communication equipment and office automation equipment,
                     advisory service of computer technology and information.




            Impairment test for CGU containing goodwill
            Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU, WLB which was acquired on 30 September 2008 and CMFM which was
            acquired on 28 November 2013 and Zhaoyin Internet which was acquired on 1 April 2015.
            The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash
            flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond
            the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-term
            average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
            In assessing impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the forecast
            long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. A pre-tax discount rate of 12% and 14% (2017:
            9% and 12%) was used. The Group believes any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on
            which recoverable amount are based would not cause the carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                    213
Annual Report 2018



32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                              2018                  2017
      Deferred tax assets                                                                   58,374                50,120
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                              (1,211)               (1,070)
      Net amount                                                                            57,163                49,050



(a)   Analysed by nature of deferred tax assets and liabilities
      The components of deferred tax assets/liabilities are as follows:
                                                                     2018                             2017
                                                           Deductible/                      Deductible/
                                                              (taxable)                        (taxable)
                                                            temporary                        temporary
                                                            difference      Deferred tax     difference      Deferred tax
      Deferred tax assets
      Impairment allowances on loans and
        advances to customers at amortised cost
        and other assets                                      206,932            51,684        166,590            41,616
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                               (5,899)           (1,475)           N/A               N/A
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                 7,758             1,940          7,428             1,857
      Available-for-sale financial assets                         N/A               N/A          5,381             1,344
      Salary and welfare payable                               18,582             4,646         15,535             3,884
      Others                                                    6,980             1,579          6,413             1,419
      Total                                                   234,353            58,374        201,347            50,120
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Impairment allowances on loans and
        advances to customers at amortised cost
        and other assets                                           207                34            189               31
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                   244                38            N/A              N/A
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                   (116)              (29)             –                –
      Available-for-sale financial assets                          N/A               N/A           (124)             (36)
      Others                                                    (8,524)           (1,254)        (6,932)          (1,065)
      Total                                                     (8,189)           (1,211)        (6,867)          (1,070)
214   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities (continued)
      (b)   Movements of deferred tax are as follows:
                                                Impairment
                                                 allowances
                                               on loans and
                                                advances at
                                                  amortised
                                                     cost to                                            Available-
                                                  customers           Financial         Financial         for-sale       Salary and
                                                  and other        instruments       instruments         financial          welfare
                                                      assets         at FVTOCI          at FVTPL            assets          payable            Others              Total
            At 31 December 2017                       41,647                   –              1,857          1,308             3,884               354           49,050
            Adjustments under IFRS 9                   2,247                 921                351         (1,308)              N/A                 –            2,211
            At 1 January 2018                         43,894                 921              2,208              –             3,884               354           51,261
            Recognised in profit or loss               7,819                  (6)              (297)           N/A               762                21            8,299
            Recognised in other
               comprehensive Income                          –             (2,352)                –              N/A                 –             (19)          (2,371)
            Exchange difference                              5                  –                 –              N/A                 –             (31)             (26)
            At 31 December 2018                       51,718               (1,437)            1,911              N/A           4,646               325           57,163



                                                         Impairment
                                                          allowances
                                                       on loans and
                                                        advances to               Financial      Available-for-
                                                      customers and         instruments at       sale financial      Salary and
                                                        other assets                 FVTPL               assets welfare payable               Others               Total
            At 1 January 2017                                    28,134                 85               (443)             2,625                (288)            30,113
            Recognised in profit or loss                         13,518              1,764                  –              1,260                 543             17,085
            Recognised in other comprehensive
               Income                                                 –                  –              1,751                   –                 44              1,795
            Exchange difference                                      (5)                 8                  –                  (1)                55                 57
            At 31 December 2017                                  41,647              1,857              1,308              3,884                 354             49,050

            Note:    No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
                     is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the
                     foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                      215
Annual Report 2018



33. Other assets
                                                                                                                       2018           2017
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)
      Amounts pending for settlement                                                                                  9,344          7,818
      Interest receivable                                                                                             2,888            N/A
      Prepaid lease payments                                                                                          1,117          1,109
      Repossessed assets (note (a))                                                                                     597            868
      Guarantee deposits                                                                                                794            607
      Recoverable from reinsurers                                                                                       209            207
      Prepayment for lease improvement and other miscellaneous items                                                  2,416          3,054
      Premium receivables                                                                                               112             88
      Post-employment benefits
         – Defined benefit plan (Note 40(b))                                                                             31            109
      Others                                                                                                         15,060          9,388
      Total                                                                                                          32,568        23,248



(a)   Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                       2018          2017
      Residential properties                                                                                             767         1,026
      Others                                                                                                              18           488
      Total                                                                                                              785         1,514
      Less: impairment allowances                                                                                       (188)         (646)
      Net repossessed assets                                                                                             597           868

      Note:

      (i)     In 2018, the Group has disposed of repossessed assets with a total cost of RMB143 million (2017: RMB73 million).

      (ii)    The Group plans to dispose of the repossessed assets by auction, bid or transfer.
216   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2018      2017
            Principal(a)                                     469,008   439,118
            Interest payable                                   1,818       N/A
            Total                                            470,826   439,118



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2018      2017
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                       108,732    72,324
               – Other financial institutions                350,347   359,598
            Subtotal                                         459,079   431,922
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                           9,897     7,185
             – Other financial institutions                       32        11
            Subtotal                                           9,929     7,196
            Total                                            469,008   439,118




      35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2018      2017
            Principal (a)                                    202,974   272,734
            Interest payable                                     976       N/A
            Total                                            203,950   272,734



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2018      2017
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                        81,876   122,305
               – Other financial institutions                 48,311    88,862
            Subtotal                                         130,187   211,167
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                          72,769    61,565
             – Other financial institutions                       18         2
            Subtotal                                          72,787    61,567
            Total                                            202,974   272,734
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                 217
Annual Report 2018



36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2018                   2017
      Financial liabilities held for trading(a)                                                    18,962                 11,389
      Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss(b)                     25,138                 15,230
      Interest payable                                                                                 44                    N/A
      Total                                                                                        44,144                 26,619



(a)   Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                     2018                   2017
      Precious metal relevant financial liabilities                                                17,872                 11,325
      Short selling securities                                                                      1,090                     64
      Total                                                                                        18,962                 11,389



(b)   Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2018                   2017
      In Mainland China
         – Precious metal contracts with other banks                                                9,663                  7,688
         – Others                                                                                   2,879                    118
      Outside Mainland China
         – Certificates of deposit issued                                                           2,619                  3,185
         – Debt securities issued                                                                   9,977                  4,239
      Total                                                                                        25,138                 15,230

      As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
      designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable at maturity is not significant. The amounts
      of changes in the fair value that are attributable to changes in credit risk of these liabilities are not significant during
      the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 and as at 31 December 2018 and 2017.
218   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                     2018      2017
            Principal (a) (b)                                                       78,029   125,620
            Interest payable                                                           112       N/A
            Total                                                                   78,141   125,620



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                     2018      2017
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                                              69,089   114,955
               – Other financial institutions                                        1,171     5,468
            Subtotal                                                                70,260   120,423
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                                                 7,769     5,162
             – Other financial institutions                                              –        35
            Subtotal                                                                 7,769     5,197
            Total                                                                   78,029   125,620



      (b)   Analysed by assets type
                                                                                     2018      2017
            Debt securities
              – PRC government bonds                                                41,391    31,900
              – Bonds issued by policy banks                                        21,399    48,273
              – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    5,469     4,470
              – Other debt securities                                                1,917       928
            Subtotal                                                                70,176    85,571
            Discounted bills                                                         7,853    40,049
            Total                                                                   78,029   125,620
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                      219
Annual Report 2018



38. Deposits from customers
                                                                                            2018                 2017
      Principal (a)                                                                    4,400,674            4,064,345
      Interest payable                                                                    26,892                  N/A
      Total                                                                            4,427,566            4,064,345



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                            2018                 2017
      Corporate customers
        – Demand deposits                                                              1,815,427            1,581,802
        – Time deposits                                                                1,022,294            1,144,021
      Subtotal                                                                         2,837,721            2,725,823
      Retail customers
        – Demand deposits                                                              1,059,923              972,291
        – Time deposits                                                                  503,030              366,231
      Subtotal                                                                         1,562,953            1,338,522
      Total                                                                            4,400,674            4,064,345



(b)   Customer deposits including deposits for guarantees are as follows:
                                                                                            2018                 2017
      Guarantee for acceptance bills                                                      64,919               78,123
      Guarantee for loans                                                                 20,908               27,931
      Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                                             12,974               19,035
      Deposit for letters of guarantee                                                    46,107               44,429
      Others                                                                              19,054               20,417
      Total                                                                              163,962              189,935




39. Interest payable
                                                                                                                 2017
      Issued debt securities                                                                                    1,820
      Customer deposits and others                                                                             34,681
      Total                                                                                                    36,501

      As at 31 December 2018, the interests accrued on financial instruments of the Group are included in the carrying
      amounts of the corresponding financial liabilities.
220   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      40. Staff welfare scheme
      (a)   Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                  2018
                                                                                           Payment/
                                                           Beginning        Charge         Transfers     Ending
                                                             balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                   7,756        39,473          (38,932)      8,297
            Post-employment benefits – defined
            contribution plans (ii)                             228           3,543           (3,642)      129
            Other long-term employee benefits(iii)               36              30              (17)       49
            Total                                              8,020        43,046          (42,591)      8,475

                                                                                  2017
                                                                                            Payment/
                                                           Beginning         Charge         Transfers    Ending
                                                             balance    for the year      in the year   balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                   6,319        32,691          (31,254)      7,756
            Post-employment benefits – defined
            contribution plans (ii)                             684           2,791           (3,247)      228
            Other long-term employee benefits(iii)               45              46              (55)       36
            Total                                              7,048        35,528          (34,556)      8,020



      (i)   Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                  2018
                                                                                           Payment/
                                                           Beginning        Charge         transfers     Ending
                                                             balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Salary and bonus                                   5,858        30,126          (29,872)      6,112
            Welfare expense                                       62         3,534           (3,523)         73
            Social insurance
              – Medical insurance                                42           2,108           (2,112)       38
              – Injury insurance                                  3              29              (28)        4
              – Maternity insurance                               4              81              (80)        5
            Housing reserve                                     171           2,309           (2,282)      198
            Labour union and employee
              education expenses                               1,616          1,286           (1,035)     1,867
            Total                                              7,756        39,473          (38,932)      8,297
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                            221
Annual Report 2018



40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(i)    Short-term employee benefits (continued)
                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                 Payment/
                                                           Beginning            Charge           transfers           Ending
                                                             balance       for the year        in the year          balance
       Salary and bonus                                        4,554            24,295           (22,991)             5,858
       Welfare expense                                            62             3,337            (3,337)                62
       Social insurance
         – Medical insurance                                       3             1,791             (1,752)               42
         – Injury insurance                                        2                23                (22)                3
         – Maternity insurance                                     5                67                (68)                4
       Housing reserve                                           147             2,085             (2,061)              171
       Labour union and employee
         education expenses                                    1,546             1,093             (1,023)            1,616
       Total                                                   6,319            32,691           (31,254)             7,756



(ii)   Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                      2018
                                                                                               Payment/
                                                          Beginning            Charge          Transfers            Ending
                                                            balance       for the year       in the year           balance
       Basic retirement security                                  61             2,134             (2,130)               65
       Supplementary pension                                     149             1,356             (1,462)               43
       Unemployment insurance                                     18                53                (50)               21
       Total                                                     228             3,543             (3,642)              129

                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                 Payment/
                                                           Beginning            Charge           Transfers           Ending
                                                             balance       for the year        in the year          balance
       Basic retirement security                                  62             1,884             (1,885)               61
       Supplementary pension                                     610               851             (1,312)              149
       Unemployment insurance                                     12                56                (50)               18
       Total                                                     684             2,791             (3,247)              228



       Defined contribution pension schemes
       In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
       the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
       December 2018, the Group’s contributions to the schemes are determined by local governments and vary at a range
       of 12% to 20% (2017: 12% to 20%) of the staff salaries.
       In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
       plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
       PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
       on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2017: 0% to 8.33%).
       For its employees outside Mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
       funding rates determined in accordance with the local practise and regulations.
222   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                                                                 2018
                                                                                                                             Payment/
                                                                              Beginning                 Charge               Transfers                Ending
                                                                                balance            for the year            in the year               balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                                     36                      30                   (17)                   49

                                                                                                                 2017
                                                                                                                              Payment/
                                                                              Beginning                     Charge            Transfers                Ending
                                                                                balance                for the year         in the year               balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                                     45                      46                    (55)                  36

              As at 31 December 2018, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share Appreciation Rights Scheme to its senior
              management (“the Scheme”). The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 2 years or 3 years from the
              grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years or 8 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
              linked to one H-share.
      (1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the scheme are listed below:
                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                unexercised share                                            Contract period of
                                                                               appreciation rights                                           share appreciation
                                                                               at the end of 2018                        Exercise conditions              rights
                                                                                       (in millions)
              Share appreciation rights granted on 4 May 2012 (Phase V)                      0.096              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 May 2013 (Phase VI)                    0.192              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 7 Jul 2014 (Phase VII)                    1.020              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 Jul 2015 (Phase VIII)                  1.560              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                    1.410              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                     1.580              3 years after the grant date           10 years
      (2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                          2018                                          2017
                                                                                                       Number
                                                                            Weighted                  of share       Weighted Number of share
                                                                              average             appreciation average exercise  appreciation
                                                                         exercise price                  rights           price         rights
                                                                                 (HKD)             (in million)          (HKD)    (in million)
              Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                          19.32                      7.24                15.81                 11.44
              Granted during the year                                                  –                         –                28.60                  1.80
              Exercised during the year                                            12.34                     (0.08)               13.43                 (3.30)
              Forfeited during the year                                            16.06                     (1.30)               14.26                 (2.70)
              Outstanding at the end of the year                                   19.00                      5.86                19.32                   7.24
              Exercisable at the end of the year                                   14.13                      0.96                12.05                   0.53

              The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2018 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD19.00
              (2017: HKD19.32) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 7.10 years (2017: 7.81 years).
              Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
              into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                             223
Annual Report 2018



40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
(3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
        The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
        fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
        is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual lives of the rights are used as an input of the model.
                                                                                       2018
                                                    Phase V       Phase VI    Phase VII       Phase VIII   Phase IX     Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)        16.06        15.04         14.51           10.19      10.70         7.20
        Share price (in HKD)                           29.15        29.15         29.15           29.15      29.15        29.15
        Exercise price (in HKD)                        10.70        11.26         11.33           18.48      17.05        27.59
        Expected volatility                          32.46%       32.46%        32.46%          32.46%     32.46%       32.46%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)           3.33         4.42          5.50            6.58       7.67         8.67
        Expected dividends rate                       3.39%        3.39%         3.39%           3.39%      3.39%        3.39%
        Risk-free interest rate                       1.43%        1.43%         1.43%           1.43%      1.43%        1.43%

                                                                                       2017
                                                     Phase V      Phase VI     Phase VII      Phase VIII   Phase IX     Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)        12.19        11.14         10.51            6.71       6.98         4.06
        Share price (in HKD)                           30.55        30.55         30.55           30.55      30.55        30.55
        Exercise price (in HKD)                        11.71        12.28         12.34           19.49      18.06        28.60
        Expected volatility                          25.68%       25.68%        25.68%          25.68%     25.68%       25.68%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)           4.33         5.42          6.50            7.58       8.67         9.67
        Expected dividends rate                       4.29%        4.29%         4.29%           4.29%      4.29%        4.29%
        Risk-free interest rate                       1.43%        1.43%         1.43%           1.43%      1.43%        1.43%

        The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
        life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
        available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input
        assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
        Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
        the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
        share appreciation rights granted.
224   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted to members of senior management:
                                                                                                 2018
                                           Phase V   Phase VI   Phase VII Phase VIII  Phase IX    Phase X      Total Exercised
                                                (in       (in         (in       (in        (in         (in       (in        (in
                                        thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands)
              Li Hao                              50            100           180            240            270            300          1,140            991
              Tang Zhi Hong                       46             92           158            210            210            240            956            947
              Tian Hui Yu                          –              –           225            300            300            330          1,155             75
              Liu Jian Jun                         –              –           158            210            210            240            818             52
              Wang Liang                           –              –           150            210            210            240            810              –
              Xu Shi Qing                          –              –           150            180              –              –            330              –
              Xiong Liang Jun                      –              –             –            210            210            240            660              –
              Total                               96            192         1,021          1,560          1,410          1,590          5,869          2,065

                                                                                                 2017
                                            Phase V       Phase VI       Phase VII     Phase VIII      Phase IX        Phase X          Total   Exercised
                                                 (in           (in             (in           (in            (in             (in           (in          (in
                                         thousands)     thousands)     thousands)     thousands)     thousands)     thousands)    thousands) thousands)
              Ma Wei Hua                         307            307             –              –              –              –           614           1,269
              Li Hao                              50            100           180            240            270            300         1,140             991
              Tang Zhi Hong                       46             92           158            210            210            240           956            947
              Tian Hui Yu                          –              –           300            300            300            330         1,230               –
              Liu Jian Jun                         –              –           158            210            210            240           818              52
              Wang Liang                           –              –           150            210            210            240           810               –
              Lian Bo Lin                          –              –           113            180            180            210           683              37
              Xu Shi Qing                          –              –           150            180              –              –           330               –
              Xiong Liang Jun                      –              –             –            210            210            240           660               –
              Total                              403            499         1,209          1,740          1,590          1,800          7,241          3,296

              Note:   In 2018, senior management had exercised 0.75 million shares of appreciation rights and the weighted average exercise price is HKD11.33.
                      (2017: HKD13.43).




      (b)     Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
              The Group’s subsidiary WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “Plan”) for the staff, which includes a defined
              benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension section. The contributions of the Plan are determined based on
              periodic valuations by qualified actuaries of the assets and liabilities of the Plan. The Plan provides benefits based on
              members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by WLB.
              The latest actuarial valuation of the Plan was performed in accordance with IAS 19 issued by the IASB as at 12
              February 2019 by Willis Towers Watson Limited, a professional actuarial firm. The present values of the defined
              benefit obligation and current service cost of the Plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
              the valuation date, the Plan had a funding level of 110% (2017: 138%).
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                          225
Annual Report 2018



40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
      The amounts recognised in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 are analysed as follows:
                                                                                               2018                   2017
      Fair value of the Plan assets                                                             357                    394
      Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (326)                  (285)
      Net asset recognised in the statement of financial position                                31                    109

      A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
      to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
      also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
      contribution to the Plan is expected to be paid in 2018.
      There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                               2018                   2017
      Current service cost                                                                      (10)                   (11)
      Net interest income                                                                         2                      1
      Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                              (8)                   (10)

      The actual loss on the Plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2018 was RMB39 million (2017: actual profit
      RMB78 million).
      The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2018                   2017
      Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  285                    320
      Current service cost                                                                       10                     11
      Interest cost                                                                               5                      5
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (18)                   (28)
      Actuarial profit or losses due to liability experience                                     10                      3
      Actuarial profit or losses due to financial assumption changes                             11                     (3)
      Actuarial gain or losses due to demographic assumption changes                              7                      –
      Exchange difference                                                                        16                    (23)
      Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          326                    285

      The movements in the fair value of the Plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2018                   2017
      Fair value of the Plan assets at 1 January                                                394                    373
      Interest income                                                                             7                      6
      Expected return on the Plan assets other than interest profit or losses                   (46)                    72
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (18)                   (28)
      Exchange difference                                                                        20                    (29)
      Fair value of the Plan assets at 31 December                                              357                    394
226   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      40. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
            The major categories of the Plan assets are as follows:

                                                                           2018                              2017

                                                                  Amount                     %      Amount                 %

            Equities                                                     216               60.6         267              67.8
            Bonds                                                         63               17.6             64           16.2
            Cash                                                          78               21.8             63           16.0

            Total                                                        357           100.0            394             100.0

            Deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the Plan assets was RMB56 million(2017: Nil).
            The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                   2018                  2017
                                                                                                     %                     %
            Discount rate
              – Defined benefit scheme                                                               1.9                  1.7
              – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                       1.8                  1.3
            Long-term average rate of salary increase for the Plan                                   5.0                  4.3
            Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                 –                    –

            As at 31 December 2017 and 2018, there is no significant change of the amount in the liabilities of the retirement
            benefit plan due to the above mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      41. Tax payable
                                                                                                   2018                  2017
            Corporate income tax                                                                  16,229               21,841
            Value added tax                                                                        3,137                3,831
            Others                                                                                 1,045                1,029
            Total                                                                                 20,411               26,701
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                 227
Annual Report 2018



42. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                            2018
      Credit card points                                                                                    4,799
      Others deferred fee and commission income                                                               808
      Total                                                                                                 5,607




43. Provision
                                                                                               2018         2017
      Expected credit loss provision                                                          4,565          N/A
      Other estimated liabilities                                                             1,100          450
      Total                                                                                   5,665          450

      Expected credit loss provision as for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts follows:
                                                                                     2018
                                                                             –Stage 2          –Stage 3
                                                                       (Lifetime ECL-         (Lifetime
                                                           –Stage 1        not credit-       ECL-credit
                                                     (12-month ECL)         impaired)        impaired)      Total
      Expected credit loss provision                          2,934             1,221               410     4,565




44. Debt securities issued
                                                                        Notes                  2018         2017
      Subordinated notes issued                                          (a)                 45,714        33,977
      Long-term debt securities issued                                   (b)                104,483        63,376
      Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit                                          245,406       178,189
      Certificates of deposit issued                                                         26,724        20,935
      Interest payable                                                                        2,599           N/A
      Total                                                                                 424,926       296,477
228   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      44. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (a)   Subordinated notes issued
            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated notes issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                          Discount or
                                        Term to                                                                            Beginning     Issue during        premium Repayment for     Ending
            Debt type                   maturity      Date of issuance   Annual interest rate            Nominal value       balance         the year    amortisation     the year    balance
                                                                                                                             (RMB in         (RMB in          (RMB in     (RMB in     (RMB in
                                                                         (%)                                (in million)      million)        million)         million)    million)    million)
            Fixed rate bond             180 months    4 Sep 2008         5.90 (for the first ten            RMB7,000           7,106                –          (106)        (7,000)          –
                                                                            years); 8.90 (from 11
                                                                            year onwards, if the
                                                                            notes are not called by
                                                                            the Bank)
            Fixed rate bond             180 months    28 Dec 2012        5.20                              RMB11,700          11,689               –               4              –   11,693
            Fixed rate bond             120 months    18 Apr 2014        6.40                              RMB11,300          11,289               –             (4)              –   11,285
            Fixed rate bond             120 months    15 Nov 2018        4.65                              RMB20,000               –          19,996             (3)              –   19,993
            Total                                                                                                             30,084          19,996           (109)        (7,000)   42,971

            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated note issued by WLB was as follows:
                                                                                                                                          Discount or
                                        Term to                                                                            Beginning         premium Exchange rate Repayment for       Ending
            Debt type                   maturity      Date of issuance   Annual interest rate            Nominal value       balance     amortisation   fluctuation     the year      balance
                                                                                                                             (RMB in          (RMB in      (RMB in      (RMB in       (RMB in
                                                                         (%)                                (in million)      million)         million)     million)     million)      million)
            Fixed to floating rate notes 120 months   6 Nov 2012         3.50 (for the first 5 years);        USD200           1,293                9            18         (1,320)          –
                                                                            T*+2.80 (from 6 year
                                                                            onwards, if the notes
                                                                            are not called by the
                                                                            Bank)
            Fixed to floating rate notes 120 months   22 Nov 2017        3.75 (for the first 5 years);        USD400           2,600                1           142               –     2,743
                                                                            T*+1.75% (from 6
                                                                            year onwards, if the
                                                                            notes are not called by
                                                                            the Bank)
            Total                                                                                                              3,893               10           160         (1,320)     2,743

            *       T represents the 5 years US Treasury rate.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                       229
Annual Report 2018



44. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued
      As at the end of reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                Discount or
                                       Term to                                                                                          Beginning         Issue during             premium Exchange rate         Ending
      Debt type                        maturity       Date of issuance       Annual interest rate           Nominal value                 balance             the year         amortisation   fluctuation       balance
                                                                                                                                          (RMB in             (RMB in               (RMB in      (RMB in        (RMB in
                                                                             (%)                                (in million)               million)            million)              million)     million)       million)
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months      22 May 2017            4.20                             RMB18,000                    17,979                   –                    5              –        17,984
      Medium term note                 36 months      12 Jun 2017            3M Libor+0.825                     USD800                      5,206                   –                    4            286         5,496
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months      14 Sep 2017            4.30                             RMB12,000                    11,985                   –                    5              –        11,990
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months      17 Aug 2018            3.95                             RMB30,000                         –              29,966                  (2)              –        29,964
      Total                                                                                                                                35,170              29,966                   12            286        65,434

      As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBFLC were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                          Discount or
                                       Term to       Date of                                                            Beginning       Issue during        premium Exchange rate Repayment for                  Ending
      Debt type                        maturity      issuance            Annual interest rate       Nominal value          balance          the year     amortisation      fluctuation      the period          balance
                                                                         (%)                           (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
      Fixed rate bond (note (i))       60 months     26 Jun 2013         5.08                          RMB1,000                   996                 –                   4                –         (1,000)           –
      Fixed rate bond (note (i))       60 months     24 Jul 2013         4.98                          RMB1,000                   996                 –                   4                –         (1,000)           –
      Fixed rate bond                  60 months     11 Aug 2014         3.25                           USD500                  3,268                 –                   2              161               –       3,431
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     7 Dec 2015          3.75                           RMB200                    200                 –                   –                –           (200)           –
      Fixed rate bond (note (ii))      36 months     11 Mar 2016         3.27                          RMB3,800                 3,795                 –                   3                –               –       3,798
      Leased asset backed securities   74.5 months   5 May 2016          2.98/3.09/R-1.35**            RMB4,110                   253                 –                   –                –           (253)           –
      Fixed rate bond (note (iii))     36 months     29 Nov 2016         2.63                           USD300                  1,956                 –                   4               96               –       2,056
      Fixed rate bond (note (iii))     60 months     29 Nov 2016         3.25                           USD900                  5,862                 –                   7              288               –       6,157
      Leased asset backed securities   31 months     21 Feb 2017         4.3/4.5/4.73                  RMB4,930                 2,186                 –                   3                –         (1,483)         706
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     15 Mar 2017         4.50                          RMB4,000                 3,988                 –                   4                –               –       3,992
      Fixed rate bond (note (iv))      36 months     5 Jul 2017          4.80                          RMB1,500                 1,496                 –                   1                –               –       1,497
      Fixed rate bond (note (v))       36 months     20 Jul 2017         4.89                          RMB2,500                 2,494                 –                   2                –               –       2,496
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     3 Aug 2017          4.60                          RMB2,000                 1,995                 –                   2                –               –       1,997
      Fixed rate bond (note (vi))      36 months     14 Mar 2018         5.24                          RMB4,000                     –             3,987                   2                –               –       3,989
      Fixed rate bond (note (vii))     36 months     9 May 2018          4.80                          RMB4,000                     –             3,988                   1                –               –       3,989
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     16 Jul 2018         4.50                          RMB4,000                     –             3,988                   1                –               –       3,989
      Total                                                                                                                    29,485            11,963                   40             545         (3,936)      38,097

      **            RMB900 million of these securities bears a fixed interest rate of 2.98% per annum. RMB600 million of these securities bears a fixed interest
                    rate of 3.09% per annum and the remaining RMB2,610 million of these securities bears an interest rate based on the benchmark lending rate
                    (R) for one to five years published by PBOC minus a spread of 1.35%. The benchmark interest rate published by PBOC is 4.75% during both
                    the year ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.
230   China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      44. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)   Long-term debt securities (continued)
            Note:

            (i)           The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to 0 as of 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: RMB382 million).

            (ii)          The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to 0 as of 31 December 2018(31 December 2017: RMB200 million).

            (iii)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2018(31 December 2017: USD30 million).

            (iv)          The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB300 million as of 31 December 2018(31 December 2017: RMB300 million).

            (v)           The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB200 million as of 31 December 2018(31 December 2017: RMB200 million).

            (vi)          The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB260 million as of 31 December 2018.

            (vii)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB140 million as of 31 December 2018.

            As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBI were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Discount or
                                        Term to                                                                   Beginning       Issue during        premium Repayment for Exchange rate
            Debt type                   maturity    Date of issuance   Annual interest rate   Nominal value          balance          the year     amortisation         the year      fluctuation Ending balance
                                                                       (%)                       (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
            Fixed rate bond             36 months   9 Jul 2018         3.72                        USD300                  –            2,007                –                 –               53            2,060
            Total                                                                                                                       2,007                –                 –               53            2,060




      45. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                 2018                                    2017
            Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                                                   7,661                                  21,990
            Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                                                     16,000                                  13,000
            Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                              1,832                                   1,711
            Payment and collection account                                                                                                                     2,532                                   1,394
            Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                                      70                                      44
            Others                                                                                                                                            41,223                                  41,757
            Total                                                                                                                                             69,318                                  79,896

            Note:         Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ (excluding senior management of the Bank) annual remunerations of
                          which the payments are delayed for the purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and
                          risk management results, taking into account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp
                          deterioration of risk profiles and profitability, the occurrence legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory
                          authorities, the relevant employees will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                            231
Annual Report 2018



46. Share capital
      By type of share:
                                                                                                                                           2018 and 2017
                                                                                                                                            No. of shares
                                                                                                                                              (in million)
      Listed shares
         – A-Shares                                                                                                                                    20,629
         – H-Shares                                                                                                                                     4,591
      Total                                                                                                                                            25,220

      All H-Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A-Shares. There is no restriction condition on these
      shares.

                                                                                                                                     Capital

                                                                                                                      No. of shares                   Amount
                                                                                                                          (in million)

      At 1 January 2018 and at 31 December 2018                                                                                25,220                  25,220




47. Preference shares
(a)   Preference Shares
                                                                                                 31 December 2018                    31 December 2017
                                                                                                      No.                                 No.
                                                                                                (millions                         (millions of
                                                                                               of shares)   Amount                     shares)   Amount
      Issuance of Offshore Preference Shares in 2017 (note (i))                                         50            6,597                50            6,597
      Issuance of Domestic Preference Shares in 2017 (note (ii))                                       275           27,468               275           27,468
      Total                                                                                            325           34,065               325           34,065

      (i)     Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Offshore Preference Shares
              in the aggregate par value of USD1,000 million on 25 October 2017. Each Offshore Preference Share has a par value of USD20 and 50 million
              Offshore Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.40% and is subsequently subject to reset per agreement, but not
              exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Offshore Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash, which shall be priced and announced in RMB. Save for
              such dividend at the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution
              of the remaining profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative.
              The Bank shall be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event
              that the Bank cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders
              of Ordinary Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of
              full dividend payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will
              not distribute the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.

              The Offshore Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
              satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Offshore Preference Shares
              may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
              Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
              will be redeemed.

      (ii)    Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Domestic Preference
              Shares in the aggregate par value of RMB27,500 million on 18 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a par value of RMB100
              and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.81% and is subsequently subject to reset per
              agreement, but shall not exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash. Save for such dividend at
              the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution of the remaining
              profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative. The Bank shall
              be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event that the Bank
              cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders of Ordinary
              Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of full dividend
              payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will not distribute
              the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.
232   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      47. Preference shares (continued)
      (a)   Preference Shares (continued)
            (ii)    (continued)

                    The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
                    satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Domestic Preference Shares
                    may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
                    Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
                    will be redeemed.

                    The domestic and offshore preference shares have conditions of events triggering mandatory conversion as follows:

                    (1)      Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                             to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders of Preference Shares, part or all
                             of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of the Preference Shares in
                             order to restore the Core Tier- 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In case of partial conversion, the Preference
                             Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

                    (2)      Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders
                             of Preference Shares, all of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of
                             the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event means the earlier of the following events: 1) the China Banking and Insurance
                             Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”) having concluded that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable,
                             and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank
                             would become non-viable.

                    Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the CBIRC for review and determination and shall
                    fulfill the relevant information disclosure obligations of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s laws and regulations such as making
                    provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.




      (b)   Relative Information Attributed to Equity Instrument Holders
                                                                                                              At 31 December                At 31 December
                                                                                                                        2018                          2017
            Equity attributed to shareholders of the bank                                                                 540,118                      480,210
              – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the bank                                                    506,053                      446,145
              – Equity attributed to other equity holders of the bank                                                      34,065                       34,065
            Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                                                    3,487                       3,182
              – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                                               2,329                       2,012
              – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of
                other equity instrument (note 63)                                                                             1,158                       1,170




      48. Capital reserve
            The capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank. The capital reserve can be used to issue shares
            with the shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                                                                                           2018
            At 1 January and 31 December                                                                                                                67,523




      49. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                                                              2018                         2017
            Debt instruments measured at fair value through other
              comprehensive income: investment revaluation reserve                                                            3,688                          N/A
            Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                                                                                      1,857                         N/A
            Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                                                           29                          91
            Equity-accounted investees share of other comprehensive income                                                      (42)                         (6)
            Available-for-sale financial assets: investment revaluation reserve                                                 N/A                      (3,897)
            Total                                                                                                             5,532                      (3,812)
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                           233
Annual Report 2018



50. Hedging reserve
      The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
      instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow in accordance with
      the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).



51. Surplus reserve
      Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
      Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
      audited profit after tax. Surplus reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or capitalised as paid-up capital
      with the approval of shareholders.
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      At 1 January                                                                            46,159               39,708
      Statutory surplus reserve                                                                7,523                6,451
      At 31 December                                                                          53,682               46,159




52. Regulatory general reserve
      Pursuant to relevant MOF notices, the Bank and the Group’s financial services subsidiaries in Mainland China are
      required to set aside a general reserve according to a certain percentage of the ending balance of gross risk-bearing
      assets through profit after tax to cover potential losses against their assets. The Bank and the Group’s financial
      services subsidiaries in Mainland China have complied with the requirements as of 31 December 2018.
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      At 1 January                                                                            70,921               67,838
      Statutory surplus reserve                                                                7,621                3,083
      At 31 December                                                                          78,542               70,921




53. Profit appropriations
(a)   Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      Dividends in 2017, approved and to be declared RMB0.84 per shares                       21,185                     –
      Dividends in 2016, approved and to be declared RMB0.74 per shares                            –               18,663



(b)   Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      Statutory surplus reserve                                                                7,523                 6,451
      Regulatory general reserve                                                               7,621                 3,083
      Dividends
        – cash dividend: RMB0.94 per shares (2017: RMB0.84 per shares)                        23,707               21,185
      Total                                                                                   38,851               30,719

      2018 dividends profit appropriation is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the
      Board of Directors held on 22 March 2019 and will be submitted to the 2018 annual general meeting for approval.



54. Exchange reserve
      The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the consolidated
      financial statements of operations outside Mainland China.
234   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      55. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s reserves
                                                                                    2018        2017
            Assets
            Cash                                                                   14,997      15,724
            Precious metals                                                         6,573       9,243
            Balances with central bank                                            474,380     583,692
            Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   68,501      43,189
            Placements with banks and other financial institutions                299,981     165,511
            Amounts held under resale agreements                                  199,555     252,464
            Loans and advances to customers                                     3,471,874   3,159,655
            Interest receivable                                                       N/A      27,216
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 315,000      57,902
            Derivative financial assets                                            33,582      17,691
            Debt investments at amortised cost                                    915,410         N/A
            Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income     380,971         N/A
            Equity investments designated at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                          3,465         N/A
            Available-for-sale financial assets                                      N/A     341,571
            Held-to-maturity investments                                             N/A     557,942
            Debt securities classified as receivables                                N/A     570,175
            Investments in subsidiaries                                           43,901      43,901
            Interest in joint ventures                                             4,797       3,095
            Investment properties                                                  1,262         621
            Property and equipment                                                23,169      23,145
            Intangible assets                                                      8,157       6,354
            Deferred tax assets                                                   56,866      48,734
            Other assets                                                          25,174      15,550
            Total assets                                                        6,347,615   5,943,375
            Liabilities
            Borrowing from central bank                                           405,314     414,838
            Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  452,305     421,251
            Placements from banks and other financial institutions                116,072     189,825
            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             40,175      26,437
            Derivative financial liabilities                                       35,795      21,194
            Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                               77,064     125,585
            Deposits from customers                                             4,237,430   3,890,024
            Interest payable                                                          N/A      34,398
            Salaries and welfare payable                                            6,697       6,245
            Tax payable                                                            19,512      25,942
            Contract liabilities                                                    5,607         N/A
            Provision                                                               5,638         450
            Debt securities issued                                                375,625     260,560
            Other liabilities                                                      55,918      65,352
            Total liabilities                                                   5,833,152   5,482,101
            Equity
            Share capital                                                         25,220      25,220
            Other equity instruments – Preference Shares                          34,065      34,065
            Capital reserve                                                       76,681      76,681
            Investment revaluation reserve                                         5,540      (4,093)
            Hedging reserve                                                          (27)        (86)
            Surplus reserve                                                       53,682      46,159
            Regulatory general reserve                                            75,818      69,790
            Retained profits                                                     219,622     192,431
            Proposed profit appropriations                                        23,707      21,185
            Exchange reserve                                                         155         (78)
            Total equity                                                         514,463     461,274
            Total equity and liabilities                                        6,347,615   5,943,375
China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                         235
Annual Report 2018



55. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s reserves (continued)
      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity
      is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Bank’s reserves are as
      follows.
                                                               Other               Investment                           Regulatory                     Proposed
                                               Share           equity    Capital   revaluation    Hedging     Surplus      general    Retained            profit    Exchange
                                              capital    instruments     reserve       reserve     reserve    reserve      reserve      profits   appropriations      reserve    Subtotal
      At 31 December 2017                     25,220          34,065     76,681         (4,093)        (86)   46,159        69,790     192,431            21,185          (78)   461,274
      Adjustments of application of
        accounting policy changes                   –               –         –          2,490           –          –            –      (9,124)                –            –      (6,634)
      At 1 January 2018                       25,220          34,065     76,681         (1,603)        (86)   46,159        69,790     183,307            21,185          (78)   454,640
      Changes in equity for the year                –               –         –          7,143         59      7,523         6,028      36,315             2,522         233      59,823
      Net profit for the year                       –               –         –              –           –          –            –      75,232                 –            –     75,232
      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                                –               –         –          7,143         59           –            –           –                 –         233       7,435
      Total comprehensive income
        for the year                                –               –         –          7,143         59           –            –      75,232                 –         233      82,667
      Profit appropriations                         –               –         –              –           –     7,523         6,028     (38,917)            2,522            –     (22,844)
      Appropriations to statutory
        surplus reserve                             –               –         –              –           –     7,523             –      (7,523)                –            –           –
      Appropriations to regulatory
        general reserve                             –               –         –              –           –          –        6,028      (6,028)                –            –           –
      Dividends paid for the year 2017              –               –         –              –           –          –            –           –           (21,185)           –     (21,185)
      Proposed dividends for the year 2018          –               –         –              –           –          –            –     (23,707)           23,707            –           –
      Dividends paid for preference shares          –               –         –              –           –          –            –      (1,659)                –            –      (1,659)
      At 31 December 2018                     25,220          34,065     76,681          5,540         (27)   53,682        75,818     219,622            23,707         155     514,463

                                                                Other               Investment                           Regulatory                     Proposed
                                                Share           equity   Capital    revaluation   Hedging     Surplus       general   Retained             profit   Exchange
                                               capital    instruments    reserve        reserve    reserve    reserve       reserve     profits    appropriations     reserve        Total
      At 1 January 2017                       25,220                –    76,681          1,206         (19)   39,708        67,030     158,317            18,663            –    386,806
      Changes in equity for 2017:                   –         34,065          –         (5,299)        (67)    6,451         2,760      34,114             2,522          (78)    74,468
      Net profit for the year                       –               –         –              –           –          –            –      64,510                 –            –     64,510
      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                                –               –         –         (5,299)        (67)         –            –           –                 –          (78)     (5,444)
      Total comprehensive income
        for the year                                –               –         –         (5,299)        (67)         –            –      64,510                 –          (78)    59,066
      Capital injection from
        preference shareholders                     –         34,065          –              –           –         –             –           –                 –            –      34,065
      Profit appropriations                         –              –          –              –           –     6,451         2,760     (30,396)            2,522            –     (18,663)
      Appropriations to statutory
        surplus reserve                             –               –         –              –           –     6,451             –      (6,451)                –            –           –
      Appropriations to regulatory
        general reserve                             –               –         –              –           –          –        2,760      (2,760)                –            –           –
      Dividends paid for the year 2016              –               –         –              –           –          –            –           –           (18,663)           –     (18,663)
      Proposed dividends for the year 2017          –               –         –              –           –          –            –     (21,185)           21,185            –           –
      At 31 December 2017                     25,220          34,065     76,681         (4,093)        (86)   46,159        69,790     192,431            21,185          (78)   461,274
236   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      56. Notes to consolidated cash flow statements
      (a)   Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (with original maturity
            within 3 months):
                                                                                                                        2018                     2017
            Cash and balances with central bank                                                                     52,302                     84,424
            Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                     84,517                     58,814
            Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                 200,326                     61,872
            Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                   191,923                    249,992
            Debt securities investments                                                                             14,615                      5,323
            Total                                                                                                  543,683                    460,425



      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
            changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
            consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities
                                               Negotiable
                                                interbank Certificates              Debt                                           Other
                                               certificates of deposit         securities      Interest         Dividend        financial
                                                of deposit      issued            issued       payable           payable       liabilities       Total
            At 1 January 2018                     178,189       24,120          101,592            1,820                26                –    305,747
            Cash changes:
            Proceeds from the issue               407,328        32,300           73,029                –               –          2,921       515,578
            Repayment                            (342,201)      (28,389)         (15,590)               –               –           (431)     (386,611)
            Interest/dividend paid                 (6,659)            –                –           (5,154)        (22,912)             –       (34,725)
            Non-cash changes:
            Accrued interest                            –            –                –            5,933                –              –         5,933
            Dividend declared                           –            –                –                –           22,912              –        22,912
            Discount or premium amortisation        8,588           56              (47)               –                –              –         8,597
            Fair value adjustments                      –           10                4                –                –            389           403
            Foreign exchange                          161        1,246            1,186                –                –              –         2,593
            At 31 December 2018                   245,406       29,343          160,174            2,599               26          2,879       440,427

                                                 Negotiable
                                                  interbank     Certificates               Debt
                                                 certificates    of deposit           securities             Interest        Dividend
                                                  of deposit         issued              issued              payable          payable             Total
            At 1 January 2017                      188,248          18,114              81,253                1,413               103         289,131
            Cash changes:
            Proceeds from the issue                559,795          19,086              52,449                     –                 –         631,330
            Repayment                             (569,088)        (11,916)            (30,186)                    –                 –        (611,190)
            Interest/dividend paid                  (9,872)              –                   –                (4,611)          (18,692)        (33,175)
            Non-cash changes:
            Accrued interest                             –               –                   –                5,018                 –           5,018
            Dividend declared                            –               –                   –                    –            18,692          18,692
            Dividend cancelled                           –               –                   –                    –               (77)            (77)
            Discount or premium amortisation         9,113             (29)               (666)                   –                 –           8,418
            Fair value adjustments                       –              13                 (11)                   –                 –               2
            Foreign exchange                            (7)         (1,148)             (1,247)                   –                 –          (2,402)
            At 31 December 2017                    178,189          24,120             101,592                1,820                26         305,747



      (c)   Significant non-cash transactions
            There are no significant non-cash transactions during the year.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                           237
Annual Report 2018



57. Operating segments
      The Group’s principal activities are commercial lending and deposits taking. The funding of existing retail and
      corporate loans are mainly from customer deposits.
      The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business lines and
      geography.



(1)   Wholesale finance business
      The financial services for the corporate clients, sovereigns, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
      service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
      inter-bank business comprised of lending and buy-back, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
      services.



(2)   Retail finance business
      The provision of financial services to retail customers includes: lending and deposit taking activities, bank card
      business, wealth management services, private banking and other services.



(3)   Other Business
      Other business includes: property leasing and businesses operated by subsidiaries other than WLB, and associates
      and joint ventures. None of these segments meets any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segments division.
      For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
      income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
      expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
      account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
      costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
      As listed in Note (4), the accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting
      policies. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment
      transactions are offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2018 and 2017. Internal
      transactions are conducted at fair value.
238   China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      57. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                Wholesale                      Retail
                                                            financial business           financial business           Other business                     Total

                                                              2018            2017         2018           2017         2018             2017         2018            2017
            External net interest income                     24,466         28,441      100,299         89,674       35,619         26,737       160,384         144,852
            Internal net interest income/(expense)           52,553         44,084      (17,681)       (18,716)     (34,872)       (25,368)            –               –
            Net interest income                              77,019         72,525       82,618         70,958          747             1,369    160,384         144,852
            Net fee and commission income                    20,095         23,871       42,700         36,390        3,685             3,757      66,480          64,018
            Other net income                                 12,181          6,619          525          1,035        7,565             3,515      20,271          11,169
            Operating income                                109,295        103,015      125,843        108,383       11,997             8,641    247,135         220,039
            Operating expenses
             – Depreciation                                  (1,527)        (1,542)      (2,255)        (2,368)      (1,488)        (1,152)        (5,270)         (5,062)
             – Others                                       (29,683)       (24,863)     (43,803)       (37,863)      (2,354)        (2,643)       (75,840)        (65,369)
            Reportable segment profit before
              impairment losses                              78,085         76,610       79,785         68,152        8,155             4,846    166,025         149,608
            Expected credit losses and impairment
              losses on other assets                        (38,171)       (39,826)     (21,522)       (19,737)      (1,144)             (363)    (60,837)        (59,926)
            Share of profit of associates and
              joint ventures                                      –               –           –               –       1,309              998        1,309             998
            Reportable segment profit before tax             39,914         36,784       58,263         48,415        8,320             5,481    106,497           90,680
            Capital expenditure (note(i))                     3,291          2,930        4,858          4,494        9,256             8,926     17,405           16,350

                                                                 Wholesale                     Retail
                                                             financial business          financial business            Other business                    Total
                                                        31 December    31 December 31 December     31 December 31 December     31 December 31 December       31 December
                                                               2018           2017        2018            2017        2018            2017        2018              2017
                                                                          (Restated)                  (Restated)                  (Restated)
            Reportable segment assets                     2,831,765       2,824,662    2,045,530      1,814,963    1,794,697     1,592,575       6,671,992       6,232,200
            Reportable segment liabilities                3,526,129       3,459,039    1,598,208      1,359,453    1,007,225       901,122       6,131,562       5,719,614
            Interest in associates and joint ventures             –               –            –              –        8,871         5,203           8,871           5,203

            Note:

            (i)   Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring long-term segment assets.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                 239
Annual Report 2018



57. Operating segments (continued)
(b)   Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
      and other material items
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                           2018              2017
      Total operating income for reportable segments                    247,135            220,039
      Total profit before income tax for reportable segments            106,497             90,680

                                                               31 December 2018   31 December 2017
      Assets
      Total assets for reportable segments                            6,671,992          6,232,200
      Goodwill                                                            9,954              9,954
      Intangible assets                                                     735                737
      Deferred tax assets                                                58,374             50,120
      Other unallocated assets                                            4,674              4,627
      Consolidated total assets                                       6,745,729          6,297,638
      Liabilities
      Total liabilities for reportable segments                       6,131,562          5,719,614
      Tax payable                                                        20,411             26,701
      Other unallocated liabilities                                      50,151             67,931
      Consolidated total liabilities                                  6,202,124          5,814,246
240   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      57. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)   Geographical segments
            The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
            municipalities directly under the central government. The Group also has branches operation in Hong Kong,
            New York, Singapore, London, Sydney and Luxembourg, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong and Shanghai and
            representative offices in Beijing, London, New York and Taipei.
            In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
            location of the branches, subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are allocated
            based on the geographical location of the underlying assets.
            To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
            –           “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter, special purpose vehicles at the branch level which are
                        directly under the headquarter, associates and joint ventures, including the headquarter and credit card
                        centres, etc.;
            –           “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                        province;
            –           “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches and representative offices in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality,
                        Shandong province and Hebei province;
            –           “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;
            –           “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;
            –           “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                        Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
            –           “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                        province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                        region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                        autonomous region;
            –           “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                        and representative offices in London, New York, and Taipei; and
            –           “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including WLB, CMBICHC,
                        CMBFLC, CMFM, etc.

                                                Total assets             Total liabilities        Non-current assets         Profit before tax        Operating income
                                                                                                                   For the year For the year For the year For the year
                                                                                                                         ended        ended        ended        ended
                                         31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
            Geographical information            2018        2017        2018        2017        2018         2017         2018         2017         2018         2017
                                                                                                        (Restated)
            Headquarter                    3,129,174     2,908,217   2,739,929       2,557,785    34,056         29,628     12,017          15,387     91,577       76,680
            Yangtze River Delta region       777,607       761,970     759,258         745,677     2,948          2,849     24,040          19,659     34,386       32,517
            Bohai Rim region                 526,143       492,441     513,813         484,410     2,015          2,131     16,383          12,080     26,946       25,116
            Pearl River Delta and
              West Coast region              693,830       645,313     679,961         632,515     2,137          2,074     19,279          15,998     31,936       29,758
            Northeast region                 144,367       151,548     146,060         150,447     1,125          1,162     (1,320)          1,555      6,349        6,610
            Central region                   389,081       358,334     380,025         352,226     2,524          2,573     11,930           8,108     16,925       15,181
            Western region                   380,152       360,547     371,913         355,602     2,389          2,490     10,790           6,745     17,491       16,015
            Overseas                         240,080       199,836     234,741         196,693       145            165      3,041           2,071      4,285        3,399
            Subsidiaries                     465,295       419,432     376,424         338,891    38,903         30,764     10,337           9,077     17,240       14,763
            Total                          6,745,729     6,297,638   6,202,124       5,814,246    86,242         73,836    106,497          90,680    247,135      220,039

            Note:       Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets,
                        goodwill, etc.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                       241
Annual Report 2018



58. Assets Pledged as Security
      The following assets have been pledged as collateral for liabilities under repurchase arrangements:
                                                                                                 2018              2017
      Borrowing from central bank                                                             405,314           414,838
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                 78,141           125,620
      Subtotal                                                                                483,455           540,458
      Assets pledged
        – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                18,925             5,316
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                  280,262               N/A
        – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                    71,196               N/A
        – Available-for-sale financial assets                                                     N/A            95,828
        – Held-to-maturity investments                                                            N/A           409,092
        – Other assets                                                                        109,757            75,946
      Total                                                                                   480,140           586,182

      The transactions under repurchase agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and customary to standard
      lending and securities borrowing and lending activities.



59. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
(a)   Credit commitments
      At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
      approved loans and credit card limits.
      The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
      parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
      expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
      The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
      The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amount reflected
      in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represents the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
      the end of the reporting period if counterparties defaulted.
                                                                                          2018
                                                                                  –Stage 2         –Stage 3
                                                                                 (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL- not              ECL-
                                                                 (12-month          credit-           credit
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)        impaired)         Total
      Contractual amount

      Irrevocable guarantees                                       234,373             370              357     235,100
      Of which: Financial guarantees                               142,937             288                3     143,228
                  Non-financial guarantees                          91,436              82              354      91,872
      Irrevocable letters of credit                                 66,198           1,038                6      67,242
      Bills of acceptances                                         234,681           2,134               12     236,827
      Irrevocable loan commitments                                  96,741             137               12      96,890
         – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      42,790              54               12      42,856
         – with an original maturity over 1 year                    53,951              83                –      54,034
      Credit card commitments                                      836,924           8,497               81     845,502
      Others                                                        74,918               5                –      74,923
      Total                                                      1,543,835          12,181              468    1,556,484
242   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      59. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (continued)
      (a)   Credit commitments (continued)
            As at 31 December 2018, the Group`s irrevocable letters of credit includes sight letters of credit of RMB8,679
            million, usance letters of credit of RMB5,640 million, other commitments of RMB52,923 million.
                                                                                                                                        2017
            Contractual amount

            Irrevocable guarantees                                                                                                   251,683
            Of which: Financial guarantees                                                                                           161,407
                        Non-financial guarantees                                                                                      90,276
            Irrevocable letters of credit                                                                                             70,724
            Of which: Sight letters of credit                                                                                          9,658
                        Usance letters of credit                                                                                       6,586
                        Other payment commitments(note)                                                                               54,480
            Bills of acceptances                                                                                                     245,007
            Irrevocable loan commitments                                                                                              80,469
               – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                   1,908
               – with an original maturity over 1 year                                                                                78,561
            Credit card commitments                                                                                                  690,898
            Others                                                                                                                    68,227
            Total                                                                                                                   1,407,008

            Note: Other payment commitments refers to the Group as the acceptor of letters of credit payment commitments.

            Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
            and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
            These contingent liabilities and commitments have off-balance sheet credit risk. Before the commitments are fulfilled
            or expired, management assesses and makes allowances for any probable losses accordingly. As the facilities may
            expire without being drawn upon, the total of the contractual amounts is not representative of expected future cash
            outflows.
            Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB2,236,875 million at 31
            December 2018 (31 December 2017: RMB2,042,851 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
            or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
            lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
            result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                                            2018        2017
            Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                                      373,397      355,050

            The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitment in accordance
            with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued by the CBIRC.
            The amount within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the internal rating-based
            approach, and the risk-weighted approach is used to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based
            approach.



      (b)   Capital commitments
            Authorised capital commitments were as follows:
                                                                                                                            2018        2017
            – Contracted for                                                                                                1,885      6,325
            – Authorised but not contracted for                                                                               394        740
            Total                                                                                                           2,279      7,065
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                          243
Annual Report 2018



59. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (continued)
(c)   Operating lease commitments
      Total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases of properties are payable as follows:
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                3,874                 3,701
      1 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                            8,933                 8,925
      Over 5 years                                                                             1,741                 1,845
      Total                                                                                   14,548               14,471

      The Group leases certain properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 5
      years, and may include an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes
      contingent rental.



(d)   Outstanding litigations
      At 31 December 2018, the Group was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with gross claims of RMB515
      million (2017: RMB728 million) arising from its banking activities. The Board of Directors considers that no material
      losses would be incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has
      been made in the consolidated financial statements.



(e)   Redemption obligations
      As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to buy back its bonds if the
      holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before their maturity
      date is based on the coupon value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date. Accrued interest
      payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules issued by the MOF and the PBOC. The
      redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the redemption date.
      The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
      Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                               2018                  2017
      Redemption obligations                                                                  25,568               25,182

      The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
      Group will not be material.
244   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      60. Transactions on Behalf of Customers
      (a)   Entrusted lending business
            The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
            business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
            on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
            usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
            instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
            an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
            Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
            position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss as fee and commission income.
            At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                                   2018                     2017
            Entrusted loans                                                                                    417,263                  489,351
            Entrusted funds                                                                                   (417,263)                (489,351)



      (b)   Wealth management services
            The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
            corporate and personal banking customers. The funds obtained from wealth management services are invested
            in investment products, including bonds, funds, and entrusted loans. The Group initiated the launch of wealth
            management products. The investment risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in
            these products. The Group does not consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission
            which represents the charges on customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
            The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
            recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds obtained from wealth management services
            that have not yet been invested are recorded under other liabilities.
            At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed
            wealth management services were as follows:
                                                                                                                   2018                     2017
            Funds received from customers under wealth management services                                   1,851,964                1,730,847

            Notes:   In current period, funds received from customers under wealth management services are the funds received from customers under
                     unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management services, and has restated the corresponding comparative figures.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                245
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management
(a)   Credit risk
      Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
      obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
      industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
      same economic development, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
      The Group has designed its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify,
      evaluate and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed
      by the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work
      process and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
      With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
      Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions, including each
      business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout the entire credit
      process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring.
      With respect to the credit risk management of corporate financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
      guideline, and enhances credit acceptance and exit policies for corporate and institutional clients, and implements
      limit control measures to improve the quality of credit exposure.
      With respect to the credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group relies on credit assessment of
      applicants as the basis for loan approval. Customer relationship managers are required to assess the income level,
      credit history, and repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on
      borrowers’ repayment ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes
      overdue, the Group starts the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
      To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
      guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or credit risk offset. Collateral structures
      and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they can still cover the given risks and be consistent with
      market practices.
      In respect of loan classification, the Group adopts a risk based loan classification methodology. Currently, the Group
      categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis in order to refine internal risk classification management
      (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
      The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved
      in loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application,
      post-lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
      Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers are in the same business, located in the same
      geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their obligations
      may be affected by the same economic changes. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the sensitivity of
      the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of credit risk, the
      Group has formulated the quota limit management policy to monitor and analyse the loan portfolio.
      Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are stated in Note 22.
246   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (i)    Internal credit risk rating
             The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The Group classifies credit risk into 25 grades. The
             internal credit risk rating is based on the predicted default risk. Internal credit risk ratings are based on qualitative
             and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale business include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate,
             industry, etc. For customers of retail business include maturity, ageing, mortgage rate, etc.


      (ii)   Significant increase in credit risk
             As describe in Note 4, the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
             of a default occurring on the financial instrument and other items as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
             occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group
             considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note
             61(a)(i)), as well as internal warning signal, the result of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group
             regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are applicable to the current situation.
             For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
             the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating
             of the customer has met the standard of downgrading; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a
             certain level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
             For retail business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
             the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; or the customer has other
             significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
             For credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
             the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer has early credit
             risk warning signals; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
             A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
             capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
             business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
             cash flow obligations.
             For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable
             commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
             for impairment.
             The Group considers that a debt instrument has been credit impaired when its 5-tier loan classification is
             substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                                247
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(iii)   Measurement of ECL
        The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
        •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
        •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
        •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt instrument.
        These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
        adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.


(iv)    Incorporation of forward-looking information
        According to the different risk characteristics of assets, the Group divides assets into different asset groups, identifies
        macro indicators related to credit risks, and establishes regression models.
        The Group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort, and predict the
        macroeconomic assumptions. External information includes macroeconomic data, forecast information issued by
        government or regulatory agencies, for example, GDP, fixed asset investment, total social consumption, etc. The
        Group assigns different scenarios to different possibilities.
        During the reporting period, the Group did not make any changes to the predicted technology and important
        assumptions.


(v)     Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
        The Group divides the primary business into credit card business, retail business, wholesale business. According to
        the type of business, the Group divides the retail business into housing mortgage loans, consumer loans, etc. The
        Group divides the wholesale business into different types according to the scale.


(vi)    Maximum exposure
        The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking account of any collateral held or other credit
        enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets (including derivatives) as disclosed in the
        consolidated statement of financial position and the contract amount of the off balance sheet items disclosed in
        Note 59(a). At 31 December 2018, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure is RMB10,371,303
        million (2017: RMB9,597,033 million).


(vii)   Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
        The carrying amount of loans and advances that were impaired and the terms been renegotiated was RMB22,766
        million as at 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: RMB18,009 million).
248   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (viii)   Credit quality of debt investments
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of debt investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                        2018                      2017
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                                  968                     1,083
               Impairment allowances                                                                                     (455)                     (802)
               Subtotal                                                                                                   513                       281
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                                   295,565                   189,250
               AA- to AA+                                                                                             70,199                    38,110
               A- to A+                                                                                              597,066                   517,664
               Lower than A-                                                                                          27,649                    23,417
               Unrated                                                                                               214,019                   206,881
               Impairment allowances                                                                                  (3,575)                     (480)
               Subtotal                                                                                           1,200,923                    974,842
               Total                                                                                              1,201,436                    975,123

               Note:   Bonds issued by the governments, central banks and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB932,143 million (2017: RMB755,473
                       million) are included.




      (ix)     Collateral
               An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
               overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                                        2018                      2017
               Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit
                 enhancements held against – Loans and advances to customers                                          20,618                    13,460



      (b)      Market risk
               Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s financial instruments will fluctuate and
               which may result in loss to the Group, because of changes in foreign exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price,
               stock price and other observable market factors. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market
               risk factors relevant to the Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the
               trading book and banking book. The financial instruments under the trading book are held for trading purposes
               or for the purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments
               are traded in active market. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by
               the Group for stable and determinable return, or for the purposes of hedging the risks arising from the banking
               book position. The financial instruments under the banking book include both the Group’s on-balance sheet and
               off-balance sheet exposure, and have relative stable market value.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             249
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk
      Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
      currency and foreign currency derivative positions which may expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
      unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated
      in RMB, and the other currencies are mainly USD and HKD. The Group has established its foreign exchange
      risk management and governance framework based on segregation of duty principle, which segregates the
      responsibilities of the establishment, execution and supervision of foreign exchange risk. This framework specified
      the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the board of Supervisors, senior management,
      designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management of foreign exchange risk. The
      Group takes a prudent strategy in the management of foreign exchange risk, and would not voluntarily take foreign
      exchange risk, which suits the current development of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk management
      policies and procedures of the Group fulfil the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the Group in the
      management of foreign exchange risk.


      (1)    Trading book
             The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which including exchange
             rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book for unified management. The structure,
             process and method of exchange rate risk of trading book are consistent with the interest rate risk of trading
             book.
             For management and risk measurement purpose, the Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure
             indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR, including interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity
             risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, cumulative
             loss index, the management method includes conducting business entitlement, setting quota limits, daily
             monitoring and continuous reporting, etc.


      (2)    Banking book
             The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is overall managed by the Head Office. The Asset
             and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book foreign
             exchange risk management. The audit department is responsible for auditing. The treasurer is responsible to
             manage the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent approach and compliance with the
             regulatory requirements, and manage the foreign exchange risk through approaches such as management of
             transaction limits and adjustment of plans.
             The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB assets and
             liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to manage its foreign exchange
             risk within acceptable limits.
             The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
             for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses
             the foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly
             basis under the limit framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
             exchange rate movements to avoid the banking book foreign exchange risk.
             The Group continued to strengthen bank account exchange rate risk monitoring and authorization
             management of quota limit to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
250   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (b)   Market risk (continued)
      (i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (2)    Banking book (continued)
                   Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                                        2018
                                                                                                                                      Original
                                                                                 Equivalent in RMB million                       currency in million
                                                                     RMB          USD         HKD       Others           Total      USD          HKD
                   Assets
                   Cash and balances with central bank            468,309      18,266        4,680           1,880    493,135      2,660         5,338
                   Amounts due from banks and
                     other financial institutions                  414,598    166,478      18,866        11,244        611,186    24,247       21,517
                   Loans and advances to customers               3,377,558    191,839     130,064        41,801      3,741,262    27,941      148,339
                   Investments (including derivatives)           1,574,122     73,659      23,497        12,263      1,683,541    10,729       26,798
                   Other assets (note(i))                          158,173     43,612      12,925         1,895        216,605     6,353       14,741
                   Total                                         5,992,760    493,854     190,032        69,083      6,745,729    71,930      216,733
                   Liabilities
                   Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                      other financial institutions               1,025,703    103,989      13,116         7,348      1,150,156    15,146       14,959
                   Deposits from customers                       3,903,972    316,770     142,793        37,139      4,400,674    46,137      162,857
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through
                      profit or loss (including derivatives)       49,376      29,138        1,964              13     80,491      4,244         2,240
                   Debt securities issued                         373,113      38,382        7,923           2,909    422,327      5,590         9,036
                   Other liabilities (note(i))                    131,311       7,313        5,671           4,181    148,476      1,065         6,466
                   Total                                         5,483,475    495,592     171,467        51,590      6,202,124    72,182      195,558
                   Net position                                   509,285       (1,738)     18,565       17,493       543,605       (252)      21,175
                   Net off-balance sheet position:
                   Credit commitments (note(ii)                  1,384,833    119,708       28,089       23,854      1,556,484    17,435       32,036
                   Derivatives:
                     – forward purchased                          515,342      586,568      52,220       25,454 1,179,584         85,433        59,557
                     – forward sold                              (542,869)    (543,114)    (24,796)     (45,387) (1,156,166)     (79,104)      (28,280)
                     – net currency option position               (60,782)      64,568         364         (650)      3,500        9,404           415
                   Total                                           (88,309)   108,022       27,788      (20,583)       26,918     15,733       31,692
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                251
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)    Banking book (continued)
             Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                             2017
                                                                                                                                                 Original
                                                                                    Equivalent in RMB million                               currency in million
                                                                    RMB            USD            HKD           Others         Total           USD              HKD
             Assets
             Cash and balances with central bank                569,550         27,997         16,665            2,207      616,419          4,299         20,001
             Amounts due from banks and
               other financial institutions                     355,030         99,931         12,419           16,716      484,096         15,346         14,905
             Loans and advances to customers                  3,036,190        198,058        145,395           34,969    3,414,612         30,415        174,502
             Investments (including derivatives)              1,492,420         69,878         24,625           10,349    1,597,272         10,731         29,556
             Other assets                                       135,223         33,360         16,960             (304)     185,239          5,121         20,355
             Total                                            5,588,413        429,224        216,064           63,937    6,297,638         65,912        259,319
             Liabilities
             Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                other financial institutions                  1,141,054        103,011          5,660            2,585    1,252,310         15,819          6,794
             Deposits from customers                          3,542,432        336,471        149,594           35,848    4,064,345         51,670        179,540
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
                profit or loss (including derivatives)           23,935         22,750          1,791                –       48,476          3,493          2,151
             Debt securities issued                             255,686         33,038          6,930              823      296,477          5,073          8,317
             Other liabilities                                  134,726          8,308          6,631            2,973      152,638          1,276          7,958
             Total                                            5,097,833        503,578        170,606           42,229    5,814,246         77,331        204,760
             Net position                                       490,580        (74,354)        45,458           21,708      483,392        (11,419)        54,559
             Net off-balance sheet position:
             Credit commitments (note(ii)                     1,207,229        133,144         35,740           30,895    1,407,008         20,447         42,896
             Derivatives:
               – forward purchased                              396,668        519,657         37,360         17,382        971,067         79,800         44,839
               – forward sold                                  (462,581)      (409,541)       (37,628)       (37,210)      (946,960)       (62,890)       (45,161)
               – net currency option position                  (100,947)       (80,313)          (185)        (3,399)      (184,844)       (12,333)          (222)
             Total                                             (166,860)        29,803            (453)      (23,227)      (160,737)         4,577              (544)

             Note:

             (i)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

             (ii)      Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn, therefore the above net position does not represent the future cash
                       outflows.
252   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
             (2)    Banking book (continued)
                    Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the
                    potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net foreign exchange gains and
                    losses and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity
                    analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017.
                                                                                  2018                               2017
                                                                    Change in foreign currency      Change in foreign currency
                                                                   exchange rate (in basis points) exchange rate (in basis points)
                                                                              (100)              100              (100)             100
                    Increase/(decrease) in annualised net profit               177              (177)             364               (364)
                    Increase/(decrease) in annualised equity                   177              (177)             364               (364)

                    Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
                    rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


      (ii)   Interest rate risk
             Interest rate risk arises from adverse change in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to the
             income and market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


             (1)    Trading book
                    The Group has set up its market risk governance framework for trading book, covering interest rate risk,
                    foreign exchange risk and commodity price risk. The Group’s market risk governance framework for trading
                    book specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting line of the Board of Directors, senior management,
                    designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the effectiveness of the trading book market risk
                    management. The market risk management department is responsible for execution of the management of
                    interest rate risk under the trading book.
                    The Group has established market risk limits management framework, covering the interest rate risk, foreign
                    exchange rate risk and commodity price risk under the trading book. Within this framework, the highest
                    level indicators (or limits), which are also the trading book market risk preference quantitative indicators (or
                    limits) of the Group, adopt VaR and portfolio stress testing methodologies and directly link to the Group’s net
                    capital. In addition, according to the product type, trading strategy and characteristics of risk of sub-portfolio,
                    the highest level indicators are allocated to lower level indicators, and to each front office departments.
                    These indicators are monitored and reported on a daily basis.
                    For management purpose, the Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value
                    at risk indicator (VaR, including all interest rate risk factors related to trading book), interest rate scenario
                    stress test loss index, interest rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index (covering all risk factors related
                    to trading book). Management measures include setting the limit and authorization of transaction, daily
                    monitoring and constant reporting. Market value at risk indicator (VaR) includes normal market risk value and
                    stress market value, both of which are calculated using historical simulation method.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              253
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (2)    Banking book
              The Group has established the governance and management framework according to the interest rate risk
              management policy for the banking book, which specified the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of
              the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the
              effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest risk of the banking book of the Group is centrally
              managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department. The audit department is responsible for
              auditing.
              The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis, duration analysis
              and stress testing for the measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress
              test is a form of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in NII and EVE indicators when there is an
              extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group conducts stress test on interest rate risk of banking book on
              a monthly basis. The results of stress test for 2018 showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the
              Company was generally stable with various indicators staying within the set limits.
              The Group has formulated the principles for risk control at different interest rate risk levels. Based on the
              risk measurement and monitoring results, the Group will propose the corresponding risk management policy
              at the regular meetings of the assets and liabilities management committee and through the reporting
              mechanism, and the Assets and Liabilities Management Department is responsible for its implementation.
              The major measures for risk management include the adjustment in business volume, duration structure and
              interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and the utilisation of off-balance sheet
              derivative tools to offset risk exposure.
              The Group measures and monitors interest rate risk of banking book through the asset and liability
              management system. Major models and parameter assumptions used in the course of measurement shall be
              verified independently by the Risk Management Department before official use and shall be reviewed and
              verified regularly upon official use.
254   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (2)    Banking book (continued)
                    The following table indicates the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are earlier) for
                    assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                    2018
                                                                               3 months
                                                                                  or less       Over            Over                 Non-
                                                                                (include    3 months           1 year     Over    interest
                                                                      Total    overdue)     to 1 year      to 5 years   5 years   bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central bank             493,135     477,321             –              –          –    15,814
                    Amounts due from banks and
                      other financial institutions                  611,186     518,613        84,679            268      1,214     6,412
                    Loans and advances to customers (note (i))    3,741,262   1,665,384     1,846,122        170,453     59,303         –
                    Investments (including derivatives)           1,683,541     439,396       173,454        665,013    360,022    45,656
                    Other assets (note (ii))                        216,605           –             –              –          –   216,605
                    Total assets                                  6,745,729   3,100,714     2,104,255        835,734    420,539   284,487
                    Liabilities
                    Amounts due to banks and
                       other financial institutions               1,150,156     802,236      327,266          10,792      4,683     5,179
                    Deposits from customers                       4,400,674   3,485,761      484,156         417,315      2,597    10,845
                    Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss (including derivatives)        80,491         206        2,667           9,511        213    67,894
                    Debt securities issued                          422,327      77,883      197,850         101,780     44,814         –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                   148,476          19            –               –          –   148,457
                    Total liabilities                             6,202,124   4,366,105     1,011,939        539,398     52,307   232,375
                    Asset-liability gap                             543,605   (1,265,391)   1,092,316        296,336    368,232    52,112
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                                                             255
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (2)    Banking book (continued)
                                                                                                              2017
                                                                                   3 months
                                                                                       or less          Over              Over                                Non-
                                                                                     (include       3 months             1 year             Over           interest
                                                                       Total        overdue)        to 1 year        to 5 years           5 years          bearing
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central bank                  616,419          600,007                  –                 –                –          16,412
              Amounts due from banks and
                other financial institutions                       484,096          388,406           90,437              1,901               –             3,352
              Loans and advances to customers (note (i))         3,414,612        1,481,059        1,669,795            210,845          52,913                 –
              Investments (including derivatives)                1,597,272          354,103          289,976            566,062         363,422            23,709
              Other assets                                         185,239                –                –                  –               –           185,239
              Total assets                                       6,297,638        2,823,575        2,050,208            778,808         416,335           228,712
              Liabilities
              Amounts due to banks and
                 other financial institutions                    1,252,310          908,925           329,543             7,628            3,457            2,757
              Deposits from customers                            4,064,345        3,056,891           588,581           404,127            3,354           11,392
              Financial liabilities at fair value through
                 profit or loss (including derivatives)             48,476               83             3,823             3,195              388           40,987
              Debt securities issued                               296,477          143,759            56,327            63,707           32,684                –
              Other liabilities                                    152,638                –               164                 1                –          152,473
              Total liabilities                                  5,814,246        4,109,658           978,438           478,658           39,883          207,609
              Asset-liability gap                                  483,392       (1,286,083)       1,071,770            300,150         376,452            21,103

              Note:

              (i)       For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2018 and
                        31 December 2017, net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or part of the
                        principals or interests were overdue.

              (ii)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

              The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
              Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
              sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017.
                                                                                             2018                                         2017
                                                                                  Change in interest                             Change in interest
                                                                                 rates (in basis points)                        rates (in basis points)
                                                                                           25                    (25)                    25                      (25)
              (Decrease)/increase in annualised
                net interest income                                                  (1,966)                 1,966                 (2,010)                 2,010
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                                          (3,544)                 3,756                 (3,152)                 3,174

              Actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and equity resulting from increase or decrease in interest
              rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.
256   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a timely
            manner to meet the maturity obligations, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of
            normal business operations.
            In line with its liquidity risk management policies, the Group sets out and implements the principle of supervisory
            duty segregation. It also puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and reporting
            lines of the Board of Directors, the board of Supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
            departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors shall accept the
            ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensure the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor
            and control liquidity risk and are responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can withstand.
            The Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors shall discharge responsibilities in
            liquidity risk management on behalf of the Board of Directors. The board of Supervisors shall be responsible for the
            supervision and evaluation of the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in the liquidity
            risk management and report to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management (being the Executive
            Office of President of the Head Office) shall be responsible for the concrete management work relating to liquidity
            risk and developing a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and shall report the same to the Board of
            Director. Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) shall, under the authority of the senior management, exercise
            the corresponding liquidity risk management functions. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the
            Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO, and shall be responsible for various concrete management
            work including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative
            and quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Audit Department of the Head Office shall perform duties in respect
            of audit work of liquidity risk management, and conduct comprehensive audit on the Group’s liquidity risk
            management.
            The Group is prudent in managing the risk, which better suits its current development stage. Basically, the Group’s
            existing liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and its own management
            needs.
            The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches, subsidiaries acting in concert.
            The Asset and Liability Management Department acts as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of routine
            liquidity risk management. The treasurer is responsible for managing liquidity on a prudent basis under regulatory
            requirement, and conducting centralised liquidity management through quota management, budget control,
            initiative debt management as well as internal fund transfer pricing.
            The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as duration structures and
            contingencies. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals. Specifically, the Group adopts information
            outsourced from Wind, Reuters and other systems as its external liquidity indicators, and uses self-developed liquidity
            risk management system to measure its internal liquidity indicators and cash flow statements.
            It closely monitors various limit indicators at regular intervals, performs regular stress testing to judge whether it can
            address liquidity needs under extreme circumstances. In addition to the annual stress tests required by the regulatory
            authorities, the Company conducts stress tests on the liquidity risk associated with domestic and foreign currencies
            on a monthly basis. In addition, the Group draws up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity contingency
            drills to prepare for liquidity crises.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                257
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by residual maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                           2018
                                                                                   After         After        After
                                                                                1 month      3 months        1 year
                                                     Repayable       Within   but within    but within   but within       After
                                                    on demand      1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
      Cash and balances with central
        bank (note (i))                                 31,621            –            –             –            –           –     461,514          –    493,135
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions                    81,344     410,287       31,664        85,447        1,230           –        1,214          –     611,186
      Loans and advances to customers                        –     414,154      275,758     1,097,315      964,517     970,623            –     18,895   3,741,262
      Investments (note (ii))
        – Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (including derivatives)         3,045     191,652       62,960        33,898       42,361      25,549        1,827        275    361,567
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                 –       9,809       75,329       106,912      467,555     240,250            –      3,413    903,268
        – Debt investments at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                      434       21,042       16,391        74,532      204,145      97,770            –        377    414,691
        – Equity investments designated at
          fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                –           –            –             –            –           –        4,015          –      4,015
      Other assets (note (iv))                          23,800       6,524        7,010        11,418        3,053         200      164,600          –    216,605
      Total assets                                     140,244    1,053,468     469,112     1,409,522    1,682,861    1,334,392     633,170     22,960   6,745,729
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial Institutions                  328,999     269,494      184,328       334,596       25,383       5,744        1,612          –   1,150,156
      Deposits from customers (note (iii))           3,029,478     217,170      246,113       486,450      418,866       2,597            –          –   4,400,674
      Financial liabilities at fair value through
         profit or loss (including derivatives)         14,564      13,725        8,400        16,859       17,200       9,530          213          –     80,491
      Debt securities issued                                 –      13,343       68,339       194,051      101,780      44,814            –          –    422,327
      Other liabilities (note (iv))                     65,131      45,029        9,438        19,273        5,517         766        3,322          –    148,476
      Total liabilities                              3,438,172     558,761      516,618     1,051,229      568,746      63,451        5,147          –   6,202,124
      (Short)/long position                         (3,297,928)    494,707       (47,506)     358,293    1,114,115    1,270,941     628,023     22,960    543,605
258   China Merchants Bank                       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                                   2017
                                                                                           After         After        After
                                                                                        1 month      3 months        1 year
                                                           Repayable        Within    but within    but within   but within        After
                                                          on demand       1 month      3 months         1 year      5 years      5 years     Indefinite    Overdue          Total
            Cash and balances with central
              bank (note (i))                                 84,424             –            –             –             –            –      531,995               –    616,419
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions                    43,809      299,502        33,898       102,778        1,900            –         2,209            –        484,096
            Loans and advances to customers                        –      358,319       268,551     1,006,228      880,201      887,849             –       13,464      3,414,612
            Investments (note (ii))
              – Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (including derivatives)              –        5,298       14,697        42,895       18,354        1,592           876            –        83,712
              – Available-for-sale financial assets                 –        8,337       18,304        68,573      166,935      116,255         4,277          420       383,101
              – Held-to-maturity investments                        –        3,418        6,444        31,217      306,655      210,484             –            –       558,218
              – Debt securities classified as
               receivables                                         –      216,900        33,083      161,336       119,267       40,287           100        1,268       572,241
            Other assets                                      15,299       18,040         3,048        2,793         1,292          505       137,166        7,096       185,239
            Total assets                                     143,532      909,814       378,025     1,415,820    1,494,604    1,256,972       676,623       22,248      6,297,638
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial Institutions                  296,528      403,330       182,894      340,645        23,509        5,404              –              –   1,252,310
            Deposits from customers (note (iii))           2,554,598      364,232       350,167      570,414       221,560        3,374              –              –   4,064,345
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss (including derivatives)          6,815         6,119        7,905        21,743        5,126          649           119               –     48,476
            Debt securities issued                                 -        48,497       91,414        59,187       64,695       32,684             –               –    296,477
            Other liabilities                                 77,230        38,461        8,274        12,795        8,725        1,199         5,954               –    152,638
            Total liabilities                              2,935,171      860,639       640,654     1,004,784      323,615       43,310         6,073               –   5,814,246
            (Short)/long position                          (2,791,639)      49,175     (262,629)     411,036     1,170,989    1,213,662       670,550       22,248       483,392

            Notes:

            (i)            For balances with central bank, the amount with an indefinite maturity represents statutory deposit reserve and fiscal balances maintained with
                           the PBOC.

            (ii)           The residual maturities of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss included in investments do not represent the Group’s intention to
                           hold them to maturity.

            (iii)          The deposits from customers that are repayable on demand include matured time deposits which are pending for customers’ instructions.

            (iv)           Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements                                                                                                        259
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
      assets, liabilities and gross loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s
      expected cash flow on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                         2018
                                                                                                     After        After          After
                                                                                                  1 month     3 months          1 year
                                                 Carrying              Repayable       Within   but within   but within     but within       After
                                                  amount        Total on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year        5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
      Non-derivative financial assets
      Cash and balances with central bank        493,135     493,135      31,621            –            –              –            –           –     461,514          –
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions              611,186     664,376     92,117     425,647       42,522          99,309       3,567            –       1,214          –
      Loans and advances to customers           3,741,262   4,485,884          –     429,359      305,185       1,224,946   1,225,783    1,281,883           –     18,728
      Investments
        – Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                 327,643     340,529       3,045     188,738       59,383         23,145       34,099      29,990        1,853        276
        – Debt investments at
         amortised cost                          903,268    1,059,887           –     11,876       79,543        126,478      539,495     298,966            –      3,529
        – Debt investments at fair value
          through other comprehensive
         income                                  414,691     469,935         434      22,104       18,406         83,448      232,981     112,052            –        510
        – Equity investments designated
          at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                      4,015       4,017           –           –            –              –            –           –        4,017          –
      Other assets                                70,824      70,949      24,066       6,397        6,963         11,143        3,003         200       19,177          –
      Total                                     6,566,024   7,588,712    151,283    1,084,121     512,002       1,568,469   2,038,928    1,723,091     487,775     23,043
      Non-derivative financial liabilities
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial institutions           1,150,156   1,225,600     342,929    305,526      197,112        344,251       27,644       6,526        1,612          –
      Deposits from customers                   4,400,674   4,523,601   3,072,330    220,813      251,698        504,660      470,186       3,914            –          –
      Financial liabilities at fair value
         through profit or loss                   44,100      45,108      21,532       5,765        1,999          5,320       10,279         213            –          –
      Debt securities issued                     422,327     454,141           –      23,224       68,511        224,268       88,801      49,337            –          –
      Other liabilities                          117,228     117,734      35,565      44,540        9,085         17,487        7,224       1,863        1,970          –
      Total                                     6,134,485   6,366,184   3,472,356    599,868      528,405       1,095,986     604,134      61,853        3,582          –
      Gross loan commitments                                 942,392     942,392            –            –              –            –           –           –          –

      Note:       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
260   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                           After        After        After
                                                                                                        1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                       Carrying                Repayable     Within   but within   but within   but within       After
                                                       amount         Total   on demand    1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite
            Non-derivative financial assets
            Cash and balances with central bank        616,419     616,419       84,424          –             –           –            –            –    531,995
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions              484,096     489,042      43,932    300,198      34,503       106,161        2,027            –      2,221
            Loans and advances to customers           3,414,612   4,119,230       6,822    371,155     298,493     1,123,118    1,127,013    1,185,940      6,689
            Investments
              – Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                  64,796      71,187             –     2,363       10,209       35,379      16,741        1,307       5,188
              – Available-for-sale financial assets    383,101     427,401             –    24,266       20,020       76,330     192,057      111,115       3,613
              – Held-to-maturity investments           558,218     682,646             –     5,176        9,825       46,113     366,084      255,456          (8)
              – Debt securities classified
               as receivables                          572,241     607,691            –    217,399       35,113     170,282      133,974       49,555       1,368
            Other assets                                60,496      60,496       15,299     18,040        3,048       2,793        1,292          505      19,519
            Total                                     6,153,979   7,074,112     150,477    938,597     411,211     1,560,176    1,839,188    1,603,878    570,585
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial institutions           1,252,310   1,265,833     296,594    403,939     185,110      346,279       24,732        9,179            –
            Deposits from customers                   4,064,345   4,175,394   2,609,943    367,920     356,795      581,761      252,097        6,878            –
            Financial liabilities at fair value
               through profit or loss                   26,619      26,658        6,815      3,939        3,697        8,464        3,237         388         118
            Debt securities issued                     296,477     320,981            –     49,027       92,948       62,025       79,597      37,384           –
            Other liabilities                          116,847     119,283       42,868     38,696        8,490       14,013        8,824       1,244       5,148
            Total                                     5,756,598   5,908,149   2,956,220    863,521     647,040     1,012,542     368,487       55,073       5,266
            Gross loan commitments                                 771,367      771,367          –             –           –            –            –           –
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                261
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(d)   Operational risk
      Operational risk arises from the direct and indirect loss due to technique, procedure, infrastructure and staff
      deficiency, as well as other risks which have effect on operation, which includes legal risk. But the strategic risk and
      reputation risk are not included.
      During the reporting period, through the strengthening of operational risk appraisal and assessment mechanisms,
      stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in key areas, the Group carried out a
      comprehensive special management of low-risk business. Starting with process, institution, employee and system, the
      Group focused on the existing problems of critical control segment, and measured these problems by management
      requirement’s solidification and refinement. Meanwhile, further improvement on operational risk management
      framework and methods, developing operational risk assessment mechanism and strengthening operational risk
      management economic capital allocation mechanism can enhance the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
      management in the Group. Now all major indexes can meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.
      In face of challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
      preference, continue to upgrade its risk management skills, strengthen operational risk monitoring and controls, as
      well as endeavour to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



(e)   Capital management
      The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
      –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
             requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion and
             strategic planning implementation for comprehensive and coordinated and sustainable growth;
      –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
             disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
             entire group;
      –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various
             risk-specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application
             regimes, strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate client
             pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency; and
      –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
             structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns to shareholders.
      The Group manages its capital structure and adjust it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
      of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
      issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
      debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under an approach regulated by
      CBIRC. The Group and the Bank file required information to CBIRC half-yearly and quarterly.
      The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
      calculation covers the Bank’s all branches. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
      scope of consolidated statements in respect of the capital adequacy ratio included: WLB, CMBICHC, CMBFLC and
      CMFM, etc.
262   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (e)   Capital management (continued)
            Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the CBIRC’s
            Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) and other relevant regulations. On 18 April 2014,
            the CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the advanced capital management approach. Within the scope of approval
            of the CBIRC, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the primary internal
            rating-based approach, retail risk exposure using the internal rating-based approach, market risk using the internal
            model approach, and operational risk using the standardised approach. At the same time, the CBIRC implemented
            a transition period for commercial banks approved to use the advanced approach to calculate capital. During the
            transition period, the commercial banks should use both the advanced approach and other approaches to calculate
            capital adequacy ratios, and comply with minimum capital requirements. During the period, the Group has complied
            with the capital requirement set by the regulators.
            The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
            ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resisting. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
            management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
            to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
            Group’s operating conditions.
            The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plans and manages its capital
            adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
            and risk movement trends.



      (f)   Use of derivatives
            Derivatives include forward, swap and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
            interest rate markets.
            The Group enters into interest rate, currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business and its
            assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivative financial instruments can be divided into trading
            derivative financial instruments, cash flow hedge financial instruments and derivative financial instruments managed
            in conjunction with financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss.
            The Group will choose appropriate hedging strategies and tools in light of the risk profile of interest rates or
            exchange rates of its assets and liabilities, as well as its analyses and judgement regarding future interest rates or
            exchange rate movements.
            The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Such risk
            can be offset through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts or foreign exchange option contracts.
            In cash flow hedge, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest cash flows
            arising from the RMB loans and interbank assets portfolios.
            The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair value of derivatives of
            the Group by residual maturity at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives indicate
            the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, not representing amounts at
            risk.
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                               263
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                     2018
                                                      Notional amounts with remaining life of                    Fair value
                                                        Between        Between
                                            Within     3 months           1 year   More than
                                          3 months    and 1 year     and 5 years     5 years          Total   Assets      Liabilities
      Derivatives at fair value
         through profit or loss
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                636,827    1,804,827      1,922,312         3,323     4,367,289   15,929          (14,748)
      Currency derivatives
        Forwards                             55,071       28,237            148        11,172        94,628    1,104             (867)
        Foreign exchange swaps              450,164      604,153          9,767             –     1,064,084   13,748          (12,551)
        Options                             185,109      253,869          5,377             –       444,355    2,766           (7,903)
      Subtotal                              690,344      886,259         15,292        11,172     1,603,067   17,618          (21,321)
      Other derivatives
        Equity options purchased              1,160             –        55,926               –     57,086      169                 –
        Equity options written                1,160             –        55,926               –     57,086        –              (169)
        Commodity trading                       121           171            11               –        303       69               (69)
        Credit default swap                       –           570           137               –        707        4                (1)
        Bond Forwards                           481           618           343               –      1,442      198              (198)
      Subtotal                                2,922          1,359      112,343               –    116,624      440              (437)
      Cash flow hedge derivatives
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                    52           2,103        6,864             339      9,358      118                (2)
      Derivatives managed in
         conjunction with financial
         instruments designated
         at fair value through
         profit or loss
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                   624            735         4,707               –      6,066      103               (62)
      Currency derivatives
         Foreign exchange swaps                   –          2,164          618               –      2,782       12                 –
      Subtotal                                 624           2,899        5,325               –      8,848      115               (62)
      Total                                                                                                   34,220          (36,570)

      There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedge during the year ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.
264   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                                         2017
                                                                     Notional amounts with remaining life of                                     Fair value
                                                                       Between          Between
                                                       Within         3 months        1 year and       More than
                                                     3 months        and 1 year          5 years         5 years              Total           Assets          Liabilities
            Derivatives held for trading
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                    309,254        1,254,997          487,858             5,682       2,057,791             2,197              (1,808)
            Currency derivatives
              Forwards                                 47,939           24,254             6,273            3,594          82,060             1,452             (1,595)
              Foreign exchange swaps                  372,129          460,552            15,532               58         848,271            12,438            (14,003)
              Options                                 149,618          185,538             1,793                –         336,949             2,234             (3,926)
            Subtotal                                  569,686          670,344            23,598            3,652       1,267,280            16,124            (19,524)
            Other derivatives
              Equity options purchased                       5              301           54,092                  –         54,398              322                   –
              Equity options written                       143              294           54,092                  –         54,529                –                (323)
            Subtotal                                       148              595         108,184                   –       108,927               322                (323)
            Cash flow hedge derivatives
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                       3,400            2,700            2,400                  –          8,500                 –                 (79)
            Derivatives managed in
               conjunction with financial
               instruments designated
               at fair value through
               profit or loss
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                         100            2,377            4,839                117          7,433                52                 (11)
            Currency derivatives
               Foreign exchange swaps                  18,730           13,459             5,791                524         38,504              221                (112)
            Subtotal                                   18,830           15,836            10,630                641         45,937              273                (123)
            Total                                                                                                                            18,916            (21,857)

            The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows. These amounts have taken the
            effects of bilateral netting arrangements into account.
                                                                                                                                  2018                           2017
            Credit risk weighted assets of counterparties
              Interest rate derivatives                                                                                            272                         1,190
              Currency derivatives                                                                                               7,728                         8,357
              Other derivatives                                                                                                  4,236                         3,467
            Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                                                    17,606                        18,836
            Total                                                                                                               29,842                        31,850

            Note:      The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the Administrative Measures on Capital of
                       Commercial Banks (Trial) issued by CBIRC, covering default risk weighted assets of counterparties and credit valuation adjustment risk weighted
                       assets. The amount within the scope approved by CBIRC in April 2014 was calculated using the internal rating-based approach, and the
                       risk-weighted approach is adopted to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based approach.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                265
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(g)   Fair value information
(i)   Financial instruments at fair value
      A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
      financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
      The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
      team that has responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including three levels of fair values,
      and reports directly to the person in charge of accounting affairs.
      The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
      information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the valuation team
      assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
      requirements of IFRSs, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which such valuation should be classified.
      When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
      Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
      techniques as follows.
      The following table presents the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the current
      reporting period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at each balance sheet date
      on a recurring basis. The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair
      value hierarchy of the lowest input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as
      follows:
      –      Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for
             identical assets or liabilities;
      –      Level 2 inputs: other than quoted prices included in level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly
             observable for underlying assets or liabilities inputs;
      –      Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for assets or liabilities.
      The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy in which they occur.
      The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
      assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
266   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             The table below analyses financial instruments without interests, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting
             period, by the level in the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                              2018
                                                                       Level 1          Level 2         Level 3            Total
             Assets
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                        10,237         108,682              746         119,665
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                 111               –                –             111
               – Equity investments                                        125              58            1,378           1,561
               – Investments in funds                                    2,004          14,514              336          16,854
               – Wealth management products                                  –               –            1,060           1,060
               – Non-standard assets -Bills                                  –         173,988                –         173,988
               – Others                                                      –           1,147               73           1,220
             Subtotal                                                  12,477          298,389            3,593         314,459
             Investments designated at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                         4,940           8,203               41           13,184
             Derivative financial assets                                    –           34,220                –          34,220
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                       –                –              403             403
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                78,551          336,140                –         414,691
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                      –          156,683           20,684         177,367
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                    1,475                –            2,540           4,015
             Total                                                     97,443          833,635           27,261         958,339
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading
                – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities         17,872                –                –          17,872
                – Short selling securities                               1,090                –                –           1,090
             Subtotal                                                  18,962                 –                –          18,962
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL
                – Precious metal contracts with other banks              9,663               –                –            9,663
                – Certificates of deposit issued                             –           2,619                –            2,619
                – Debt securities issued                                 9,977               –                –            9,977
                – Others                                                     –             365            2,514            2,879
             Subtotal                                                  19,640            2,984            2,514           25,138
             Derivative financial liabilities                               –           36,570                –           36,570
             Total                                                     38,602           39,554            2,514           80,670
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                        267
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
                                                                                        2017
                                                                  Level 1         Level 2          Level 3            Total
       Assets
       Financial assets held for trading
          – Debt securities                                       10,181          44,590                 –          54,771
          – Long position in precious metal contracts                211               –                 –             211
          – Equity investments                                        32               –                 –              32
          – Investments in funds                                       –             401                 –             401
       Subtotal                                                   10,424          44,991                 –          55,415
       Financial assets designated at fair value
          through profit or loss
          – Debt securities                                        4,886           4,495                 –           9,381
       Derivative financial assets                                     –          18,916                 –          18,916
       Available-for-sale financial assets
          – Debt securities                                       73,391         259,938                –         333,329
          – Equity investments                                     1,058             162            2,005           3,225
          – Investments in funds                                   1,905          44,481              161          46,547
       Subtotal                                                   76,354         304,581            2,166         383,101
       Total                                                      91,664         372,983            2,166         466,813
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading
          – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities         11,325                –                –          11,325
          – Short selling securities                                   –               64                –              64
       Subtotal                                                   11,325               64                –          11,389
       Financial liabilities designated at fair value
          through profit or loss
          – Precious metal contracts with other banks              7,688               –                 –           7,688
          – Certificates of deposit issued                             –           3,185                 –           3,185
          – Debt securities issued                                 4,239               –                 –           4,239
          – Others                                                     –             118                 –             118
       Subtotal                                                   11,927           3,303                 –          15,230
       Derivative financial liabilities                                –          21,857                 –          21,857
       Total                                                      23,252          25,224                 –          48,476

       During the year there were no significant transfers of financial instruments between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair
       value hierarchy.
268   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (1)   Basis of determining the market price for recurring fair value measurements categorised within
                   Level 1
                   Bloomberg’s quoted prices are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


             (2)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurement categorised within Level 2
                   Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China bond pricing system on the
                   valuation date is measured using the latest valuation results published by China bond pricing system.
                   Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market, is measured by using the
                   comprehensive valuations issued by Bloomberg, etc.
                   Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting
                   the differences between the contract prices and market prices of the foreign exchange forwards contracts.
                   The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the end of the reporting
                   period.
                   Fair value of foreign exchange options is measured using the Black-Scholes model, applying applicable foreign
                   exchange spot rates, foreign exchange yield curves and exchange rate volatilities. The above market data
                   used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Reuters and other market information
                   providers.
                   Fair value of interest rate swaps in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting the expected
                   receivable or payable amounts under the assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of
                   reporting date. The discount rates used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end
                   of reporting period.
                   Dealing price of the investment fund derived from the net asset values of the investment funds with reference
                   to observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the market price for recurring fair
                   value.
                   The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI in Mainland China is measured based on the
                   transaction interest rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group
                   uses 10-day average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted
                   bills. The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI outside Mainland China is measured by
                   discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as credit rating of
                   the loan customer provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of the loan, loan
                   currency and the issuer credit spread.
                   The fair value of non-standard bills at FVTPL in Mainland China is measured based on the transaction interest
                   rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group uses 10-day
                   average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills.
                   The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations issued by
                   Bloomberg.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               269
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 Quantitative information of Level 3
             fair value measurement is as below:
                                                      Fair value
                                                            as at
                                                   31 December
                                                            2018    Valuation techniques      Unobservable input
             Equity investments designated                 1,031    Market approach           Liquidity discount
               at FVTOCI
             Equity investments designated                 1,509    Net asset value           Book net assets,
               at FVTOCI                                              approach                  liquidity discount
             Loans and advances to                           403    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
               customers at FVTPL                                     approach                  actual trading conditions-
                                                                                                adjusted discount rate,
                                                                                                cash flow
             Loans and advances to                        20,684    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
               customers at FVTOCI                                    approach                  actual trading conditions-
                                                                                                adjusted discount rate,
                                                                                                cash flow
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                             746    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
               – Equity investments                        1,373    Market approach           Liquidity discount
               – Equity investments                            5    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
               – Investments in funds                        292    Market approach           Liquidity discount
               – Investments in funds                         44    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
               – Wealth management products                1,060    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
               – Others                                       15    Market approach           Liquidity discount
               – Others                                       58    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
             Investments designated at FVTPL                  41    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                      approach                  cash flow
             Financial liabilities designated              2,514    Net fund value approach   Book net assets, liquidity discount
                at FVTPL

                                                     Fair value
                                                          as at
                                                  31 December
                                                          2017      Valuation techniques      Unobservable input
             Unlisted available-for-sale                    779     Market comparison         Liquidity discount
               equity investments                                    approach
             Unlisted available-for-sale                    727     Market approach           Transaction of near delivery rate
               equity investments
             Unlisted available-for-sale                    499     Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
               equity investments                                                               cash flow
             Unlisted available-for-sale                    161     Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount rate,
               fund investments                                                                 cash flow
270   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 Quantitative information of Level 3
                   fair value measurement is as below (continued)
                   1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                             The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair
                             value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                        Financial     Loans and         Loans and           Equity     Available-
                                                                    assets at fair   advances to       advances to    investments        for-sale
                                                                   value through       customers         customers     designated       financial
                             Assets                                 profit or loss      at FVTPL         at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI          assets      Total
                             At 31 December 2017                                –              –                –               –          2,166       2,166
                             Adjustments under IFRS 9                       2,171              –           14,909           2,380         (2,166)     17,294
                             At 1 January 2018                              2,171              –           14,909           2,380              –      19,460
                             Profit or loss
                               – In profit or loss                            376             5                  –              –              N/A       381
                               – In other comprehensive income                  –             –                 26             86              N/A       112
                             Purchases                                      3,457           388             31,732            101              N/A    35,678
                             Transfer to Level 3                              279             –                  –              –              N/A       279
                             Disposals or settlement on maturity           (2,349)            –            (25,983)             –              N/A   (28,332)
                             Exchange difference                             (300)           10                  –            (27)             N/A      (317)
                             At 31 December 2018                            3,634           403             20,684          2,540              N/A    27,261
                             Total unrealised gains and losses
                               included in the consolidated
                               statement of profit or loss for
                               assets held at the end of the
                               reporting period                               376             5                  –              –              N/A      381

                                                                                        Tradable
                                                                                        financial                           Available- for-
                                                                                     assets-debt       Derivative            sale financial
                             Assets                                                    securities financial assets                   assets           Total
                             At 1 January 2017                                                     –                  –              1,873           1,873
                             Profit or loss
                               – In profit or loss                                                 –                  –                 (4)             (4)
                               – In other comprehensive income                                     –                  –                (67)            (67)
                             Purchases                                                             –                  –              1,618           1,618
                             Disposals and settlement on
                               maturity                                                            –                  –              (1,186)         (1,186)
                             Exchange difference                                                   –                  –                 (68)            (68)
                             At 31 December 2017                                                   –                  –               2,166           2,166
                             Total unrealised gains and losses
                               included in the consolidated
                               statement of profit or loss for
                               assets held at the end of the
                               reporting period                                                    –                  –                  (4)             (4)
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                            271
Annual Report 2018



61. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 Quantitative information of Level 3
             fair value measurement is as below: (continued)
             1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                                   liabilities
                                                                                                               at fair value
                                                                                                             through profit
                       Liabilities                                                                                    or loss
                       At 1 January 2018                                                                                   –
                       In profit or loss                                                                                 251
                       Issues                                                                                          2,263
                       Disposals and settlement on maturity                                                                –
                       At 31 December 2018                                                                             2,514
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated statement of
                          profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                         251
                       At 1 January 2017                                                                                    –
                       In profit or loss                                                                                    –
                       Issues                                                                                               –
                       Disposals and settlement on maturity                                                                 –
                       At 31 December 2017                                                                                  –
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated statement of
                          profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                            –



             2)        Transfers between level 1 and level 2 for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on an
                       on-going basis, the reasons for these transfers and the policy for determining when transfers between
                       level 1 and level 2 are deemed
                       During the year ended 31 December 2018, there were no significant transfers between different levels
                       for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on an on-going basis.


             3)        Changes in valuation technique and the reasons for making the changes
                       During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has not changed the valuation technique of the
                       above financial assets which are measured at fair value on an on-going basis.
272   China Merchants Bank                  IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      61. Risk management (continued)
      (g)     Fair value information (continued)
      (iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
              (1)    Financial Assets
                     The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include cash, balances with central
                     banks, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale
                     agreements, loans and advances to customers and investments.
                     Except for loans and advances and held-to-maturity investments, most of the financial assets will mature
                     within 1 year, and their carrying value approximate their fair value. Loans and advances are stated at
                     amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22). Loans and advances are mostly priced at
                     floating rates close to the PBOC rates and repriced at market rates at least annually, and impairment
                     allowance is made to reduce the carrying amount of impaired loans to estimate the recoverable amount.
                     Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to the fair value.
                     Debt investments at amortised cost are stated at amortised costs less impairment, and the fair value of listed
                     debt securities classified as held-to-maturity investments are disclosed in Note 24(b) and 24(f).
                     The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of held-to-maturity investments not measured or
                     disclosed at fair value are listed as below ：
                     The fair value measurements for Level 1 are based on quoted price in active market, for example, released
                     by Bloomberg. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China bond pricing system are used to
                     measure fair value of bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds
                     without active quoted price, which are measured by Bloomberg comprehensive valuation. The Level 3 adopts
                     expected cash flow valuation technique to measure fair value.
                                                                                 2018                                                      2017
                                                            Carrying      Fair                                  Carrying          Fair
                                                             amount      value   Level 1    Level 2   Level 3    amount          value    Level 1   Level 2     Level 3
                     Debt investments at amortised cost      903,268   925,363    4,777     663,110   257,476       N/A            N/A        N/A       N/A        N/A
                     Held-to-maturity investments                N/A       N/A      N/A         N/A       N/A   558,218        542,664      2,967   539,697          –



              (2)    Financial Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due to banks and other financial
                     institutions, sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities issued by the Group. The carrying value
                     of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the reporting period of the year presented,
                     except the financial liabilities set out below:
                                                                                                                2018
                                                                         Carrying
                                                                          amount           Fair value            Level 1                 Level 2              Level 3
                     Subordinated notes issued                             45,714             46,191                       –              46,191                     –
                     Long-term debt securities issued                     104,483            104,712                       –             104,712                     –
                     Total                                                150,197            150,903                       –             150,903                     –

                                                                                                                2017
                                                                          Carrying
                                                                          amount            Fair value            Level 1                 Level 2             Level 3
                     Subordinated notes issued                              33,977             33,945                      –              33,945                     –
                     Long-term debt securities issued                       63,376             63,224                      –              63,224                     –
                     Total                                                  97,353             97,169                      –              97,169                     –
China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                      273
Annual Report 2018



62. Material related-party transactions
(a)   Material connected person information
      The Bank’s main shareholders and its parent company and the Bank’s subsidiaries.
                                                                                No. of     Proportion       Proportion
                                                                             Shares of         of the            of the
                                                                             the Bank       Bank held        Company                                          The
                                   Registered              Issued and      held by the         by the           held by                                       relationship                               Legal
      Company name                 location         fully paid capital       Company         Company          the Bank    Business                            with the Bank        Legal form            representative
      China Merchants Group (CMG) Beijing           RMB16,700 million    7,559,427,375 29.97% (note                  –    Transportation, shipping agency, The largest        Limited company            Li Jianhong
                                                                                             (i)(viii))                      warehousing and storage,          shareholder’s
                                                                                                                             leasing, manufacturing            parent company
                                                                                                                             building and facility, repair and
                                                                                                                             contracting, sales operating
                                                                                                                             management service, etc.

      China Merchants Steam        Beijing          RMB7,000 million 3,289,470,337 13.04% (note                      –    Transportation, building and     The largest             Limited company       Li Jianhong
         Navigation Co., Ltd.                                                               (ii))                            repair, procurement, supply       shareholder
         (CMSNCL)                                                                                                            chain management and
                                                                                                                             distribution, shipping agency
                                                                                                                             services, etc.

      Shenzhen Yan Qing         Shenzhen              RMB600 million 1,258,542,349              4.99%                –    Invest and set up industries,       Shareholder          Limited company       Xu Xin
         Investment Development                                                                                              domestic commerce,
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                           materials supply and
                                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.

      Shenzhen Chu Yuan            Shenzhen           RMB600 million      944,013,171           3.74%                –    Invest and set up industries,       Shareholder          Limited company       Xu Xin
         Investment and                                                                                                      domestic commerce,
         Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                               materials supply and
                                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.

      China Merchants Finance      Shenzhen           RMB600 million 1,147,377,415              4.55%                –    Invest and set up industries,       Shareholder          Limited company       Hong Xiaoyuan
         Investment Holdings                                                                                                 domestic commerce,
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          materials supply and
                                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.

      Best Winner Investment       British Virgin    USD0.05 million      386,924,063           1.53%                –    –                                   Shareholder          Joint stock limited   –
          Co., Ltd.                  Islands                                                                                                                                           company

      China Merchants Union (BVI) British Virgin     USD0.06 million      477,903,500           1.89%                –    –                                   Shareholder          Limited company       –
         Limited                    Islands

      China Merchants Industry Shenzhen                USD10 million       55,196,540           0.22%                –    Invest and set up industries,       Shareholder          Limited company       Wang Xiaoding
         Development (Shenzhen)                                                                                              enterprise management
         Limited                                                                                                             consulting and investment
                                                                                                                             consulting, etc.

      Anbang Insurance Group       Beijing          RMB61,900 million    2,934,094,716         11.63%                –    Investing and establishing         Shareholder’s parent Joint stock limited    He Xiaofeng
         Co., Ltd                                                                             (note(iii))                    insurance companies,                company              company
                                                                                                                             supervising and managing
                                                                                                                             various domestic and
                                                                                                                             international businesses of
                                                                                                                             holding investment enterprises,
                                                                                                                             and investment business
                                                                                                                             permitted by national laws and
                                                                                                                             regulations, etc.
274   China Merchants Bank                        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                                 No. of   Proportion     Proportion
                                                                              Shares of       of the          of the
                                                                              the Bank     Bank held      Company                                       The
                                       Registered            Issued and     held by the       by the         held by                                    relationship                          Legal
            Company name               location       fully paid capital      Company       Company        the Bank    Business                         with the Bank   Legal form            representative
            Anbang Property & Casualty Shenzhen            RMB37,000       416,196,445        1.65%               –    Property damage insurance,      Shareholder      Joint stock limited   He Xiaofeng
               Insurance Co., Ltd.                            million                                                     liability insurance, credit                       company
                                                                                                                          insurance and guarantee
                                                                                                                          insurance, short-term health
                                                                                                                          insurance and accident
                                                                                                                          insurance, etc.

            Anbang Life Insurance      Beijing             RMB30,790 1,258,949,100            4.99%               –    Life insurance, health insurance, Shareholder    Joint stock limited   He Xiaofeng
               Co.,Ltd                                        million                                                     accident insurance, and                           company
                                                                                                                          other personal insurance
                                                                                                                          services, etc.

            Hexie Health Insurance     Chengdu             RMB13,900 1,258,949,171            4.99%               –    Various RMB and foreign          Shareholder     Joint stock limited   Gu Hongmei
               Co.,Ltd                                        million                                                    currency health insurance                          company
                                                                                                                         business, accidental
                                                                                                                         injury insurance business,
                                                                                                                         supporting the national
                                                                                                                         medical security policy,
                                                                                                                         and health insurance
                                                                                                                         business entrusted by the
                                                                                                                         government, etc.

            China COSCO Shipping       Beijing             RMB11,000 2,515,193,034            9.97%               –    International shipping business, Shareholder’s   Limited company       Xu Lirong
               Corporation Limited.                           million                       (note(iv))                    import and export of goods        parent
                                                                                                                          and technology, etc.              company

            China Ocean Shipping       Beijing             RMB16,191 1,574,729,111            6.24%               –    Transportation business,         Shareholder     Limited company       Xu Lirong
               Co., Ltd.                                      million                                                     shipping space booking,
                                                                                                                          time charter, voyage charter,
                                                                                                                          leasing, constructing and
                                                                                                                          trading ships, etc.

            China COSCO Shipping       Guangzhou      RMB3.191 million     696,450,214        2.76%               –    Shipping business                Shareholder     Limited company       Shou Jian
               (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.

            Guangzhou Haining Maritime Guangzhou          RMB2 million     103,552,616        0.41%               –    Business services                Shareholder     Limited company       Huang Biao
               Technology Service
               Co., Ltd.

            China COSCO Shipping       Shanghai       RMB1,399 million      75,617,340        0.30%               –    Shipping business, leasing       Shareholder     Limited company       Zhao Bangtao
               (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                                      business, ship repairing and
                                                                                                                         building etc.

            China COSCO Shipping       Hong Kong       HKD500 million       54,721,930        0.22%               –    Leasing business, financing    Shareholder       Limited company       –
               Financial Holdings                                                                                        business, insurance business
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 etc.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                      275
Annual Report 2018



62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                             No. of   Proportion     Proportion
                                                                          Shares of       of the          of the
                                                                          the Bank     Bank held      Company                                       The
                                  Registered             Issued and     held by the       by the         held by                                    relationship                          Legal
      Company name                location        fully paid capital      Company       Company        the Bank    Business                         with the Bank   Legal form            representative
      Shenzhen Tri-Dynas Oil &    Shenzhen         RMB299 million       10,121,823        0.04%               –    Ship purchasing and marketing Shareholder        Limited company       Ren Zhaoping
         Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                          business, shipping agency,
                                                                                                                     leasing business, shipping
                                                                                                                     business etc.

      China Communications      Beijing           RMB5,855 million     571,845,625        2.27%               –    General contraction for          Shareholder’s   Limited company       Liu Qitao
         Construction Group LTD                                                         (note(vi))                   construction                       parent
                                                                                                                                                        company

      China Communications        Beijing              RMB16,175       450,164,945        1.78%               –    General contraction for         Shareholder      Joint stock limited   Liu Qitao
         Construction Co., Ltd                            million                                                    construction, leasing and                          company
                                                                                                                     repair, technical consulting
                                                                                                                     service, imports and exports,
                                                                                                                     investment and management
                                                                                                                     business

      Shanghai Automotive Industry Shanghai            RMB21,599       310,125,822       1.23%                –    Production and sale of vehicles, Shareholder’s   Limited company       Chen Hong
         Corporation (Group)                              million                      (note(vii))                    asset management business,        parent
                                                                                                                      domestic trade business,          company
                                                                                                                      consulting service

      SAIC Motor Corporation      Shanghai             RMB11,683       310,125,822        1.23%               –    Production and sale of vehicles, Shareholder     Joint stock limited   Chen Hong
          Limited                                         million                                                     consulting service, imports                       company
                                                                                                                      and exports

      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. Qin Huangdao RMB8,000 million         305,434,127        1.21%               –    Port construction and            Shareholder     Limited company       Cao Ziyu
                                                                                        (note(v))                    investment management,
                                                                                                                     port leasing and
                                                                                                                     maintenance business,
                                                                                                                     handling and warehousing
                                                                                                                     business etc.

      CMB International Capital   Hong Kong       HKD4,129 million               –              –        100% Financial advisory services           Subsidiary      Limited company       Tian Huiyu
        Holdings Corporation
        Limited (CMBICHC)

      CMB Financial Leasing       Shanghai        RMB6,000 million               –              –        100% Finance lease                         Subsidiary      Limited company       Shi Shunhua
        Company Limited
        (CMBFLC)

      CMB Wing Lung Bank          Hong Kong       HKD1,161 million               –              –        100% Banking                               Subsidiary      Limited company       Tian Huiyu
        Limited (WLB)

      China Merchants Fund        Shenzhen        RMB1,310 million               –              –          55%     Asset Management                 Subsidiary      Limited company       Li Hao
         Management Co., Ltd.
         (CMFM)
276   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
            Notes:

            (i)      CMG holds 29.97% of the Bank (2017: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (ii)     As the largest shareholder, CMSNCL who is the subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2018 (2017: 13.04%).

            (iii)    Anbang Insurance Group Company Ltd. (“AIGC”) holds 11.63% of the Bank (2017:11.63%) through its subsidiary.

            (iv)     China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2017: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (v)      Hebei Port Group Company Ltd. directly holds 1.21% of the Bank (2017: 1.21%).

            (vi)     China Communications Construction Group LTD (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 2.27% of the bank through its
                     subsidiaries (2017: 2.27%).

            (vii)    Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the bank through its subsidiary
                     (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2017 ： 1.71%).

            (viii)   The sum of the direct ratio of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the above-mentioned relevant numbers may differ slightly in the mantissa
                     due to rounding.

            The information of registered capital of the related parties as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 is as below:
            Name of related party                                                                                   2018                                 2017
            CMG                                                                                 RMB16,700,000,000                    RMB13,750,000,000
            CMSNCL                                                                               RMB7,000,000,000                     RMB5,900,000,000
            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment Development Co., Ltd.                                    RMB600,000,000                       RMB600,000,000
            Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and
              Development Company Ltd.                                                               RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                    RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                  USD50,000                           USD50,000
            China Merchants Union (BVI)Ltd.                                                              USD60,000                           USD60,000
            China Merchants Industry Development
              (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                                 USD10,000,000                        USD10,000,000
            Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd                                                     RMB61,900,000,000                    RMB61,900,000,000
            Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.                                      RMB37,000,000,000                    RMB37,000,000,000
            Hexie Health Insurance Co.,Ltd                                                      RMB13,900,000,000                     RMB8,900,000,000
            Anbang Life Insurance Co.,Ltd                                                       RMB30,790,000,000                    RMB30,790,000,000
            China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.                                           RMB11,000,000,000                    RMB11,000,000,000
            China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                      RMB16,191,351,300                    RMB16,191,351,300
            China COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                           RMB3,191,200,000                     RMB3,191,200,000
            Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Service Co., Ltd.                                 RMB2,000,000                         RMB2,000,000
            China COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                            RMB1,398,941,000                     RMB1,398,941,000
            China COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                     HKD500,000,000                       HKD500,000,000
            Shenzhen Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                           RMB299,020,000                       RMB299,020,000
            China Communications Construction Group LTD                                          RMB5,855,423,830                     RMB5,855,423,830
            China Communications Construction Co., Ltd                                          RMB16,174,735,425                    RMB16,174,735,425
            Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                    RMB21,599,175,737                    RMB21,599,175,737
            SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                      RMB11,683,461,365                    RMB11,683,461,365
            Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                           RMB8,000,000,000                     RMB8,000,000,000
            CMBICHC                                                                              HKD4,129,000,000                     HKD4,129,000,000
            CMBFLC                                                                               RMB6,000,000,000                     RMB6,000,000,000
            WLB                                                                                  HKD1,160,950,575                     HKD1,160,950,575
            CMFM                                                                                 RMB1,310,000,000                     RMB1,310,000,000
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                          277
Annual Report 2018



62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
      The change of proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries
      held by the Bank
                            The Bank held by the
                             largest shareholder                                         The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                   CMSNCL                     CMBICHC                   CMBFLC                          WLB                      CMFM
                                    RMB             %           HKD         %            RMB           %                HKD           %          RMB         %
      At 1 January 2018     3,289,470,337     13.04     4,129,000,000   100.00   6,000,000,000    100.00      1,160,950,575     100.00     720,500,000    55.00
      Change                            –         –                 –        –               –         –                  –          –               –        –
      At 31 December 2018   3,289,470,337     13.04     4,129,000,000   100.00   6,000,000,000    100.00      1,160,950,575     100.00     720,500,000    55.00



                             The Bank held by the
                              largest shareholder                                          The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                   CMSNCL                     CMBICHC                   CMBFLC                          WLB                      CMFM
                                     RMB            %            HKD        %             RMB          %                 HKD          %           RMB        %
      At 1 January 2017     3,289,470,337     13.04     4,129,000,000   100.00   6,000,000,000    100.00      1,160,950,575     100.00     115,500,000    55.00
      Change                            –         –                 –        –               –         –                  –          –     605,000,000        –
      At 31 December 2017   3,289,470,337     13.04     4,129,000,000   100.00   6,000,000,000    100.00      1,160,950,575     100.00     720,500,000    55.00



(b)   Transaction terms and conditions
      In each year, the Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business
      including lending, investment, deposit, securities trading, agency services, trust services, and off-balance sheet
      transactions. The opinion of the directors is that the Group’s material related-party transactions were all entered into
      normal commercial terms. The banking transactions were priced at the market rates at each time of transaction.
      Interest rates on loans and deposits are required to be set in accordance with the following benchmark rates set by
      the PBOC:
                                                                                                                               2018                      2017
      Short-term loans                                                                                              4.35%                          4.35%
      Medium to long-term loans                                                                            4.75% to 4.90%                 4.75% to 4.90%
      Demand deposits                                                                                               0.35%                          0.35%
      Time deposits                                                                                        1.10% to 2.75%                 1.10% to 2.75%

      There were no credit impaired loans and advances granted to related parties during the year.
278   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (c)   Shareholders and their related companies
            The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG holds 29.97% (2017: 29.97%) shares of the Bank through its subsidiaries as at
            31 December 2018 (among them 13.04% shares is held by CMSNCL (2017: 13.04%)). The Group’s transactions and
            balances with CMSNCL and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                                  2018                 2017
            On-balance sheet:
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                  12,151               11,122
             – Investments                                                                       4,526                5,109
             – Deposits from customers                                                          59,156               53,686
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                           1,868                1,489
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                      434                   91
              – Bills of acceptances                                                               146                   36
              – Factoring                                                                          161                    –
            Interest income                                                                        718                  707
            Interest expense                                                                       728                  758
            Net fee and commission income                                                          398                  404
            Operating expenses                                                                     (47)                 (31)
            Other net income                                                                         3                   34



      (d)   Companies controlled by or be significantly influenced by or appointed
            common directors, senior management and/or Supervisors of the Bank other
            than those under Note 62(c) above
                                                                                                  2018                 2017
            On-balance sheet:
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                  13,489                6,955
             – Investments                                                                       3,549                1,063
             – Deposits from customers                                                          32,269               25,327
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                           5,017                  673
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                       97                    –
              – Bills of acceptances                                                             2,056                    –
              – Factoring                                                                        1,628                    –
            Interest income                                                                        672                  536
            Interest expense                                                                       470                  634
            Net fee and commission income                                                          562                  700
            Operating expenses                                                                  (1,436)              (1,178)
            Other net income                                                                       (87)                  22
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                   279
Annual Report 2018



62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(e)   Associates and joint ventures other than those under Note 62(c) above
                                                                 2018          2017
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                         2,748         2,665
       – Deposits from customers                                 1,696           902
       – Placements                                              9,500         2,700
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                 8,701         8,700
      Interest income                                               11           37
      Interest expense                                              17           16
      Net fee and commission income                              1,123          928
      Operating expenses                                            10           11
      Other net income                                               –            1



(f)   Other shareholders holding more than 5% shares
                                                                 2018          2017
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                        22,306         5,848
       – Investments                                               934           200
       – Deposits from customers                                27,601        13,880
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                16,144         5,898
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                             30             –
        – Bills of acceptances                                     360             –
        – Factoring                                                 11             –
      Interest income                                              267           43
      Interest expense                                             971          274
      Net fee and commission income                              1,360          905
      Other net income                                              55           13
280   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      62. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (g)   Subsidiaries
                                                                                                         2018                  2017
            On-balance sheet
             – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                     2,545                 1,078
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                  25,689                25,782
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                          3,237                 2,196
             – Investments                                                                              1,142                 1,330
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                    12,859                 7,973
             – Deposits from customers                                                                  1,036                 2,835
            Off-balance sheet
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                                  3,433                  3,256
              – Bills of acceptances                                                                      573                      –
            Interest income                                                                                91                    699
            Interest expense                                                                              413                    800
            Net fee and commission                                                                      1,419                  1,596
            Operating expenses                                                                             13                     12
            Other net income                                                                                1                     16

            All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
            consolidated financial statements.



      (h)   Key management personnel
            Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
            controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, Supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                       2018                   2017
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
            Salaries and other emoluments                                                              51,472                47,557
            Discretionary bonuses (Note 11(i))                                                              –                     –
            Share-based payment                                                                        29,444                46,494
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                    1,312                 5,543
            Total                                                                                      82,228                99,594

            The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
            40(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured by
            using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(17); and the amounts have
            been charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options
            may expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual
            cash flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)   Annuity scheme
            Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
            other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
            2018 and 31 December 2017.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                            281
Annual Report 2018



63. Non-controlling interests
      Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries. As CMFM’s
      net assets and net profit are not material to the Group, there is no subsidiary of the Group which has material
      non-controlling interests during the reporting period.



(a)   Perpetual debt capital
      The perpetual debt capital is issued by the bank’s subsidiary, WLB, on 27 April 2017, with the aggregate nominal
      amount is USD170 million as follows:
                                                                        Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
      At 1 January 2018                                                    1,170                      –                 1,170
      Distributions in 2018                                                    –                     64                    64
      Paid in 2018                                                             –                    (64)                  (64)
      Exchange difference                                                    (12)                     –                   (12)
      At 31 December 2018                                                  1,158                      –                 1,158

      There is no maturity of the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of the
      issuers. Cancelled interest is not cumulative. There is no obligation of contract that deliver the cash payment to
      other parties. WLB declared and paid distributions at 5.2% set on the contract items of perpetual debt capital in
      2018.

64. Transfers of financial assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
      to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full or partial
      derecognition of the financial assets concerned. In other cases where the transferred assets do not qualify for
      derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continued
      to recognize the transferred assets.


      Securitisation of credit assets
      The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
      to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. Except for those finance leases
      receivable mentioned below, during the year 2018 the Group has transferred the ownership of the loans amounted
      to RMB45,071 million (2017: RMB73,698 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of the loans have
      been transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.
      As the underlying assets, certain finance leases receivable did not meet the criteria of derecognition, the Group did
      not derecognize such finance leases receivable, the consideration received was recognised as financial liabilities.
      As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of such transferred but not derecognised finance leases receivable
      amounted to RMB1,415 million (31 December 2017: RMB3,668 million) and correspondently the carrying amount of
      recognised financial liabilities is RMB706 million (31 December 2017: RMB2,439 million).


      Transactions of credit assets
      During the year 2018, the Group has transferred credit assets to third party institutions directly amounted to
      RMB79,544 million (2017: RMB46,338 million); RMB77,607 million of these transferred credit assets are transferred
      to structured entities (2017: RMB45,817 million). The Group carried out an assessment based on the criteria as
      detailed in Note 4(5), and concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-recognition.


      Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills
      held by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and debt securities lent to counterparties under
      securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under
      agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at
      the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances
      require or be required to pay additional cash collateral. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the
      risks and rewards of these securities and therefore has not derecognised them. In addition, it recognises a financial
      liability for cash received as collateral.
282   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      65. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
      (a)   Interest in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
            The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third party institutions through investments in
            the notes issued by these structured entities. Such structured entities include wealth management products, asset
            management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets backed securities and investments in funds, and the Group
            does not consolidate these structured entities. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate
            income from managing assets on behalf of investors and are financed through the issue of notes to investors.
            The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
            2018 and 31 December 2017 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions and an analysis of the
            line items in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 in which assets are
            recognised relating to the Group’s interests in structured entities sponsored by third parties:
                                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                                                 Carrying amount
                                                             Financial             Debt
                                                         assets at fair     investments               Debt
                                                        value through      at amortised        investments                         Maximum
                                                         profit or loss             cost         at FVTOCI              Total      exposure
            Asset management schemes                            96,204          151,481                   –           247,685       247,685
            Trust beneficiary rights                                 –           82,457                   –            82,457        82,457
            Asset backed securities                              1,469              855               1,214             3,538         3,538
            Investment in funds                                 16,854                –                   –            16,854        16,854
            Total                                             114,527           234,793               1,214           350,534       350,534

                                                                                   31 December 2017
                                                                             Carrying amount
                                           Amounts                        Available-                          Debt
                                          held under        Financial       for-sale       Held-to-      securities
                                               resale     assets held      financial       maturity   classified as                Maximum
                                         agreements       for trading         assets   investments     receivables         Total   exposure
            Wealth management products             –               –             –               –             –              –           –
            Asset management schemes           1,048               –             –               –       446,603        447,651     447,651
            Trust beneficiary rights               –               –             –               –        93,993         93,993      93,993
            Asset backed securities                –               –         3,437             563         4,427          8,427       8,427
            Investment in funds                    –             401        21,051               –             –         21,452      21,452
            Total                              1,048             401        24,488             563       545,023        571,523     571,523

            The maximum exposures held by the Group in the subordinated tranches of assets backed securities, investments
            in funds, the wealth management products, asset management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, senior tranches of
            assets backed securities are the carrying amount of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date in accordance
            with the line items of these assets recognised in the statement of financial positions.



      (b)   Interest in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
            The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal- guaranteed wealth
            management products, funds and asset management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
            are to generate income from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
            the issue of investment products to investors. Interest held by the Group includes fees charged on management
            services provided.
            As at 31 December 2018, the amount of the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management
            products, which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB2,052,183 million (31 December 2017: RMB2,177,856 million).
            As at 31 December 2018, the amount of the unconsolidated mutual funds, which are sponsored by the Group, is
            RMB382,772 million (31 December 2017: RMB392,292 million).
            As at 31 December 2018, the amount of the unconsolidated asset management schemes, which are sponsored by
            the Group, is RMB271,239 million (31 December 2017: RMB264,591 million).
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            283
Annual Report 2018



65. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
(b)   Interest in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
      (continued)
      As at 31 December 2018, the balance of amounts held under resale agreements and placement with banks and
      other financial institutions between the Group and its non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products,
      which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB87,903 million (31 December 2017: RMB201,641 million) and RMB60,591
      million (31 December 2017: RMB9,013 million) respectively. The above transactions were made in accordance with
      normal business terms and conditions.
      During year ended 31 December 2018, the amount of fee and commission income received from such category
      of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products by the Group is RMB8,972 million (2017: RMB14,000
      million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the amount of management fee income received from the unconsolidated
      mutual funds by the Group is RMB1,448 million (2017: RMB1,533 million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the amount of management fee income received from the unconsolidated
      asset management schemes by the Group is RMB762 million (2017: RMB1,027 million).
      The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued by the Group after 1 January
      2018 with a maturity date before 31 December 2018 was RMB3,008,657 million (2017: RMB3,289,090 million).



66. Non-adjusting events after the reporting period
      On 11 March 2019, the Bank redeemed its subordinated debt of RMB3,800 million issued on 11 March 2016.
      Up to the date of approval of the financial report, the Group has no other material events that require disclosure in
      or adjustments of the financial report after 31 December 2018.



67. Comparative figures
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group divided industry sector and category according to the newly
      revised “Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities” (GB/T 4754-2017) standards issued by the
      General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the People’s Republic of China and the
      Standardization Administration of the People’s Republic of China in note 22(b) and has restated the corresponding
      comparative figures.
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group reclassified the profit or loss related to precious metal to from
      “investment income” to “Profit (loss) from fair value change” in the note 9, and has restated the corresponding
      comparative figures.
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, funds received from customers under wealth management services
      in note 60(b) are the funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
      management services, and has restated the corresponding comparative figures.
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group reclassified the joint venture Hong Kong Life Insurance Limited
      from assets held for sale under other assets to investment in the joint ventures due to the termination of the sale
      transaction, and has restated the corresponding comparative figures.
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, in note 8, the Group reclassified finance lease fee reclassified from
      “Others” to “Commissions from credit commitment and lending business”, reclassified cross-border financing
      business services fee from “Remittance and settlement fees” to “Commissions from credit commitment and lending
      business”, reclassified subsidiary fund management fee from “Agency services fees” and “Others” to “Commissions
      on trust and fiduciary activities”. The comparative figures has restated respectively.
284   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




      (A) Capital adequacy ratio
               The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on
               the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The bases used herein may
               differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
               In accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
               calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                                         2018                  2017
               Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                    11.78%                12.06%
               Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                         12.62%                13.02%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                15.68%                15.48%
               Components of capital base
               Core tier-1 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                                  25,220                25,220
                 Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                                67,149                63,272
                 Surplus reserves                                                                                                     53,648                46,131
                 Regulatory general reserve                                                                                           78,543                70,907
                 Retained profits                                                                                                    272,510               239,560
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                         207                   208
                 Others (note (i))                                                                                                     6,858                  (817)
               Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                             504,135               444,481
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                                          21,795               18,792
               Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                               482,340               425,689
               Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                                   34,093               34,093
               Net tier-1 capital                                                                                                    516,433               459,782
               Tier-2 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                                    43,000               30,000
                 Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                                82,393               54,586
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                           55                2,166
               Total tier-2 capital                                                                                                  125,448                86,752
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                                  –                    –
               Net tier-2 capital                                                                                                    125,448                86,752
               Net capital                                                                                                           641,881               546,534
               Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                         4,092,890             3,530,745

               Notes:

               (i)    :   Others represent exchange reserve of foreign currency consolidated financial statements under CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital
                          of Commercial Banks (Trial).

               (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes qualifying portion of non-controlling interests, preferred shares and etc.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                          285
Annual Report 2018



(A) Capital adequacy ratio (continued)
      In 2018, in accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Bank
      calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.39%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.25%, capital adequacy
      ratio is 15.52%, net capital is RMB573,466 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB3,694,893 million.
      In 2018, by the method of calculating credit risk using the risk-weighted approach, market risk using the
      standardised approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital
      adequacy ratio is 10.31%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.04%, capital adequacy ratio is 13.06%, net capital is
      RMB611,025 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB4,677,967 million.
      In 2018, by the method of calculating credit risk using the risk-weighted approach, market risk using the
      standardised approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital
      adequacy ratio is 9.82%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 10.55%, capital adequacy ratio is 12.66%, net capital is
      RMB542,610 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB4,286,653 million.



(B) Leverage ratio
      In accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) issued in
      2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio and relevant components were as follows. The basis
      used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
      Summary comparison of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposure measure:
                                                                                              2018                 2017
      Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                    6,745,729            6,297,638
      Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
        commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes
        but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                   (9,608)              (6,304)
      Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                           –                    –
      Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                       8,744               30,435
      Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                      34,953               28,849
      Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                             1,054,031              977,930
      Other adjustments                                                                    (21,795)             (18,792)
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                  7,812,054            7,309,756
286   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (B) Leverage ratio (continued)
            Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                                      2018                  2017
            On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and
              securities financing transactions (SFT))                                           6,502,515            6,019,868
            Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1 capital                   (21,795)             (18,792)
            Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets
              (excluding derivatives and SFTs)                                                   6,480,720            6,001,076
            Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions
              (net of eligible cash variation margin)                                               17,420                 18,088
            Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated
              with all derivatives transactions                                                     24,590                 29,748
            Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted
              from the balance sheet assets                                                               –                     –
            Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin
              provided in derivatives transactions                                                        –                     –
            Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade exposures                     –                     –
            Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                                    954                  1,515
            Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit derivatives                  –                      –
            Total derivative exposures                                                              42,964                 49,351
            Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting),
              after adjusting for sale accounting transactions                                    199,386                 252,550
            Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and
              cash receivables of gross SFT assets                                                        –                     –
            Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                        34,953                 28,849
            Agent transaction exposures                                                                  –                      –
            Total securities financing transaction exposures                                      234,339                 281,399
            Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                                  1,964,539            1,754,836
            Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                         (910,508)            (776,906)
            Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                         1,054,031                977,930
            Net tier-1 capital                                                                     516,433                459,782
            Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                    7,812,054            7,309,756
            Leverage ratio                                                                          6.61%                  6.29%
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                                        287
Annual Report 2018



(C) Liquidity coverage ratio
      In accordance with CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Commercial Banks effective on
      31 December 2015, the Group’s liquidity coverage ratio and relevant components were as follows. The basis used
      herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries. For the quarter ended 31 December 2018,
      the Group’s liquidity coverage ratio was as follows:
                                                                    Quarter ended 31 December 2018                   Quarter ended 31 December 2017
                                                                       Unweighted                Weighted               Unweighted                 Weighted
                                                                           amount                 amount                    amount                  amount
                                                                    (Average value)        (Average value)           (Average value)         (Average value)
      High quality liquid assets
        Total high quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                     745,738                                          596,666
      Cash outflows
        Retail deposits and small business funding,
        of which:
         – Stable deposits                                                   358,911                  17,946                 322,474                  16,124
         – Less stable deposits                                            1,234,633                 123,463               1,154,427                 115,443
        Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:
         – Business relations deposits (excluding
          correspondent banks operations)                                  1,649,778                 411,011               1,636,910                 406,679
         – Non-business relations deposits
          (including all the counterparties)                               1,199,128                 616,297               1,192,084                 647,894
         – Liabilities and obligations arising from
          unsecured funding                                                    15,738                  15,738                  63,258                    63,258
        – Secured funding                                                                             13,954                                             42,401
        Additional requirements, of which:
         – Cash outflows arising from derivative
           contracts and other transactions arising
          from related collateral requirements                                318,937                318,937                   52,145                    52,134
         – Cash outflows arising from secured debt
          instruments funding                                                         –                       –                       –                       –
         – Committed credit facilities and
          committed liquidity facilities                                     898,776                   49,820                743,527                     42,699
        Other contractual lending obligations                                 34,114                   34,114                 19,230                     19,230
        Other contingent funding obligations                               4,376,071                   76,864              2,668,869                     18,562
      Total cash outflows                                                                          1,678,144                                       1,424,424
      Cash inflows
        Secured lending transactions (including
         reverse repurchase agreements and
        securities borrowed)                                                  241,925                241,902                 175,291                 175,291
        Cash inflows from fully honoured payments                             902,066                617,257                 868,522                 611,834
        Other cash inflows                                                    303,041                302,573                  53,418                  51,686
      Total cash inflows                                                                           1,161,732                                         838,811

                                                                                          Adjusted value                                    Adjusted value
      TOTAL HQLA                                                                                    745,738                                         596,666
      TOTAL NET CASH OUTFLOWS                                                                       516,412                                         585,613
      LCR (%)(i)                                                                                   144.41%                                         101.90%

      Note:

      (i)   LCR is calculated based on the arithmetic mean of the item as at the end of each month for the latest quarter during the reporting period.
288   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (D) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                         2018
                                                                     USD             HKD            Others            Total
                                                                                 (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          464,106           34,567            77,376         576,049
            Spot liabilities                                     453,891           21,100            78,093         553,084
            Forward purchased                                    569,876           15,866            96,770         682,512
            Forward written                                      552,660           18,007            98,857         669,524
            Net option position                                   (4,703)            (107)              511          (4,299)
            Net long position                                     22,728           11,219             (2,292)        31,655
            Net structural position                                8,208           32,039                547         40,794

                                                                                         2017
                                                                     USD              HKD              Others          Total
                                                                                  (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          417,418           55,164            75,178         547,760
            Spot liabilities                                     463,514           37,867            59,902         561,283
            Forward purchased                                    484,274           16,083            60,313         560,670
            Forward written                                      414,026           23,742            74,085         511,853
            Net option position                                   (4,326)            (190)              117          (4,399)
            Net long position                                     19,826             9,447             1,621         30,894
            Net structural position                                8,241           31,898                522         40,661

            The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
            Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
            branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
            –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
            –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
            –      Investments in subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            289
Annual Report 2018



(E) International claims
      The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all claims on third
      parties outside Mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Mainland China as
      international claims.
      International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
      holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
      International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
      area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
      into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
      is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
      located in another country.
                                                                                     2018
                                                              Banks
                                                          and other            Public
                                                           financial           sector
                                                        institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions in
        Mainland China                                     111,457              5,976            60,589           178,022
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                 49,092             22,016           162,613           233,721
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                  26,210             20,720           143,855           190,785
      Europe                                                18,219                732            17,117            36,068
      North and South America                               43,707             18,407            57,912           120,026
      Total                                                222,475             47,131           298,231           567,837

                                                                                     2017
                                                               Banks
                                                           and other            Public
                                                            financial           sector
                                                         institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions in
        Mainland China                                       96,112             9,758            73,302           179,172
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                  31,322            35,942           149,651           216,915
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                   20,810            35,912           139,530           196,252
      Europe                                                 15,610             2,057             5,804            23,471
      North and South America                                11,553             1,863            34,515            47,931
      Total                                                154,597             49,620           263,272           467,489
290   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (F) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
            Operation in Mainland China
                                                                     2018                         2017
                                                                            % of gross                      % of gross
                                                                             loans and                       loans and
                                                                              advances                        advances
                                                                            covered by                      covered by
                                                                          collateral or                    collateral or
                                                              Amount     other security    Amount        other security
            Property development                              262,323               56     188,822                   62
            Manufacturing                                     255,683               31     251,979                   33
            Transportation, storage and postal services       248,815               34     204,322                   35
            Wholesale and retail                              157,984               37     205,884                   42
            Production and supply of electric power,
               heating power, gas and water                   138,773               32     121,900                   38
            Leasing and commercial services                   124,094               28     123,768                   30
            Construction                                       84,475               28      74,804                   31
            Financial concerns                                 61,963               40      46,276                   51
            Telecommunications, software and IT services       60,703               33      67,964                   31
            Water, environment and
               public utilities management                     55,890               61      61,920                   63
            Mining                                             35,349               44      39,136                   44
            Others                                             59,021               38      56,721                   38
            Corporate loans and advances subtotal            1,545,073              38    1,443,496                  41
            Discounted bills                                  149,766              100     115,888                 100
            Residential mortgage                              921,500              100     825,797                 100
            Credit cards                                      575,299                –     491,179                   –
            Micro-finance loans                               349,009               92     310,969                  94
            Others                                            141,835               54     136,410                  70
            Retail loans and advances subtotal               1,987,643              66    1,764,355                  69
            Gross loans and advances to customers            3,682,482              56    3,323,739                  58
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                             291
Annual Report 2018



(F) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (continued)
      Operation outside Mainland China
                                                             2018                       2017
                                                                    % of gross                    % of gross
                                                                     loans and                     loans and
                                                                      advances                      advances
                                                                    covered by                    covered by
                                                                  collateral or                  collateral or
                                                       Amount    other security   Amount       other security
      Property development                              54,167              66     63,209                  58
      Financial concerns                                52,174              36     47,198                  40
      Transportation, storage and postal services       38,212              65     14,221                  58
      Manufacturing                                     26,860              45     11,371                  44
      Wholesale and retail                              12,505              51     25,613                  90
      Telecommunications, software and IT services       9,309              68     13,444                  35
      Production and supply of electric power,
         heating power, gas and water                    7,889              16      7,065                  49
      Construction                                       5,635              25      4,211                  89
      Mining                                             2,196              97      1,937                  81
      Leasing and commercial services                    2,001              89     13,934                  73
      Water, environment and
         public utilities management                        26               7        419                  17
      Others                                            17,882              72     17,743                  67
      Corporate loans and advances subtotal            228,856              54    220,365                  58
      Residential mortgage                               7,260             100      7,613                100
      Credit cards                                         191               –        204                  –
      Micro-finance loans                                1,525              99      1,747                 98
      Others                                            12,720              88     11,376                 83
      Retail loans and advances subtotal                21,696              92     20,940                  90
      Gross loans and advances to customers            250,552              57    241,305                  61
292   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (F) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (continued)
            When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/variety accounts for 10% or above of the total
            amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit impairment
            allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                      2018
                                                                                                             –Stage 2                   –Stage 3
                                            Overdue loans       Impaired loans          –Stage 1       (Lifetime ECL-             (Lifetime ECL-
                                             and advances        and advances     (12-month ECL) not credit-impaired)           credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                    3,614                2,610               7,655                     435                  2,054
            Credit card                            12,595                6,394               4,213                  12,895                  6,044

                                                                                              2017
                                                                                                              Individually            Collectively
                                                             Overdue loans       Impaired loans      assessed impairment     assessed impairment
                                                             and advances         and advances                 allowance               allowance
            Residential mortgage                                    3,869                2,734                          –                 11,273
            Credit card                                             9,787                5,467                          –                 16,701

            As at 31 December 2018, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
            held against impaired loans and advances is RMB 6,868 million (31 December 2017: RMB 5,404 million) .
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                       293
Annual Report 2018



(G) Overdue loans and advances to customers
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                         2018     2017
       Headquarters                                                      6,025    4,495
       Yangtze River Delta region                                        7,834    7,813
       Bohai Rim region                                                  7,798    5,990
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                           6,020    7,758
       Northeast region                                                  3,922    4,061
       Central region                                                    4,003    5,119
       Western region                                                    5,460    9,334
       Outside Mainland China                                              248       42
       Subsidiaries                                                        962    1,067
       Total                                                            42,272   45,679



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                         2018     2017
       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been overdue
         with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                            7,057    6,570
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                           9,390   10,254
         – over 12 months                                               25,825   28,855
       Total                                                            42,272   45,679
       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                           0.18%    0.18%
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                          0.24%    0.29%
         – over 12 months                                               0.66%    0.81%
       Total                                                            1.08%    1.28%
294   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (G) Overdue loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                                 2018                         2017
            Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                       9,277                      11,494
            Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   32,978                       34,185
            Value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                       19,137                       13,239
            Provision of overdue loans and advances for which impairment losses
              are individually assessed                                                                                            N/A                     28,088

            The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2018 was RMB1
            million (2017: RMB1 million).
            Note:    The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                     Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                     For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                     classified as overdue.

                     Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                     repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
                     limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                     The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
                     of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
                     realisation experience as well as market situation. Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to
                     the gross advance had been included in the “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (H) Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                                                           2018                                               2017
                                                                                                          % of                                               % of
                                                                                                   total loans                                         total loans
                                                                                 Amount          and advances                     Amount             and advances
            Rescheduled loans and advances to
              customers (Note)                                                     22,766                   0.58%                  18,009                   0.51%
            Less:
              – rescheduled loans and advances overdue
                more than 90 days                                                  16,218                   0.41%                  11,293                   0.32%
            Rescheduled loans and advances overdue
              less than 90 days                                                      6,548                  0.17%                    6,716                  0.19%

            Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

            The amount of the Group’s rescheduled loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2018 was 1
            million (2017: 1 million).



      (I)   Non-bank mainland china exposures
            The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
            in the Mainland China. As of 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
            businesses with Mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
            counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                           295
Annual Report 2018



(J) Corporate governance
      Board committees
      The Board of Directors has established six committees including the Strategy Committee, Audit committee, Related
      Party Transactions Control Committee, Risk and Capital Management Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee and Nomination Committee.


      (i)     Strategy Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Strategy Committee are:
              –        to formulate the operational goals and medium-to-long term development strategies of the Bank, and
                       make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
              –        to consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
              –        to supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
              –        to evaluate and monitor the implementation of Board resolutions; and
              –        to make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the
                       Board of Directors.


      (ii)    Audit Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Audit Committee are:
              –        to propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
              –        to monitor the internal audit system of the Bank and its implementation, and evaluate the work
                       procedures and work effectiveness of its internal audit department;
              –        to coordinate the communication between internal auditors and external auditors;
              –        to audit the financial information of the Bank and disclosure of such information, and is responsible
                       for the annual audit work of the Bank, including issue of a conclusive report on whether the
                       information contained in the audited financial statements is true, accurate, complete and updated,
                       and submit the same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
              –        to examine the internal control system of the Bank, and make recommendations for improvement in
                       the internal control of the Bank;
              –        to review and supervise the mechanism for the Bank’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct
                       in respect of financial reports, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Bank always
                       handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
              –        to examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Bank;
                       and
              –        any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


      (iii)   Related Party Transactions Control Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee are:
              –        to identify connected persons of the Company according to relevant laws and regulations;
              –        to inspect, supervise and review major related party transactions and continuing related party
                       transactions, and to control the risks associated with related party transactions;
              –        to review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Bank, and to monitor the
                       establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Bank;
                       and
              –        to review the announcements on related party transactions of the Bank.
296   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2018



      (J) Corporate governance (continued)
            Board committees (continued)
            (iv)   Risk and Capital Management Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are:
                   –         to supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Bank in relation to credit risk,
                             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk
                             and other risks;
                   –         to make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and
                             capital status of the Bank;
                   –         to perform relevant duties under the advanced capital measurement method pursuant to the
                             authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
                   –         to submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Bank;
                   –         to arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of
                             Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (v)    Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:
                   –         to study the appraisal standards for directors and senior management, and conduct appraisals and
                             make recommendations based on the actual conditions of the Bank;
                   –         to study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior
                             management of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the
                             implementation of such proposals;
                   –         to review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (vi)   Nomination Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Nomination Committee are:
                   –         to review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise,
                             knowledge and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any change to
                             the Board of Directors to implement the strategies of the Bank according to the Bank’s business
                             operations, asset scale and shareholding structure of the Bank;
                   –         to study the standards and procedures for selection of directors and senior management, and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
                   –         to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for directors and senior management;
                   –         to conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for directors and senior management and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
http     : //www.cmbchina.com
Add      : China Merchants Bank Tower, No 7088,
		 Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen, China
Tel      : (0755) 8319 8888
Fax      : (0755) 8319 5555
Postcode : 518040
