Intermediate Capital Group PLC




                                 PROVIDING
                                 CAPITAL TO HELP
                                 BUSINESSES
                                 DEVELOP AND
                                 GROW




                                 Annual Report and Accounts 2021
A GLOBAL ALTERNATIVE
ASSET MANAGER
Our culture centres around long-term
relationships with a wide range of stakeholders,
sustainable investment excellence, and an
outstanding team demonstrating integrity,
diversity and collaboration.
Contents                                                     Highlights
Strategic report                                             Profit before tax
2     Our business at a glance

                                                             £509.5m
10    Chairman’s statement
12    The ICG business model
16    Chief Executive Officer’s review
18    Market environment                                     (2020: £114.5m)
21    Our strategy and KPIs
24    Stakeholder engagement
24    Section 172(1) statement                               Total Third Party AUM
30    Responsible business
33    Environment
34
36
      TCFD disclosures
      Employee engagement
                                                             $56.2bn
37    Non-financial information statement                    (2020: $47.1bn)
38    Finance and operating review
49    Risk management
57    Viability statement
                                                             Ordinary dividend
Governance report
58
62
      Chairman’s introduction to governance
      Board of Directors
                                                             56.0p
66    Corporate governance                                   (2020: 50.8p)
68    Director induction and skills
69    Board evaluation
70    Audit Committee report
79    Risk Committee report
                                                             UNPRI Assessment Results
83    Nominations and Governance Committee report
87
92
      Remuneration Committee report
      Annual report on remuneration
                                                             A+A+A
102   Directors’ remuneration policy
109   Directors’ report                                      (2020: AAB)
116   Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements
117   Auditor’s report
126   Consolidated and Parent Company financial statements
132   Notes to the financial statements

Additional information
180   Glossary
185   ESG index
186   Our funds                                              Visit icgam.com
188   Shareholder and Company information
NVESTING
GLOBALLY
REATING
VALUE
ROWING
SUSTAINABLY
See how we are investing globally, creating value
and growing sustainably on pages 4 to 9.




                                              ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021   1
Our business at a glance

A global alternative asset manager

We manage $56.2bn of third-party assets globally, investing across the capital structure.
The funds we manage generate long-term contracted fee streams.


Third Party Assets Under Management
within strategic asset class
                                                                                            Capital Market Investments
                                                                                            Multi-asset credit, syndicated loans,
Corporate Investments                                                                       CLOs and structured credit across
Private equity, subordinated debt                                                           eight strategies
and senior direct lending investments
across eight strategies
                                                                                            $18.0bn
$27.2bn                                                                                     (2020: $15.3bn)

(2020: $22.8bn)
                                                 Third Party AUM                            Average life of funds: 6–10 years

Average life of funds: 6–12 years
                                                     $56.2bn
Secondary Investments                                                                       Real Asset Investments
GP-led secondaries and private                                                              Real estate senior debt, subordinated
equity fund of funds across                                                                 debt and equity across five strategies
three strategies                                                                            and infrastructure equity


$4.7bn                                                                                      $6.3bn
(2020: $3.7bn)                                                                              (2020: $5.5bn)

Average life of funds: 6–12 years                                                           Average life of funds: 6–12 years


Integrated ESG approach


                                                    Strategic ESG priorities

     Integrate ESG systematically into all         Transparent communication with       Ensure corporate behaviour models
            investment activities                           stakeholders                       strong ESG practice


        Responsible Investing Policy             Internal and external communications          “Tone from the top”
            Read more on page 30                        Read more on page 24                   Read more on page 10

                               Focus on where we have a material footprint and meaningful impact

               Environmental                                  Social                               Governance
               Climate change                        Human capital management              Anti-bribery and corruption
            Read more on page 34                        Diversity and inclusion                 Risk management
                                                             Supply chain                  Read more on pages 37 and 38
                                                       Read more on pages 25-28




2      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
We have a diversified and growing group of blue-chip clients. We strive to deliver attractive
returns on their capital over the long term. Our global in-house distribution team develops
and manages our client relationships.
476 clients globally

Pension funds 33.0%                                                                         Insurance companies 17.2%




                                                                                                  Asset managers 14.1%
                                             77% growth
                                              since 2015

Sovereign wealth funds 2.5%                                                                                  Banks 9.0%

Fund of funds 4.4%
Other 4.5%                                                                                           Family offices 8.8%

Endowments/foundations 6.5%



A global footprint with deep access to local markets and an investment track record of over 32 years.

Global footprint


Investment
professionals
Europe: 149
US: 47
Asia: 17




                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021   3
                                                                     As a leading alternative
                                                                     asset manager, we provide
                                                                     capital to help businesses
                                                                     develop, grow and thrive in
                                                                     the global economy




WE INVEST
   GLOBALLY
                                          We demonstrate our values as we raise and invest
                                          our third-party funds

                                          Our Senior Debt Partners strategy invested in TSG Group (TSG), the number
                                          one European business-to-business equipment and systems distributor and
                                          services provider to energy distribution networks.

                                          Alignment to ESG priorities
                                          TSG aims to be at the forefront of the move towards cleaner alternative
                                          fuels by supporting the increased infrastructure required to facilitate growth
                                          in the market.

                                          TSG have launched several growth initiatives offering their core services for
                                          new energies:

                                          –– TSG is a leading player in installing ‘on the move’ electric vehicle charging
                                             stations for their clients, with more than 20,000 charging points installed
                                             across Europe
                                          –– Gas solutions: from compressed to liquid gas and hydrogen to support the
                                             transition to a zero emission mobility
                                          –– Professional wash systems, with a focus on environmentally friendly features

                                          How it demonstrates our values
                                          Our team worked collaboratively to deliver a bespoke financing solution to
                                          TSG. The resilience of the business to climate change was a key consideration.




4   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                 Consistent and
                                                                 robust investment
                                                                 culture globally
                                                                 Our local investment teams have sector expertise and
                    Entrepreneurialism
                                                                 long-standing relationships. They understand the
                      and innovation
                                                                 markets in which they operate. These relationships
                                                                 initiate deal flow and provide early access to
                                                                 investment opportunities. This is a key competitive
                                                                 advantage in sourcing and managing investments for
                                                                 our funds.

Ambition                                       Performance for   Our granular investment approach provides a
and focus                                        our clients     valuable information database from which our
                         Our values                              investment teams can gain market intelligence and
                           drive                                 unique insight.
                          success
                                                                 Our consistent, robust and disciplined investment
                                                                 culture enables us to deliver attractive returns to
                                                                 our clients.

                                                                 Our reputation for investment, built up over 32 years,
                                                                 has generated strong, supportive, asset sourcing
          Working                        Taking                  networks globally.
       collaboratively                responsibility
       and acting with                and managing               We adopt responsible and sustainable business
          integrity                        risk                  practices to make a positive impact to society
                                                                 through our investments.




                                                                 Read about our global footprint on page 3




                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            5
         WE CREATE
              VALUE                                          We create long-term sustainable
                                                             value for all of our stakeholders:
                                                             investors, employees, clients and the
                                                             communities in which we operate.




                                          Making space for growth with Jaguar Land Rover through
                                          an investment in new infrastructure
                                          Jaguar Land Rover is a British luxury automotive manufacturer. Our Sale
                                          and Leaseback Fund will finance a new 2.9m ft2 distribution campus
                                          situated in a prime logistics location in the UK, which will be constructed by
                                          IM Properties and then leased to Jaguar Land Rover. The campus will be
                                          composed of five Grade-A warehouses serving Jaguar Land Rover’s global
                                          parts business.

                                          Jaguar Land Rover is consolidating from ~20 properties into the
                                          distribution campus which will serve as the home of Jaguar Land Rover’s
                                          parts business, dispatching 93% of all spare parts required globally.

                                          How this creates value
                                          The distribution campus is pre-let to Jaguar Land Rover on long-term
                                          leases with inflation protection. Long-term occupational demand for the
                                          distribution campus is underpinned by the prime location.




6   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Fund performance
drives growth
Strong fund performance is a leading indicator of future growth in
fee-earning AUM. Our fund performance is underpinned by our
disciplined investment process.

Our 32-year investment track record supports fundraising as we
retain existing clients and continue to attract new clients.

Our global in-house marketing team is client focused. We continue to
expand and strengthen our client relationships by providing
opportunities to invest in a diversified portfolio of strategies, with a
single investment manager, which meet their risk and return needs.

Our dedicated team gives us insight that enables the nimble and
efficient design of new strategies to respond to market
developments, client demand and investment opportunities.

We have a relentless focus on performance for our clients.




                                                                           Third Party AUM


                                                                           $56.2bn
                                                                           2017              23.3


                                                                           2018                        32.6


                                                                           2019                               38.7


                                                                           2020                                           47.2


                                                                           2021                                                     56.2




                                                                           Five-year Total Shareholder Return


                                                                           254.1%
                                                                           2017                                        212.5


                                                                           2018                               184.5


                                                                           2019                                       209.5


                                                                           2020              110.9


                                                                           2021                                                  254.1


Read about investment performance for the year on page 38



                                                                                             ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           7
We strive for a more sustainable
future, both as a company and
as a part of the wider community




WE GROW
 SUSTAINABLY
                                          Our European Infrastructure Equity Fund investment
                                          creates value for communities
                                          Our European Infrastructure Equity strategy invested in CVE, a renewable
                                          power producer focused on solar photovoltaic, biogas and small hydro
                                          power generation operating in France, the United States, Chile and Africa.

                                          CVE has developed an original vision: decentralised power production and
                                          a direct sales model targeted to suppliers, businesses and communities.
                                          With an overall capacity of 440 MW, the group produces green energy
                                          equivalent to the power consumption of a city with 320,000 people.

                                          Alignment to ESG priorities
                                          Through its core activities, CVE contributes to achieving the following
                                          United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDG):

                                          –– SDG7: Affordable and clean energy
                                          –– SDG9 : Industry, innovation and infrastructure
                                          –– SDG11: Sustainable cities and communities
                                          –– SDG12: Responsible consumption and production

                                          How it demonstrates our purpose
                                          Our partnership approach creates financial value for investors. Our strong
                                          responsible investing framework will enable this business to continue to
                                          deliver benefits to the wider society in which it operates.




8   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
ESG is embedded in our
investment process
We believe in collaborating across the industry to raise
investment standards. We are a member of the PRI Investor
Reference Group on Corporate Reporting in order to
address one of the major challenges we face as an investor
in private equity and debt: the lack of good quality
corporate ESG reporting.

We analyse ESG issues, including climate risk, at each
stage of the investment process from screening, through
due diligence, closing and monitoring to eventual exit.
Each investment strategy implements the ESG
considerations relevant to it.

These depend on the nature of the strategy, the level of
                                                                Read about how we embed ESG
influence over the investment and access to management.
                                                                within our investment strategies on page 30
Climate-related risks were specifically taken into account
in developing the Sale and Leaseback and Infrastructure
Equity strategies.

                                                                                                                         Human
                                                                                            Risk
                                                                                                                         capital
                                                                                         management
                                                                                                                       management


                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                        Diversity
                                                                       governance




                                                             Anti-bribery                          ce                                                Value chain
                                                                                        Gove
                                                             & corruption
                                                                                                                                 cial
                                                                                            rna                                So
                                                                                               n        Investment
                                                                                                          strategy

                                                             Transparency                                                                             Society
                                                                                                        Env
                                                                                                              ir o n m e n t



                                                                            Climate
                                                                                                                                        Innovation
                                                                            stability


                                                                                           Natural                       Waste
                                                                                          resources                    management




                                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                        9
Chairman’s statement




RISING
TO MEET
GLOBAL
CHALLENGES
To fellow shareholders,                                                    The pandemic has required governments to take on roles that
At the time of my message to you last year, my first as Chairman, the      they neither wanted nor anticipated. Responses have been uneven,
world was in the depths of the Covid-19 pandemic. In the last year we      and in any case should not be judged in the moment. But what is
have seen extraordinary demonstrations of human ingenuity in the           clear is that we came into this pandemic with a positive, albeit fragile,
remarkable pace of vaccine development and in the way people have          economic backdrop and we should not lose sight of the fact that
adapted to this new way of living. Nonetheless, the last 18 months         we are privileged, in more developed economies, to be living in
have tested individuals, families, businesses and governments in ways      societies that are sufficiently resilient to allow us to take such
that few could have imagined. The fabric of society has been               dramatic actions to protect lives. A liberal democracy is one of the
stretched, sometimes to breaking point.                                    great developments of humanity. It has led to improvements in the
                                                                           health and wealth of citizens and to innovations and progress in
We have also seen an acceleration of broader shifts that were already      healthcare, arts, culture, economics and technology. We must ensure
impacting society and that could have dramatic and long-term               it works for all of society, and we must continue to make a positive
implications for the structure and cohesion of our society. Not all this   case to protect and preserve it.
acceleration has been due to the pandemic. We are living in an
increasingly divided world where opinions have never been easier to        Although asset prices have recovered strongly from the shocks in
broadcast, yet healthy debate and the constructive exchange of             the first half of 2020, many businesses and individuals are reliant on
competing views feel less prevalent. Growing inequalities have led to      unprecedented levels of government and central bank support.
the most vulnerable in society becoming more exposed. It is a hopeful      High government deficits and historically low interest rates mean
sign of progress that we are becoming more conscious of historical         there is ever less room to further support the economy through
inequalities based on race, gender and socioeconomic background,           ‘traditional’ channels. While the possibilities of inflation and interest
but these inequalities persist today and they must be addressed.           rate rises remain on the horizon, there may not be an immediately
                                                                           obvious cost to this support. However, the long-term impact of this
                                                                           stimulus is unclear, as are the speed and mechanisms of unwinding it.
                                                                           It could be a challenge in the coming years to balance the moral
                                                                           imperatives of supporting the most vulnerable in society with
                                                                           ensuring prudent macro stability.




10     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
“I look forward to ICG                                                     At a leadership level I am proud of the diversity we have on our
                                                                           Board with varied careers and backgrounds providing diversity of
                                                                           experience. During the year we announced the appointments of
playing an important role                                                  Rosemary Leith and Matthew Lester as NEDs, and I look forward to
                                                                           them bringing their perspectives.
in supporting the growth                                                   Despite global uncertainty, and in part because of our ability to help

of the companies and
                                                                           actively shape the world around us, I believe the opportunity for
                                                                           alternative assets and for the Group is increasing and has very
                                                                           attractive long-term prospects. ICG provides capital across the world
societies we invest in.”                                                   and across the capital structure to help companies grow. We partner
                                                                           with these companies for the long term, and this active management
Financial resilience                                                       results in attractive risk-adjusted returns to our clients. This in turn
Recovery from the pandemic is, of course, not for government alone.        makes the prospects for continued growth in assets under
Business has a vital role to play, most obviously in ensuring that the     management very healthy, which is the key driver of returns to
basic services on which we all depend continue uninterrupted.              our shareholders.
Keeping the lights on, ensuring that there is food on the supermarket
shelves, and, more broadly, providing employment and helping to            The Group, like every other company, has of course been tested by
maintain a healthy and diversified economy.                                the events of the past year. I am proud of how we responded to these
                                                                           challenges and of how our people have carried the business through
The financial services industry facilitates the flows of capital that      these challenging times. I want to pay tribute to the ICG community:
enable growth. The alternative asset management industry focuses           my colleagues, their families, our clients, the companies we invest in,
on the productive allocation of capital and expertise to businesses        and all those whose lives we touch. Thank you. I am proud and
that require it in order to flourish, to deliver useful services, and to   humbled by how you have risen to these challenges.
create employment. We are clear that the Group1’s purpose is to
provide capital to help companies develop and grow.                        Outlook
                                                                           Looking forward, I see an uncertain economic and social environment.
The Group1 employs 470 people in 14 countries; we are international,       The global community has many difficult questions to answer about
but perhaps multi-local rather than multinational, directly impacting      what we value, how we conduct ourselves, and what sort of world
local communities. With this scale we have the depth of resource to        we want to pass to the next generation. We must not shirk these
operate effectively, and to stay close to our investee companies and       questions: history will judge us – as countries, as businesses,
to developments in our markets, while being nimble and responsive          as individuals – by how we respond.
to opportunities and challenges as we encounter them.
                                                                           Humanity has shown yet again that it has a boundless capacity
Responsible investment                                                     for innovation and resilience, the ability to rise to any challenge.
Our ability to positively impact society is perhaps best understood in     That capacity is made up of millions of individuals stepping up to the
terms of the scale of the investment entrusted to us by the investors      moment. I find that inspiring. It gives me faith that we will navigate
in our funds. We manage $56.2bn of assets which are deployed into          the issues we face, and that we will emerge stronger and better as a
companies around the world employing thousands of people in total.         global society.
We invest this capital on behalf of over 475 clients, and the ultimate
beneficiaries are individuals: children, workers, savers, pensioners.      I look forward to ICG playing an important role in supporting the
We take that responsibility seriously, and it means that we are            growth of the companies and societies we invest in.
inherently focused on the long-term sustainability of the returns for
our clients. These will only be assured if the Group and its portfolio     The Strategic Report, on pages 1 to 57, has been approved by the
companies behave in an environmentally and socially responsible            Board of Directors and is signed by:
manner. This year we designated Stephen Welton as the Non-
Executive Director (NED) responsible for ESG matters.

Our commitments start at home. Our people are our single most
important asset: they will drive our business today, tomorrow and in
the years to come. It is both a moral and an economic imperative that      Lord Davies Of Abersoch
we actively attract, retain and develop the best, irrespective of their    Chairman
background. We continue to evolve our approach to recruitment to
ensure that we are making a positive contribution. At an industry          8 June 2021
level, there is more to be done in this area. Our work with Level20 and
                                                                           Intermediate Capital Group plc and its subsidiaries
                                                                           1
#10000BlackInterns is helping to drive change.




                                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021      11
The ICG business model

Generating a positive impact
ICG provides capital to help companies develop and grow. We develop long-term resilient relationships
with our partners to deliver value for shareholders, clients and employees, and use our position
of influence to positively impact the environment and society.




                                                     Grow AUM




                                                    What we do

                              Manage
                                                                          st
                                an                                      ve
                                  dR   ea
                                                                       In
                                            lis
                                                e




Our competitive advantages

     Local presence,                           Ability to invest              Focus on                Capital to support
     global network                           across the capital           clients’ needs                  growth
     470 employees in 14                          structure              Global marketing team         Our balance sheet is a
      countries underpin                       We provide capital to   ensure that we continue to     strategic advantage that
     our ability to source,                       companies in a        meet the requirements of       enables us to seed and
     execute and manage                        form appropriate to             our clients           accelerate new strategies
         investments                               their needs                                      and align interests with our
                                                                                                               clients




12    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                   Our resilient business model
                                                                                   delivers shared stakeholder and
                                                                                   long-term societal value


        How we generate shareholder value
                                                                                              Shareholders and lenders
                                                                                              Read more on page 25

                               Grow AUM
    Raise and manage third party assets, largely in closed-ended funds                        Clients
          Earn management fees on committed or invested AUM                                   Read more on page 25



                                                                                              Employees
                                                                                              Read more on pages 26 and 36


                                  Invest
          Identify and secure attractive investment opportunities                             Communities
                                                                                              Read more on page 27
           Earn performance fees if certain hurdle rates are met


                                                                                              Environment
                                                                                              Read more on pages 27, 30, 33 and 34

                         Manage and Realise
  Work with management teams in our investments to drive strategic change                     Suppliers
                                                                                              Read more on page 26
   Successfully realising investments crystallises returns for clients and
                               shareholders

                                                                                              Regulators
                                                                                              Read more on page 28




Underpinned by our unified platform




                                                                             Our governance
      Our culture                     Our risk management                     framework on                 Our fund distribution
      on page 5                            on page 49                            page 66                        on page 7



                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          13
The ICG business model continued

Leveraging the power of our platform
In conversation with the executive team

 BD

Benoît Durteste
Chief Executive
Officer
                                                                                 VB    Vijay Bharadia
                                                                                       Chief Financial and Operating Officer




AHR



Antje Hensel-Roth
Chief People
and External
Affairs Officer



Our resilient model adapts to business development and other emerging trends while bringing
together a network of skills and expertise, through long-standing relationships, to provide us with
unique market insight and opportunities.



                    How do you grow AUM?                                          How do you deliver returns to shareholders?


                    BD   Delivering outstanding investment performance                BD   Returns to our shareholders come from both
                         for our clients underpins the growth of our AUM.                  underlying growth in our business and our
                                                                                           progressive dividend policy.
                         Our successful track record enables us to drive
                         growth in three key ways: raising larger funds for                Growth is the key driver of long-term shareholder
                         existing strategies; expanding established strategies             value. This will come from increasing our third-party
                         into new geographies; and establishing new                        AUM, which will increase our third-party fee income
                         investment strategies. I’m very pleased that during               and drive profits in our Fund Management
                         this financial year our growth was driven by a                    Company (FMC).
                         combination of all three of those factors.
                                                                                           Our progressive dividend policy, which is explicitly
                                                                                           linked to profits from our FMC, is intended to
                                                                                           ensure that shareholders benefit from the growth
                                                                                           in FMC profits.




14     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
How do you attract and retain talent?                                        What have you learnt about the resilience of the ICG
                                                                             business model in the last twelve months?

AHR   Our people strategy rests on three pillars: outstanding                 VB   As the crisis began to unfold, we were confident that our
      career opportunities; exceptional engagement; and                            long-term contracted third-party fee income would be a
      economic alignment.                                                          resilient driver of profits: whatever the macro events, those
                                                                                   fees provide us with a reliable and visible source of income
      We focus on attracting top talent globally from all parts of the             over the long term. Similarly, we knew our balance sheet
      market to create teams that bring complementary experiences                  was very robust and could withstand significant external shocks
      and diversity of thought. What unites us all is an ambition to               due to its diversification, prudent capitalisation and strong
      further enhance the value our company creates and the impact                 liquidity profile.
      we can have personally – whether that is through raising funds,
      investing well or running a high quality operating platform.                 Seeing this financial and operational resilience in action gave
                                                                                   us great pride and confidence in the platform we have built.
      Our vision is to provide an inclusive and respectful                         We continued to make targeted investments in our people and
      environment in which each individual is motivated to fulfil their            platform, and we were able to adapt quickly to the new
      potential and contribute to our business goals. We are proud                 operating environment.
      to have employees representing 38 different nationalities in
      offices across 14 countries.                                                 While there are bound to be more unexpected events in the
                                                                                   coming years, my key take-away from the last 12 months is that
      To help us achieve our ambitions, we have focused on a                       the ICG business model, operational capability and talent
      number of actions internally, including a Women’s Development                provide the Group with the agility to adapt quickly to changing
      programme, a group-wide D&I committee, and a series of                       circumstances.
      inclusive “network” groups for employees.




How have you contributed to the wellbeing of your                            What are the greatest challenges for ICG?
employees over the last year?

AHR   Ensuring that our employees have been supported throughout             BD    As we continue to grow and broaden our strategies, a key
      the uncertainty of the last year has been a top priority. We already         challenge will be attracting and retaining the best talent to
      had an established Wellbeing strategy, and this offering has                 ensure we are able to continue to provide strong returns
      continued and extended throughout the year to ensure that                    for our clients. Our market is competitive, but we have a strong
      employees and their families are supported both at home and                  brand, an exceptional track record and an attractive offering
      in the office.                                                               for current and future employees.

      We continually monitor employee engagement, through                     VB   Our business is growing rapidly. It’s critical that our
      surveys, focus groups, individual interactions and informal                  growth is sustainable, and that means continuing to invest
      groups. We have also had valuable Board-level focus from                     in the operating platform that enables it, in both people
      Amy Schioldager, the NED with a specific responsibility for                  and technology.
      employee engagement, who has hosted meetings with our
      employees. Senior management have been regularly engaging              AHR   Communication to our investors, our clients, our employees
      through both formal and informal forums, with their teams, and               and other stakeholders is key. What we do can appear complex,
      with employees across the Group to maintain engagement and                   but it is our responsibility to explain clearly and simply what
      instil our cultural values.                                                  we do, how we do it and why we do it, and to demonstrate how
                                                                                   we have a positive impact on all our stakeholders.




                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          15
Chief Executive Officer’s review




                 NVESTING
                 REATING
                 ROWING
Business model has proven its strength; we                       and broadened our product offering through new strategies
look forward with confidence                                     such as Life Sciences. We grew our Third Party AUM by
The last 18 months have been unparalleled by almost any          19%, expanded our client base by 8% and increased our
measure. The speed with which society and the economy            headcount by 15%.
moved from cautious optimism in February 2020 to later
facing deep uncertainty tested people and businesses             Client demand for our strategies in the year was materially
everywhere. ICG was not immune to this. As we looked             higher than we had initially anticipated in an off-cycle year
ahead to FY21 we were expecting to continue our growth           amid a challenging environment, with total fundraising of
trajectory, including launching several new strategies.          $10.6bn – our third largest year on record. The levels of
Circumstances changed, causing us to pivot quickly during        activity were very high across both deployment and
the first quarter of our financial year to focus on protecting   realisations: we deployed $7.2bn of Third Party AUM in
our people, engaging with our clients on the potential           our direct investment funds, realised $5.1bn of Third Party
impacts on fund investments, and working with our                Fee Earning AUM to underpin our investment
portfolio companies to ensure that they had the financial        performance, and seeded investments for new strategies
and operational resilience to navigate the new                   as a prelude to them raising third party funds in the future.
environment. I am proud of how our employees responded
and worked together during this period, and I would like to      Today, we report impressive results and announce our 11th
take this opportunity to thank them for their continued          consecutive year of dividend growth. Our business model,
contribution to the success of ICG.                              which is built on long-term relationships, local presence,
                                                                 and the visibility of future Third Party Fee Income from our
Against that backdrop, ICG continued to grow and                 closed-end funds, has proved itself throughout this
develop. We furthered our Environmental, Social and              extraordinary period.
Governance (ESG) agenda, invested in our talent,




16      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
     Procession House
     With the Group’s workforce having expanded rapidly in recent
     years, the Group moved to a new London office in September
     2020. In keeping with the principles to which the Group holds
     itself accountable, various measures have been taken to
     ensure that both the fit-out and the building itself meet high
     ESG standards.

     Situated near Blackfriars Bridge on the edge of the City of
     London, Procession House features:

     –– Efficient lighting and controls
     –– Sustainably sourced insulation
     –– 100% renewable energy
     –– Sustainably sourced finishes such as polishes and varnishes
     –– Water metering and the installation of efficient taps
     –– VOC and CO2 monitoring of the air quality in the
        floor spaces
     –– Targeting to achieve >90% diversion from landfill rates




Fundraising success drives AUM growth                                     Continuing to develop our client franchise
Raising $10.6bn of Third Party AUM in an off-cycle year is a              Through the year we enhanced our interaction with our clients,
particularly strong performance and, reflecting the increasing            shifting to online Investor Days and increasing the frequency of
breadth of our platform, we had a total of 16 strategies raise capital    communications. During periods of uncertainty, investors generally
during the financial year.                                                deploy more of their capital with established managers who have a
                                                                          strong track record and brand and with whom they already have
Senior Debt Partners IV, our direct-lending strategy which charges        relationships. We observed this trend during FY21, and were
fees on invested capital, raised $3.9bn of Third Party AUM during the     beneficiaries of it, whilst also continuing to grow our client base.
year. This brought the total Third Party AUM raised for Senior Debt       At 31 March 2021 we had a global client base of 476 investors
Partners IV to $7.6bn at 31 March 2021. Towards the end of the            (31 March 2020: 439) from a broad range of countries and institutions.
financial year we launched Strategic Equity IV, our flagship GP-led
secondaries strategy. This strategy charges fees on committed             The continued success and growth of our client franchise is
capital from the date of its first close, which was held on 19 March      underpinned by the strength of our Marketing and Client Relations
2021, and had raised $1.3bn at 31 March 2021.                             team. During the year we made a number of senior strategic hires into
                                                                          that team to ensure that we maintain the highest standards of client
Capital Market Investments raised a total of $3.4bn, of which $1.2bn      service to support the continued growth of our client franchise.
was in liquid funds and $2.2bn was in CLOs. Our liquid funds
performed strongly and experienced net inflows during the year.           Managing our portfolios for long-term performance
The CLO market has been improving during the second half of               We have a long-term perspective, and focus on investing in businesses
financial year, enabling us to raise three new CLO vehicles (two in the   with strong market positions and exceptional management teams
US and one in Europe). We have also taken advantage of narrowing          where we can deploy our capital to help companies grow and develop.
spreads by amending the terms of two existing CLOs to lock-in             Our ability to invest across the capital structure is a particular strategic
enhanced future returns.                                                  strength and allows us to provide capital in the form most appropriate
                                                                          to the company’s needs.
The remaining $2.0bn of fundraising included $545m for two
strategies that were raising first-time funds during the year ($297m      Our funds delivered strong performance in the year, in particular
for Infrastructure Equity and $248m for Sale and Leaseback), $524m        those funds that have a higher proportion of equity-type investments.
for Recovery Fund II and $442m in aggregate for two Real Estate           Our investments benefited from both our constant focus on
Debt strategies.                                                          downside protection as well as meaningful exposure to growing
                                                                          sectors such as healthcare, software and education.
As we continue to build our franchise, we expect to raise larger funds
for established strategies and to build demand for new strategies.        Successful realisations are an important part of managing our funds’
The success we are experiencing in both our flagship and earlier-stage    portfolios, enabling us to underpin fund performance and to return
funds is a clear lead indicator of our long-term growth opportunities.    proceeds to our clients at an appropriate cadence and valuation. We
                                                                          took advantage of attractive opportunities during this year to realise
                                                                          $5.1bn of Third Party Fee Earning AUM.


                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              17
Chief Executive Officer’s review continued




     Market environment
     Market                                                                                                         Industry
     Market activity                         Interest rates                      Brexit                             Demand for alternatives             Responsible investing
     Description
     –– At the start of our financial year  ––   Global interest rates have      ––   The UK left the European     ––    Demand for alternatives is     ––   The long-term trend towards
        major equity indices globally were       been at historically low levels      Union (EU) on 31 January           very strong, underpinned by         focusing responsible investing
        at or near their Covid-19 troughs,       since the Global Financial           2020, entering a transition        investors’ search for               continued in 2020 and 2021,
        having fallen steeply during             Crisis and at the onset of the       period. This ended with a          attractive risk-adjusted            and investors’ interest in
        February and March 2020                  Covid-19 pandemic, core              trade and cooperation              returns; the ability for            strategies which incorporate
     –– Through our financial year,              government bond yields               agreement between the UK           investors to allocate a             Environmental, Social and
        markets rebounded strongly               fell further                         and EU which came into             portion of their capital to         Governance (ESG) factors
        (FTSE 100 +23.1% and S&P 500        ––   The strength of the economic         effect on 1 January 2021           longer-term investments that        continued to increase
        +63.6%), supported by                    recovery and the levels of      ––   The UK and EU confirmed on         are less susceptible to public      against the backdrop of the
        substantial stimulus from                government stimulus have             26 March 2021 that they have       market movements; and the           Covid-19 pandemic
        governments and central banks            led some market participants         agreed a Memorandum of             outperformance of private
     –– The alternative asset management         to ask whether inflation and         Understanding to continue          market investments
        industry saw a slowdown in deal          interest rates may increase in       talks and co-operation on          compared to public markets
        activity during H1 2020: the             the coming years                     financial services           ––    Alternative assets under
        number of buyouts globally fell     ––   This prompted a sharp rise in                                           management have grown at a
        24% compared to 20191, with the          core government bond yields                                             10% CAGR from 2010 to
        second quarter of the year being         in late February 2021, driven                                           20202 and are expected to
        particularly impacted                    by higher real yields as                                                grow at a similar rate from
     –– A strong recovery in volumes             investors brought forward                                               2020 to 2025. Within that,
        during the second half of 2020           the expected date of central                                            Private Equity is expected to
        combined with a c. 24% increase          bank rate increases                                                     grow at 16% CAGR and
        in average deal size compared to                                                                                 Private Debt at 11% over
        20191 resulted in an 8% increase in                                                                              the same period
        global buyout deal value in 2020
        compared to 2019. This was 7%
        above the five-year average
        globally and in Europe total
        deal value was 13% above the
        five-year average

     What this means for ICG
     –– Our diverse range of strategies     ––   Our main driver of             ––    We planned for a range of     ––   The structural tailwinds      ––    We aim to be an important voice
        and ability to invest across the         profitability and growth is          Brexit scenarios that might        supporting our AUM growth           in the alternative asset
        capital structure mean that we are       third-party fee income, which        have impacted our                  are expected to remain              management space for ESG
        positioned to invest throughout          is not impacted by                   employees, our business or         in place                            issues. We are an active
        economic cycles                          movements in interest rates          our clients. In 2017 we       ––   As clients seek to allocate         participant in a number of
     –– We generate fees from long-term ––       Where our funds invest in a          established a fund manager         more capital to alternatives,       industry forums
        closed-end funds and make                company’s debt, these are            in Luxembourg and opened           our track record, breadth of ––     A number of our funds have
        investments on behalf of our             typically ‘floating rate’            an office with locally-based       strategies and expertise in         sustainable characteristics. We
        clients for the long term. As such,      instruments where the                employees. This has allowed        investing across the capital        continually review opportunities
        short-term market moves do not           portfolio company absorbs            us to continue to service our      structure position us well to       to develop and enhance the
        materially impact our ability to         the impact of interest rate          existing European-domiciled        attract these assets                ESG focus of our funds
        generate sustainable profits or          moves (which is typically            funds and to passport these ––     We expect to benefit from     ––    We implemented a number of
        the performance of most of the           hedged with a third party).          funds throughout the EU            the flight to quality due to        measures during the year to
        funds that we manage                     Any rise in rates is therefore ––    Throughout the Brexit              our track record                    build on our ESG practices, such
     –– Our Investment Company                   unlikely to impact our               process, the Group has                                                 as issuing an ESG-linked RCF,
        co-invests alongside our funds           fund performance                     advised and supported our                                              implementing SFDR reporting
        and therefore its performance will ––    The majority of our debt at          EU national employees in                                               with the vast majority of our
        be correlated to the performance         Group level is fixed rate            the UK                                                                 funds reporting under Article 8,
        of the funds                                                            ––    We will continue to monitor                                            extending our Exclusion List,
                                                                                      developments closely and                                               and integrating a proprietary
                                                                                      will take necessary steps to                                           Climate Risk Assessment tool
                                                                                      ensure that any negative                                               into our investment processes
                                                                                      impacts of Brexit on our
                                                                                      employees, our business and
                                                                                      our clients are minimised

     Read more
     –– Our business model → page 12       –– Our business model →          –– Brexit planning → page 50            –– Our clients → page 3             –– Responsible investment →
     –– The valuation of our balance sheet    page 12                                                               –– Our range of strategies →           page 30
        → page 38                          –– Our debt facilities → page 38                                            page 2                           –– ESG index → page 185




1. Bain: 2021 Global Private Equity Report
2. Preqin: Future of Alternatives 2025



18       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
ICG is well positioned to benefit from private market trends   Integrated approach to ESG focussing on
                                                               where we have the most material impact
Strong track record of investment performance                  We have a longstanding commitment to ESG, and we
Read more on page 38                                           intend to stay at the forefront of this activity within our
                                                               industry. Our priorities are to continue to integrate ESG
Structured and holistic approach to responsible investing      systematically into all investment activities; to maintain
Read more on page 30                                           transparent ESG communications with stakeholders; and
                                                               to ensure our corporate behaviour models strong ESG
Multiple strategies to suit clients’ investment objectives     practice. We have made progress against all these
Read more on page 2                                            priorities during the year, and the Board has nominated
                                                               Stephen Welton as the Non-Executive Director
Proven ability to innovate and pioneer new strategies in       responsible for ESG matters.
response to client demand and market opportunity
Read more on page 16                                           Along with strong governance, which underpins all that
                                                               we do, we see the greatest potential for ICG to make an
Large and sophisticated ‘go-to-market’ strategy through        impact in the areas of climate change and diversity and
our client relations team                                      inclusion (D&I). I believe that in the short, medium and
Read more on page 7                                            long term, continuing to make progress against our ESG
                                                               objectives is critical for our business and for our
Scalable and unified operating platform                        stakeholder community.
Read more on page 12
                                                               Our investment activities present us with the most
                                                               significant opportunity to make a positive impact. Each
                                                               investment strategy uses our proprietary climate risk
                                                               assessment tool in the initial investment process. This tool
                                                               is used to assess each opportunity and considers both
                                                               physical and transition risk (policy shifts, changing
                                                               consumer demands and technological progress). Earlier
                                                               this year we also strengthened our exclusion list to
                                                               prevent any direct investment in companies which
                                                               generate the majority of their revenue from coal, oil or gas.
                                                               We currently have three sustainability-themed strategies:
                                                               Infrastructure Equity, Sale and Leaseback and our Real
                                                               Estate Partnership Capital VI fund. These strategies align
                                                               with specific UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),
                                                               and all incorporate climate-focused SDGs including SDG 7
                                                               (Clean Energy) and SDG 13 (Climate Action). During the
                                                               financial year the EU’s Sustainable Finance Disclosure
                                                               Regulation (SFDR) came into force, requiring funds to
                                                               be categorised according to the extent to which they
                                                               incorporate environmental and social criteria in their
                                                               decision making. Most of our funds in the market are
                                                               categorised as promoting environmental or social criteria
                                                               (Article 8 under SFDR), and we are actively exploring
                                                               strategies under Article 9 which have sustainable
                                                               investment as their objective.

                                                               At the Group level we issued an ESG-linked RCF during
                                                               the year, in which the economic terms are linked to us
                                                               achieving specific objectives relating to carbon emissions
                                                               and climate change, including our commitment to reduce
                                                               our Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions by 80% by 2030.
                                                               From a D&I perspective we undertook a group-wide
                                                               employee survey, continued our program of Board-level
                                                               engagement with employees, brought together our
                                                               various employee-led networks under a D&I Hub,




                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            19
Chief Executive Officer’s review continued




and supported several initiatives focussed on enhancing
inclusion within our industry including #10000Blackinterns
                                                                      2021 performance summary
and Level20, and becoming a core partner of the US
charitable organisation Seize Every Opportunity.                      We have made strong progress during the year
                                                                      against our strategic objectives:
Well capitalised and resilient balance sheet                          →→ Record profits:
bringing strategic benefits
                                                                                                                      1   Grow AUM
                                                                         Group Profit before Tax of
Our balance sheet is a key strategic enabler for the Group.
We use it to seed and accelerate new strategies, which
                                                                         £507.7m and Earnings per Share
                                                                         of 162.3p
                                                                                                                     $10.6bn
drives long-term value for the Fund Management                                                                       Third Party AUM raised across
Company as these strategies mature. Commitments to our                                                               16 strategies, bringing total
                                                                      →→ Strong fundraising:                         Third Party AUM to $56bn
more mature strategies ensure alignment of interests                     $10.6bn raised, bringing Third
between our shareholders, employees and clients.                         Party AUM to $56.2bn                         2   Invest
Our balance sheet investment portfolio is widely
diversified and is invested alongside our direct investment
                                                                      →→ Growth in Third Party Fee Income:
                                                                         £333.7m during the year, an
                                                                                                                     $7.2bn
funds in circa 300 companies across 26 industries and                                                                Third Party AUM deployed
                                                                         increase of 20% compared to FY20            from our direct investment
31 countries. Its value grew during the year from £2.2bn to
£2.6bn, with the key driver being £376m of unrealised                                                                funds
                                                                      →→ Well capitalised and resilient
gains due to the strong performance of our funds.
                                                                         balance sheet: £846.9m total                 3   Manage and realise
                                                                         available liquidity including               very strong portfolio
During the year we continued to invest in our future
                                                                         undrawn £550m ESG-linked RCF;               performance and realisations
growth by committing capital from our balance sheet to
                                                                         NAV per share increased to 566p;            of $5.1bn of Third Party Fee
develop emerging strategies where the teams have not yet
                                                                         net gearing of 0.63x                        Earning AUM
raised Third Party AUM. These commitments were made
in respect of our Life Sciences strategy and, shortly after
                                                                      →→ Progressive dividend policy: total
year end, our North American Private Equity and LP
                                                                         dividend up 10% at 56.0p per share
Secondaries strategies. These investments will accelerate
raising third party funds for these strategies when market
conditions allow. In addition to seeding new strategies,
the balance sheet has invested alongside our clients to                                                              Results presented on an APM
accelerate fundraising for our first vintage funds for                                                               basis (see page 38)
Infrastructure Equity and Sale and Leaseback. Both
developed a track record by investing balance sheet
capital before launching their first funds.
                                                                 Our confidence in our ability to execute on the
The balance sheet is well capitalised, with a net gearing of
                                                                 opportunities available to us is underlined by our
0.63x and available liquidity of £847m providing
                                                                 upgraded fundraising guidance: we now expect to raise
substantial flexibility to enable us to invest alongside our
                                                                 $40bn in aggregate in the four years to the end of FY25,
clients and to seed and accelerate new strategies.
                                                                 with at least $7bn raised in every financial year.
Outlook: Capitalising on the substantial
                                                                 I am incredibly proud of the results the ICG team has
long-term growth opportunity
                                                                 achieved this year. FY22 has started well, with Europe VIII
This year ICG has not only proven its operational and
                                                                 having its first close on 29 April 2021 and a strong pipeline
financial resilience, it has continued a trend of significant
                                                                 of investments and realisations across all our strategies.
profitable growth.
                                                                 We have a business model and financial profile that enable
                                                                 us to navigate the evolving and dynamic market conditions.
The structural tailwinds supporting the growth of the
                                                                 We will continue to invest in our people and platform, while
alternative asset management industry remain intact, and
                                                                 remaining disciplined and long-term in our approach to all
we have an excellent brand and platform from which to
                                                                 that we do. I look forward with optimism and confidence
execute on that opportunity. The power of our business
                                                                 that ICG is well placed to deliver substantial value to its
model is now clearer than ever: we combine a global
                                                                 stakeholders in the coming years.
footprint with local teams, and have high visibility on future
management fee income from our closed-end funds, and
                                                                 Benoît Durteste
are able to invest across the capital structure.
                                                                 CEO and CIO




20      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Our strategy and KPIs

Our performance


                                                                        1

                                                            We earn management fees on
                                                            committed or invested AUM




                                                                  Grow AUM




                                                                 Our strategic

                                           Manage
                                                                  objectives

                                                                                                 st
        3                                    an                                                ve                                      2
                                               dR   ea
                                                                                             In
                                                         lis
   We work with management teams                             e                                                 We identify and secure attractive
  in our investments to drive strategic                                                                      investment opportunities. We earn
   change. Successfully realising                                                                             performance fees if certain hurdle
    investments crystallises returns for                                                                                          rates are met
      clients and shareholders




                     Alternative performance measures
                     Our key performance indicators (KPIs) include alternative           The glossary on page 180 includes the definitions of these
                     performance measures, providing additional insight into             alternative performance measures and reconciliation to the
                     the performance of our business.                                    relevant IFRS measures.

                     The IFRS financial information on page 126 includes the             The following KPIs are alternative performance measures:
                     impact of the consolidated funds which are determined by            –– Assets under management
                     IFRS to be controlled by the Group, although the Group’s            –– FMC operating margin
                     loss exposure to these funds is limited to the capital
                                                                                         –– Weighted-average fee rate
                     invested by the Group in each fund.
                                                                                         –– Return on equity




                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            21
     Our strategy and KPIs continued

     Monitoring our progress

     Total AUM ($bn)                                          FMC operating margin                        Weighted-average fee                                        Deployment of direct
                                                              (%)                                         rate (%)                                                    investment funds (%)


     $59.6bn                                                  52.1%                                       0.85%
                                                                                                                                                                                   Fund invested at
                                                                                         53.6
                                                 59.6*
                                                                                                                                                                                   28 February 2021
                                                                                52.3              52.1                                                           120
                                                                                                            0.91
                                                                      45.4                                          0.86       0.86   0.86     0.85
                                         50.0                                                                                                                    100
                                                               41.2

                                                                                                                                                                      80

                                                                                                                                                         % required
                      35.3    36.2

                                                                                                                                                                      60

          25.5                                                                                                                                                                                       pa
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ce*
                                                                                                                                                                      40                Lin
                                                                                                                                                                                           ea
                                                                                                                                                                                             rinv
                                                                                                                                                                                                 es
                                                                                                                                                                                                   tm
                                                                                                                                                                                                     en
                                         11.3   10.6                                                                                                                  20                               t
                     9.6      9.7
          5.6
New AUM


                                                                                                                                                                                     % invested
          17         18       19         20      21            17     18        19      20        21        17      18         19     20       21                       0     20     40 60 80                100
     ** Total AUM includes Balance Sheet                                                                                                                              ** Circle size indicates the Fund size.
        Investments portfolio of $3.4bn.

     Raising third-party funds is                             The FMC operating margin                    The weighted average fee                                    Closed-end funds have a finite
     the lead indicator of the                                is a measure of the efficiency              rate on fee-earning AUM is                                  life and represent 87% of AUM.
     Group’s profitability.                                   and scalability of the business.            a measure of profitability.                                 For these funds it is important
                                                              The Group has invested                      Fees reflect the risk/return                                for the capital to be deployed
     We expect to raise $40.0bn in                            substantially in its growth and             profile of the underlying asset.                            over the investment period.
     aggregate over the next four                             the return on this investment is            The weighted average fee rate                               We monitor this against a
     years, and at least $7.0bn in                            measured through the operating              across the Group will depend                                straight-line deployment basis.
     every year.                                              margin. The Group is targeting              on the composition of AUM
                                                              a margin above 50%.                         between the lower fee-earning
                                                                                                          credit funds and the higher
                                                                                                          fee-earning corporate and
                                                                                                          secondaries strategies.

     Performance                                              Performance                                 Performance                                                 Performance
     Exceptional fundraising                                  The FMC operating margin                    The weighted-average fee rate                               Our ability to invest across the
     performance in an off-cycle                              remains above our target as the             on fee-earning AUM is 0.85%, in                             capital structure is a particular
     year raised $10.6bn of new                               Group continues to benefit                  line with the prior year.                                   strategic strength during
     Third Party AUM. This                                    from raising and deploying                                                                              periods of uncertainty.
     exceeded the pace of                                     capital while maintaining                                                                               Identifying attractive
     realisations from older funds                            discipline and control over                                                                             opportunities resulted in a
     resulting in growth in                                   the cost base.                                                                                          higher pace of deployment.
     total AUM.

     Alignment to strategic
     objective
          1                                                    1      2                                     1                                                           2

     Strategic alignment
      1          Grow AUM            2   Invest selectively               North America Fund II          ICG Europe Fund VII             Sale & Leaseback                          ICG Senior Debt Partners IV

      3          Manage portfolios to maximise value                      Infrastructure Equity          ICG-Longbow V                   Strategic Equity III                      ICG Europe Mid-Market



     22              ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
         Percentage of realised                         UK senior management                       Return on equity (%)                Ordinary dividend per
         assets exceeding                               gender diversity (%)                                                           share (p)
         performance hurdle (%)

                                                        26.8%                                      32.9%                               56.0p
         88.2%
                      95.5                                                                                                     32.9
               92.1          91.7   92.0                                                                                                                            56.0
                                             88.2                             26.6   26.3   26.8
                                                                                                                                                             50.8

                                                                   22.8                                                                               45.0
                                                          20.6


                                                                                                           19.1   20.0
                                                                                                    18.0                                       30.0
                                                                                                                                        27.0
 Number of
realisations
               38


                             24     26
                      22                                                                                                 7.9
                                             17




               17     18     19     20       21           17       18     19         20     21      17     18     19     20    21       17     18     19     20     21



         A key indicator of our ability to              We believe a more diverse                  The Group has targeted an           The Group’s ability to pay
         manage portfolios to maximise                  and inclusive workforce will               ROE in excess of 13%.               dividends and return value to
         value is the level of realised                 enhance the delivery of our                                                    shareholders is a measure of its
         assets for which the return is                 strategic objectives and                                                       ability to generate returns from
         above the fund performance                     shareholder value. We have                                                     managing third-party funds.
         hurdle rate. This is the minimum               pledged to increase the number
         return level clients expect and                of women in senior management                                                  The Group’s dividend policy is
         the point at which the Group                   roles in an industry in which                                                  to recommend a dividend
         earns performance fees.                        senior investment positions are                                                pay-out of 80-100% of the Fund
                                                        held predominantly by men.                                                     Management Company profit
         Details of the hurdle rate per                                                                                                after tax on an APM basis.
         fund can be found on page 186.

         Performance                                    Performance                                Performance                         Performance
         Successful realisations are an                 Continued progress in                      Record profits in both Fund         We have maintained our
         important part of managing our                 improving our gender balance               Management Company and              progressive dividend.
         funds’ portfolios. We took                     across the business. We are                Investment Company have
         advantage of attractive                        developing business practices              resulted in substantial growth
         opportunities during this year                 and a culture in which diversity           in ROE.
         to realise $5.1bn of investments               and inclusion thrive. It will take
         within Third Party Fee                         time for the measures we have
         Earning AUM.                                   put in place to be reflected in
                                                        these statistics.


               3                                          1       2       3                        N/A                                 N/A



         Details of our Executive Director KPIs are shown on page 93.




                                                                                                                          ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021        23
Stakeholder engagement

Engagement with our stakeholders

Section 172 statement                                         Our key stakeholder groups
As required by the Companies Act 2006, the Directors          The Directors consider that the following groups are the
have had regard to wider stakeholder needs when               Group’s key stakeholders. The Board seeks to understand
performing their duties under s.172. In particular, the       the interests of each stakeholder group so that these may
Directors recognise the importance of acting in a way that    be properly factored into the Board’s decisions. We do
promotes the long-term success of the Company to the          this through various methods including direct engagement
benefit of its members as a whole.                            by Board members where relevant; receiving reports and
                                                              updates from members of management; and receiving
We set out on the following pages how the Directors           input and counsel from external experts as appropriate.
considered the interests of stakeholders. The clearest
example of this is in capital allocation and the use of
our balance sheet to support the long-term growth
of our Fund Management Company. During the year,                                          reholders & lenders
in determining the level of commitments our balance sheet                              Sha
would make to new funds, management and the Board
balanced a number of considerations including:                                rs
                                                                   Re                                                                 ts
–– The long-term prospects of such new funds, what                   gu
                                                                                                                                 Clien
                                                                       lat
   quantity of third-party AUM such funds and future                      o
   vintages were likely to attract, and the management fee
   streams that would result from such third-party funds
–– The level of balance sheet commitment needed to
   establish a track record to enable the Group to raise
   third-party AUM or to demonstrate alignment of
   interests between the Group and its clients

                                                                                                                                       Em p
–– The liquidity needs of the business

                                                                pliers
                                                             Sup                                                                           loyees
–– The need to pay dividends to shareholders in line with
   our stated policy
–– The prevailing market conditions




                                                                               En
                                                                                 vir                                      i es
                                                                                    on m                             u nit
                                                                                           en t                    m
                                                                                                             Com



                                                              Read about how the Board engages with stakeholders on page 60




24     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Stakeholder engagement


             Shareholders & lenders                                         Clients


   Effective access to capital is crucial for the success of      Clients entrust us with their money to invest on their    Why is it
   the Group, and fostering a supportive investor base            behalf. The single largest driver of our long-term        important to
   that is interested in the long-term prospects of the           growth is continuing to attract increasing levels of      engage?
   Group is of strategic importance.                              capital from our clients.

   We seek to foster a two-way dialogue with both current         Ensuring that we understand our clients’ needs
   and potential shareholders and lenders.                        and serve them appropriately is fundamental to the
                                                                  success of the Group.
   We strive to communicate clearly to them our
   performance and prospects.

   We also seek to understand their views on our industry
   and our business so that these perspectives can be
   factored into management and Board decisions.

   The Group conducts an active Investor Relations                We are continually considering the position of our        How have the
   programme, engaging with shareholders, lenders and             clients, and how we can best engage with them. More       Board and
   rating agencies throughout the year using a variety of         information on our clients can be found on page 3.        management
   channels. Details of this can be found on page 60.                                                                       engaged?
                                                                  Our in-house distribution team engages regularly with
   The Board and management receive feedback                      all clients and potential clients, providing detailed
   on shareholder and lender views directly from                  updates on fund performance, new funds and other
   shareholders, from the Group’s Investor Relations              business developments.
   function and from third parties such as our
   corporate brokers.                                             We continued to hold annual client investor days and
                                                                  investor conferences, ensuring our clients had access
                                                                  to our in-house distribution team as well as senior
                                                                  management and members of our investment teams.

–– Ability to deliver continued strong growth                  –– Designing products to meet clients’ needs                 What were the
   for shareholders                                            –– Factoring ESG considerations into our                     key topics of
–– Clear communication of strategy                                investment processes                                      engagement?
–– Understanding our shareholders’ and lenders’                –– Continuing engagement programme despite the
   ESG requirements                                               constraints of the pandemic
–– Balance sheet liquidity                                     –– Reporting of portfolio performance

–– Increased engagement with current and potential             –– Enhanced the reporting of ESG activities for              Outcomes as a
   shareholders both through regular reporting and                portfolio companies                                       result of that
   off-cycle                                                   –– Developed a number of funds with sustainable              engagement
–– Enhancing relationships with the analyst and broader           elements (for example Infrastructure Equity,
   financial community                                            Sale and Leaseback and Real Estate Fund VI)
–– Appointed Citi Global Markets Limited as Joint              –– Continued to broaden our expertise and offering
   Corporate Broker alongside Numis Securities Limited            of funds to meet client needs such as hiring a
–– Positive outreach programme in place of Annual General         Life Sciences team
   Meeting which was “closed” due to restrictions on           –– Offered successor vintages of established funds
   gatherings                                                     to meet client demand
–– Maintaining and upgrading the credit rating of the Group




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         25
Stakeholder engagement continued




                                Employees                                                    Suppliers


Why is it             The success of the Group depends on collaboration            We work to ensure that our key suppliers are engaged
important to          and expertise across teams.                                  with our business and that each party understands the
engage?                                                                            approach of the other.
                      Effective two-way communication with our employees
                      is essential to build and maintain engagement.               This enables our suppliers to better meet our needs and
                      Our employee engagement informs us where we                  us to understand their perspective, as well as delivering
                      are doing well and where further development                 appropriate oversight of the supplier relationship.
                      should be considered and applied.



How have the          We have a number of formal and informal channels to          We hold regular relationship meetings with our key
Board and             achieve this, including our confidential employee            suppliers to ensure that any issues in our interactions
management            engagement surveys, regular whole company business           with them are fully considered and addressed.
engaged?              briefings and regular team meetings.

                      Amy Schioldager is the NED responsible for employee
                      engagement, and she held a number of formal and
                      informal sessions with employees during the year in
                      individual and group forums.

                      Details of our employee engagement can be found on
                      page 36.


What were the      –– Managing the complexities (practically and emotionally)   –– Ability of third-party administrators to support us
key topics of         of working from home                                         during Covid-19
engagement?        –– Integrating new hires remotely                            –– Liquidity challenges faced by smaller suppliers
                   –– Succession planning                                       –– Ethical procurement practices
                   –– Ensuring that the employee experience is not impacted
                      by our growth trajectory
                   –– Growth and development of our employees
                   –– Wellbeing of employees


Outcomes as a      –– Increased the level of formal engagement with senior      –– Reviewed prompt payment practices to ensure that
result of that        management, for example through more regular                 suppliers are not left unpaid for inappropriate lengths
engagement            ‘town halls’                                                 of time
                   –– Implemented new system of performance management          –– Supplier management programme reviewed and
                      and reviews                                                  specialist in oversight of suppliers hired to review
                   –– Rollout of enhanced training and development                 key relationships
                      programme for employees                                   –– Conducted Modern Slavery policy review
                   –– Ongoing diversity initiative led by our Diversity and
                      Inclusion hub
                   –– Virtual global induction event held for new joiners




26     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
             Local community                                               Environment


   We are a people business, with offices in 14 countries        We are aware of the impact of our business                Why is it
   and investing money on behalf of clients including            operations on the environment. We are seeking             important to
   pension funds and insurance companies worldwide.              to reduce our own negative impact, and those of           engage?
                                                                 our funds’ portfolio companies.
   Our actions have meaningful and direct impacts on
   local communities. It is incumbent upon us to ensure
   that we actively cultivate and maintain strong local
   relationships and help our local communities share in
   our success.


   We carried out a review of our contribution to                Details of our focus on environmental matters and         How have the
   wider society and we have decided to substantially            climate risk can be found on pages 33 and 34.             Board and
   increase our work in the area of social inclusion                                                                       management
   through education.                                                                                                      engaged?




–– Identifying the most appropriate way for the Group         –– How to integrate climate risks into our corporate         What were the
   to positively impact its local communities                    decision making                                           key topics of
–– Continued commitment of employee time to                   –– Ensuring that investment decisions are made with          engagement?
   charitable initiatives                                        appropriate regard to environmental factors, including
                                                                 our shareholders’ and lenders’ ESG requirements




–– Established more robust internal governance around         –– Moved London head office to an energy efficient           Outcomes as a
   charitable giving                                             building, reducing our carbon footprint                   result of that
–– Donated £250,000 to the Covid-19 Solidarity                –– Developed a Climate Risk Assessment tool that is being    engagement
   Response Fund for the World Health Organization               implemented firm-wide to ensure all investments are
   and City Harvest                                              assessed with a view to climate risk (see page 30)
–– £1.5m, three-year relationship with the Education          –– Focused on developing funds that have a positive
   Endowment Foundation supporting the Nuffield Early            environmental impact (see page 30)
   Learning Intervention and the Tutor Trust                  –– Incorporated explicit ESG targets into the terms of our
–– Local charitable partnerships led by each of our offices      new Revolving Credit Facility (see page 32)
                                                              –– ESG training provided to all investment employees
                                                              –– Stephen Welton nominated as the NED responsible for
                                                                 ESG matters
                                                              –– Enhanced relationship with SolarAid to offset our
                                                                 carbon dioxide emissions




                                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          27
Stakeholder engagement continued



                                                                                            Financial reporting
                                                                                             During the financial year ended
                                                                                             31 March 2021 the UK’s work
                                                                                             from home requirement
                                                                               imposed as a response to the pandemic
                                Regulators                                     made the year end process more
                                                                               operationally challenging for the Group, and
                                                                               for our auditors to complete their audit. The
                                                                               Audit Committee recommended to the Board
Why is it             We are subject to regulation by a variety of financial   that, in order to ensure an orderly market
important to          regulators in a number of jurisdictions worldwide.       announcement of the results for the financial
engage                                                                         year ended 31 March 2020, sufficient time for
                      Understanding and adhering to the standards set by       appropriate preparation and scrutiny of the
                      these bodies is of paramount importance to our           Group’s accounts should be made available.
                      standing as an asset manager and to meeting the
                      expectations of our stakeholders.

                      We mandate our employees to comply with these
                      standards, which are built into our business practices
                      and processes.

How have the       –– We engage with regulators in a transparent                            Shareholder engagement
Board and             manner, completing required filings and other                         The Board recognised very
management            submissions and acting responsively and                               early in the pandemic that
engaged               thoughtfully to any inbound queries                                   additional engagement with
                                                                               shareholders would be necessary to ensure
                                                                               that the Group’s financial strength was
                                                                               clearly understood. The Board supported
                                                                               management’s enhancement of the ongoing
                                                                               shareholder relations programme, increasing
                                                                               communication with current and potential
                                                                               shareholders and ensuring that information
                                                                               provided to analysts and the broader
                                                                               financing community emphasised the
What were the      –– We participate in industry bodies and consultations      long-term nature of the Group’s fee streams
key topics of         and provide input to regulators through these and        and diversity of investment portfolio.
engagement            similar channels




                                                                                            Capital allocation
Outcomes as a      –– We continued to strengthen our presence in                             Throughout the year, the Board
result of that        Luxembourg to meet the regulatory requirements                         carefully considered capital
engagement            set out by the CSSF                                                    allocation in line with the
                   –– We have overhauled our LIBOR-related                     business plan proposed by management
                      documentation to take account of forthcoming             (which was similar but not identical to the
                      changes and best practice                                original pre-pandemic plan). It was
                   –– After participation in a number of industry round        concluded on each occasion that it was in the
                      tables with regulators, we reviewed all fund             long-term interests of stakeholders for the
                      documentation and related disclosures in respect of      Group to continue to seek to grow its range
                      the implementation of the Sustainable Finance            of funds and investment strategies, and that
                      Disclosure Regulations                                   there were sufficient resources available to
                                                                               continue this. As such, the Group has
                                                                               continued to deploy capital from its balance
                                                                               sheet throughout the year in support of new
                                                                               and existing strategies.




28     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
             Employee support and engagement                                          Additional Board meetings
             At all Board meetings during the year, including a number of ad hoc      During the initial phase of the pandemic, a number
             meetings, the Board received regular updates from the Chief People       of additional ad hoc Board meetings were held.
             and External Affairs Officer about employee wellbeing, and offered       These were partly for the purpose of receiving a
their views on how employees could best be supported (through initiatives such as     business update from the Executive Directors, but
wellbeing programmes and technology provision).                                       also served an important purpose in allowing the
                                                                                      Board to pool their thoughts and ideas about
Amy Schioldager, the designated NED for employee engagement, continued her            responding to the pandemic in the interests of all
work with employees, conducting focus groups during the year with a range of          our stakeholders. This contribution helped guide
employees globally to obtain their feedback on the ongoing challenging                the Group in a prudent and forward-thinking
circumstances. She reported on this work formally to the Nominations and              manner through challenging market conditions.
Governance Committee leading to further discussion about the support provided
to employees.




Stakeholder focus during the pandemic                                                              Dividend considerations
From the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Board has acted                                     Throughout the first quarter of the
                                                                                                     financial year, the Board carefully
with a range of stakeholder interests in mind. Although other
                                                                                                     considered the appropriate level for
important stakeholder matters have been considered during the                         a potential dividend for FY20, noting the market
year (see page 60), a significant portion of the Board’s time has                     sentiment and advice from industry bodies that
been spent considering matters relating to the pandemic and the                       dividends should not be paid if this would lead to
impact on the Group’s business and stakeholders.                                      undue pressure being placed on a company’s
                                                                                      resources. However, after careful consideration it
                                                                                      was felt that this was not the case for the Group,
                                                                                      even during the market uncertainty caused by the
                                                                                      pandemic; it was also felt that it was in the best
                                                                                      interests of all stakeholders to adhere to the
                                                                                      previously disseminated dividend policy. As such,
                                                                                      the Board recommended a dividend in line with
                                                                                      that policy.




             Community engagement and CSR                                                          Office move
              Given the very difficult circumstances across society, the Board                       In the first half of 2020 the Board
              considered it more important than ever that it should continue to                      elected to terminate the lease of its
              support the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility programme                          former London head office sooner
during the pandemic, including an additional charitable allocation of £250,000 to     than it would have otherwise been able to had the
seek to alleviate food poverty and to support the efforts of the World Health         office been needed for employees. This reduced
Organization. The charitable initiatives in the education sector sponsored by the     the carbon footprint of office occupancy. In
Board in the prior financial year also benefited from continued support, leading to   September 2020, the Group took occupancy of a
significant donations to two UK-based charities which delivered improved              new head office. The building is designed to be
educational outcomes for underprivileged school children during the pandemic          energy efficient and to permit employees to work
(see page 27 for more details).                                                       in more flexible and collaborative ways. During the
                                                                                      design phase additional safety measures were
                                                                                      implemented to protect our workforce against any
                                                                                      risks arising from Covid-19 for those returning to
                                                                                      the office.




                                                                                            ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              29
Responsible business

Our approach to responsible investing

Focused on climate change                                      “While the repercussions of the pandemic have shifted priorities
Climate stability is one of our key ESG priorities and this
                                                               for many companies and individuals, I believe that ESG issues,
year we enhanced our Responsible Investing Policy,
further formalising our commitment to foster a more            and particularly climate change, will be more relevant than ever in
sustainable economy and our focus on the need to               a post-Covid world.”
address climate change.
                                                                Benoît Durteste
Our industry has a key role to play in mitigating climate
change and we have taken the decision to ban any direct
investments in companies that generate a majority of
revenue from coal, oil or gas (with some exemptions for
                                                                Annual ESG portfolio company survey
gas infrastructure) across all our funds.
                                                                                  Climate change highlights
We have implemented a Climate Risk Assessment tool into
all our investment process and, in strategies where we                            Climate featured strongly again this year with significant
have the necessary level of access to and influence over                          progress achieved across all key areas. 57 portfolio companies
management, we have set climate-related targets and                               were approached with 49 responding to the survey across
conducted Fund-level carbon footprint analysis.                                   three investment strategies. Key highlights were as follows:

We believe collaboration across our industry is vital and we
were an instigator and launch signatory of the UK network
of Initiative Climat International (iCI) – a collective
commitment to reduce the carbon emissions of private-
                                                                  37%                                        43%
                                                                  of surveyed portfolio companies            of surveyed portfolio companies
equity-backed companies. Since its launch in July 2020,           have assigned Board or                     have set climate change
the iCI UK network has rapidly expanded to include 20 UK          management responsibility                  or energy related objectives
private equity and debt asset managers with a combined            for climate change                         and targets
AUM of over £170 billion. As a member of the UK
Operational Committee, the Group plays a key role in              (up from 26% in 2019)                      (in line with 44% in 2019)
determining the agenda and is also actively involved in the
Science-Based Target, the Carbon Footprint and the
Regulatory working groups, developing standards and
guidance, and sharing best practice across our industry.




                                                                  1portfolio
                                                                      in 3companies surveyed                 1portfolio
                                                                                                                 in 3companies
                                                                  have assessed the business risks           surveyed assess their
                                                                  and opportunities associated               carbon footprint
                                                                  with climate change

                                                                  (increase from 1 in 4 in 2019)             (up from 1 in 4 in 2019)




30      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
  Embedding Responsible Investing across strategies
  Our approach to ESG Integration
  Our Responsible Investing Policy provides the overarching charter for our approach to responsible investment and covers 100% of the Group’s
  assets under management. For each investment strategy, we analyse ESG issues at every stage of the investment process from screening,
  through due diligence, closing and monitoring to eventual exit. Each ICG investment strategy implements the relevant ESG considerations,
  depending on the nature of the strategy and the level of influence over and access to management.



                                          Pre-investment                                                                                   Exit




Deal screening                                                                    Portfolio monitoring




  Exclusion list                      Due diligence                       Engagement                            Divestment


  –– Arms and munitions               –– ESG due diligence findings       –– Annual ESG survey completed        –– Preparation for exit and
  –– Tobacco                             included in all investment          by portfolio companies                visibility for potential buyers
  –– Forced and child labour             proposals                        –– Investment teams engage
  –– Coal, oil and gas                –– Climate risk screening              regularly with portfolio
                                                                             companies/GPs

  All strategies                      Strategies with greater influence   Strategies with greater influence     Strategies with greater influence
                                      in the capital structure            in the capital structure              in the capital structure
  –– ESG Screening checklist          –– Third-party expert ESG due       –– Raise issues to portfolio          –– Conduct sell-side ESG due
  –– Sector and industry ESG risk         diligence typically conducted       company boards                        diligence prior to exit to
     identifiers aligned with SASB:       as standard                     –– Establish bespoke ESG KPIs             include climate risk assessment
                                                                              for portfolio companies               and review of performance
    –– Climate risk                                                       –– Implementation of ESG action
    –– Bribery and corruption                                                 plans and targets for portfolio
    –– Reputational risk                                                      company boards
    –– Corporate governance                                               –– Establish climate change
                                                                              and energy-focused KPIs
                                                                              and targets
                                                                          –– Carbon footprinting of
                                                                              portfolio companies

  ESG Tools
  –– RepRisk screening and monitor –– Climate risk assessment             –– Establish climate change
                                      incorporated as standard               and energy-focused KPIs
                                      where external ESG due                 and targets
                                      diligence is conducted              –– Carbon footprinting of assets




                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021               31
Responsible business continued




Portfolio company engagement                                            ICG’s UNPRI Assessment Results 2020
Over the past 12 months we have
                                                                        Strategy &
Surveyed 57 portfolio companies with an 86% response rate               Governance:              A+
                                                                                                                                             A
Tracked over 150 ESG KPIs across three funds
                                                                        Private
                                                                        Equity:                  A+
                                                                                                                                        A
                                                                        Fixed
                                                                        Income:                   A
                                                                                                                                        B
Covid-19 Response
We are proud to report that 63% of fund portfolio companies                                                    ICG score          Median score
surveyed provided products or services (or made donations) to their
communities to support Covid-19 relief efforts. These included:
–– RSEA, a portfolio company in our Asia-Pacific fund, worked closely   ICG’s Commitment to Climate Change
   with the Australian government and was appointed to the Federal
   government’s Covid-19 Response Team, providing pro-bono
   supply chain advice and assistance in sourcing ventilators and       CDP Climate
   other essential PPE                                                  Change                    A-
–– Garnica Spain, a portfolio company in our European fund,             Assessment:                                          C
   launched ‘GarnicaHelps’, a non-profit initiative, and manufactured
   and donated 1,067 wooden screens and 152 beds to Spanish
                                                                                                               ICG score          Median score
   hospitals and nursing homes during the crisis
–– Coreapuff, a portfolio company in our Asia-Pacific fund,
   diversified in order to produce over one million facemasks a month
   using existing machinery and employees to supply five of the major
   supermarkets in Korea. It has also donated around 200,000 masks           Case study
   to 12 different local municipal and relief organisations to date          ESG-linked credit facility

                                                                             £550m
                                                                             Sustainability-linked Revolving Credit Facility launched

                                                                             In February 2021 the Group launched its first
                                                                             £550m Sustainability-linked Revolving Credit Facility.

                                                                             This was an important refinancing for the Group,
                                                                             supporting the growth objectives and providing alignment
                                                                             with the ESG ambitions around climate change.

                                                                             The facility includes climate-related metrics. If the metrics
                                                                             are achieved the Group benefits on the facility margin and
                                                                             commitment fee.




1. Population of 1,681 Investment Managers




32        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Environment

Greenhouse gas emission reporting
We report location-based and market-based Scope 2 emissions in                                Methodology continued
accordance with the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting                                   The location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity
(SECR) requirements (see page 113).                                                           of national power grids from which energy is consumed.

We recognise that businesses have a responsibility to protect the                             The market-based figure reflects emissions from electricity
environment and understand the impact their operations have.                                  purchasing decisions. When quantifying emissions using the
We take appropriate measures to limit our energy use and                                      market-based approach we have used a supplier-specific emissions
carbon output.                                                                                factor where possible. If these factors were unavailable, a residual mix
                                                                                              emissions factor was then used, and as a final alternative the location-
Policies and standards                                                                        based grid emissions factor was used.
We have a Climate Change Policy (see page 30) and report our
emissions in line with the World Resources Institute’s Greenhouse                             Performance
Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.                               Our Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions have decreased by 64%
We consolidate our organisational boundary according to the                                   compared to the prior financial year, primarily due to the closure of
operational control approach. We have adopted a materiality                                   two London offices in the move to a new head office. The new office
threshold of 5% for GHG reporting purposes.                                                   achieved a Gold SKA rating and does not use natural gas.

Methodology                                                                                   Scope 3 business travel emissions have substantially reduced due to
Consumption data has been converted into CO2 equivalent using:                                restrictions on travel as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic.
–– UK Government 2019 Conversion Factors for Company
   Reporting; and                                                                             For the first time, we are also including the emissions associated with
–– International Energy Agency international electricity conversion                           the portfolio companies of ICG Europe Fund VII and ICG
   factors (to calculate emissions from corresponding activity data).                         Infrastructure Equity Fund. These emissions represent the Scope 1-3
                                                                                              total (market-based) emissions from the 2019-20 reporting period.
The GHG sources are:
                                                                                              The Group offsets all its reported emissions through supporting
–– Scope 1: Natural gas combustion within boilers, road fuel                                  SolarAid, an international charity that combats poverty and climate
   combustion within owned/leased vehicles, and fugitive                                      change. During the year the Group donated a total of £76,915
   refrigerants from air-conditioning equipment                                               including a donation of £11,915 to offset 3,160 tonnes of CO2
–– Scope 2: Purchased electricity consumption for our own use                                 generated by the Group in 2020.
–– Scope 3: Business travel (grey fleet, rail, and air) and water use


Operational scope                                           Greenhouse gas emission source                                       2021         20201                              Units


Energy consumption                                          Electricity                                                       1,480         1,468                              mWh

                                                            Fuel                                                                  38            68                             mWh

Direct emissions (Scope 1)                                  Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities                        11            66                  Tonnes CO2e

Indirect emissions (Scope 2)                                Purchased electricity/heat (location-based)                         396           448                   Tonnes CO2e

                                                            Purchased electricity/heat (market-based)                           184           479                   Tonnes CO2e

Indirect emissions (Scope 3)                                Business travel: flights and rail                                    42         2,647                   Tonnes CO2e

Total greenhouse gas emissions                                                                                                  491          3,161                  Tonnes CO2e

Emissions per FTE3                                                                                                                1.1          6.6       Tonnes CO2e per FTE

Direct and Indirect emissions                               In-scope fund investments                                      54,9972            N/A                   Tonnes CO2e

1. 28% of the Scope 1 emissions, 69% of Scope 2 (location-based) emissions and 43% of Scope 2 (market-based) emissions arise in the UK and offshore areas.
2. These emissions represent the total Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions from the 2019-20 reporting period for the portfolio companies of ICG Europe Fund VII and ICG
   Infrastructure Equity Fund.
3. 456 Full Time Equivalent (FTE) employees include contractors as well as permanent employees. The decrease in emissions per FTE is due to the impact of Covid-19 travel restrictions.




+ Read more about environmental matters on pages 27 and 34


                                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                      33
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Investment opportunities in a low carbon economy

Governance                                                               Strategy
The Group’s Responsible Investing (RI) Policy covers 100% of the         Funds managed by the Group invest in a range of asset classes, which
Group’s AUM and provides the overarching charter for our approach        differ in size, geographical location and industry sector. We monitor
to responsible investment. The RI Policy establishes our ESG             and manage these assets depending on the fund’s investment
investment priorities across a range of topic areas, including climate   horizon, risk profile and asset concentration. We analyse ESG issues,
change. It is supplemented by a dedicated Climate Change Policy,         including climate change, at each stage of the investment process
which requires us to consider the implications of greenhouse gas         from screening, through due diligence, closing, monitoring and
emission reductions (mitigation) and the physical impacts of climate     eventual exit. Each investment strategy implements the ESG
change (adaptation) in our investment research, valuation, and           considerations relevant to it, which depend on the nature of the
decision-making processes.                                               strategy and the level of access to, and influence over, portfolio
                                                                         company management.
The Board reviews our approach to responsible investing and
corporate sustainability and is accountable for our RI Policy, for       As a Group, our own operations are not exposed to material
monitoring its implementation and for approving material changes to      environmental risks since our global footprint operates from leased
it. During the financial year ended 31 March 2021 our RI Policy was      offices. We have a comprehensive risk governance framework and
updated to reflect our enhanced approach to climate-change-related       compliance processes and procedures to ensure that all risks,
topics. The Executive Directors are responsible for ensuring the         including ESG risks, are monitored and managed and that the Group
effective implementation of our RI Policy.                               is fully compliant with all applicable environmental legislation.

The Group’s Management Committee supports the Executive                  Climate change poses a significant threat not only to the global
Directors in overseeing and monitoring our policies and procedures,      economy but to society as a whole, and this presents both risks and
addressing issues if they arise and approving new strategies,            opportunities for investments over the short and long term. As such,
including those with specific climate-related objectives and targets.    we recognise that the financial impact from climate-related issues are
                                                                         most likely to materialise through our investment decisions. As set out
Day-to-day implementation of the RI Policy is the responsibility of      in the Risk Management section opposite, we have developed
all investment professionals, guided by the Group’s RI Committee.        processes to support us in understanding where climate-related risk
The RI Committee oversees the promotion, support and integration         may be realised and to support our engagement with investees.
of responsible and sustainable business practices, including in
respect of climate change matters, across the investment strategies      We recognise that the low carbon economy transition represents a
and their portfolios.                                                    potential investment opportunity, and that transitioning to a more
                                                                         sustainable economy will require innovative strategies. We have
Climate-related risk and opportunity considerations are included in      considered climate-related opportunities in the development of new
investment proposals, which are presented to, and considered by,         strategies, including when developing our new Sale and Leaseback
the relevant Investment Committee. Where there could be material         and Infrastructure Equity investment strategies.
ESG or climate-related risk and opportunity arising from a proposed
investment, the Investment Committee invites a member of the             During the current year
responsible investing team to the discussion.                            –– We have increased our efforts to better understand where climate-
                                                                            related risk and opportunity could be present in our portfolios
During the current year                                                  –– We secured a £550 million ESG-linked Revolving Credit Facility,
–– We completed the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Climate                 with adjustments to the margin and commitment fee linked to
   Change disclosure for the seventh time in 2020. This includes            achieving specific climate-related metrics related to reducing our
   questions on both our investment practice and processes and our          emissions and integrating climate risk into our investment analysis.
   operations. We received an ‘A-’ score for our performance in             Read more on page 32
   2020, in line with the prior year                                     –– Our planned flagship Europe Fund VIII will incorporate climate
–– The Board was provided with an update on climate-related risk            change as one of its three key ESG themes and require portfolio
   and opportunity. This included training materials on potential           companies to improve performance associated with energy
   financial and operational impacts of climate-related issues for the      efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions
   Group and our investments and the Group’s new Climate Risk            –– Our new real estate debt strategy ICG-Real Estate Debt Fund VI
   Assessment Process                                                       offers funding under a green loan framework, based on the Loan
                                                                            Market Association Green Loan Principles, to incentivise
                                                                            sustainable real estate activities
                                                                         –– We joined forces with a group of private equity investors to create
                                                                            the first international network of Initiative Climat International
                                                                            (iCI). In doing so, we committed to actively engage with portfolio
                                                                            companies globally to reduce carbon emissions intensity and
                                                                            secure sustainable investment performance by recognising and
                                                                            incorporating the materiality of climate risk



34     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
–– Our new London head office has been furnished with the most           –– identified portfolio companies with higher exposure to climate-
   energy efficient and sustainable materials possible and sources          related risks, based on industry classification in accordance with
   100% renewable energy. We achieved a Gold SKA Rating, an                 the recommendations of the TCFD, supplemented to incorporate
   environmental benchmark and standard, for the fit-out                    a further three additional industry sectors: pharmaceuticals, water
                                                                            and waste
Risk management                                                          –– evaluated investments selected from each investment strategy to
We have integrated the review, assessment and monitoring of climate         consider potential climate-related financial risk and opportunity.
change considerations into our investment process. For each potential       This assessment evaluated both the physical impacts of climate
investment opportunity, we identify whether there are any material          change and the low-carbon economy transition, using a business-
climate change-related issues associated with the investment.               as-usual scenario and a 2°C or lower scenario as per the
                                                                            recommendations of the TCFD. We have used the outcomes from
We use our Climate Risk Assessment Tool to guide this process.              this assessment to selectively engage with investees on the topic
The tool assesses potential climate risk associated with an investment      of climate change and the resilience of strategies to climate-
by evaluating industry sub-sector, low-carbon economy transition,           related issues
and climate change physical risk-related issues. The tool draws upon
various data sources which are regularly reviewed and updated as         Metrics and targets
necessary. For opportunities identified as having a higher potential     We are focused on decarbonising our portfolio, integrating climate
exposure to climate-related risks, additional analysis must be           risk assessments into our investment decisions, and improving and
completed during the pre-acquisition due diligence process.              monitoring energy efficiency and reducing emissions at both
                                                                         portfolio company and fund level. While we do not set emission
The Climate Risk Assessment Tool is embedded within our ESG              targets for our fund portfolios systematically, where we have
Screening Checklist and this assessment is recorded in each              influence we encourage our portfolio companies to set targets to
investment proposal. This ensures that climate-related risk and          reduce their carbon footprint and to monitor a range of climate-
opportunity exposure have been explicitly assessed by the relevant       related metrics relevant to sector and geography.
Investment Committee and considered when making the investment
decision. Where material climate-related issues are identified, the      –– We disclose our organisational greenhouse gas emissions in
Investment Committee may decide not to proceed; may request                 alignment with the World Resources Institute’s Greenhouse Gas
further action is taken to ensure these issues are properly                 (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.
investigated; or may require further actions to be taken following          We quantify and report our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and
an investment.                                                              voluntarily report our Scope 3 indirect emissions from business
                                                                            travel. See page 33
In situations where we have significant influence over portfolio         –– We undertook a carbon footprint analysis of Europe Fund VII and
companies, external ESG due diligence, including a specific analysis        the Infrastructure Equity Fund, and these financed emissions have
of climate-related risks and opportunities, is conducted as standard        been incorporated into our emissions reporting. See page 33
and the results incorporated in the Investment Committee review          –– We are on track to meet the target set in 2019 to reduce Scope 1
process.                                                                    and Scope 2 carbon emissions across our operations by 80
                                                                            percent by 2030
During the current year
                                                                         –– As a member of iCI, we sit on three working groups, including the
In line with our commitment to support a more climate-resilient
                                                                            Carbon Footprint working group and the Science-Based Target
economy, we introduced new prohibitions on any direct investments
                                                                            (SBT) working group. The latter is actively engaging with the SBT
in companies that generate the majority of their revenue from:
                                                                            Initiative to consider how science-based targets can be best
–– Coal exploration, extraction, production, transportation, power          applied to private equity and debt portfolios
   generation, distribution and/or storage                               –– In order to improve and standardise carbon reporting we are
–– Oil (including oil from tar sands) exploration, extraction,              involved in designing a tool for the private equity industry to
   production, transportation, power generation, distribution and/          measure Scope 1, 2 and (ultimately) 3 emissions
   or storage
–– Gas exploration, extraction and/or production

We worked with an external adviser to develop and implement the
Climate Risk Assessment Tool for all new investments. For our
existing portfolio, we:
–– undertook an initial transition-risk screening exercise across over
   10 key ICG strategies, representing almost 90% of AUM




                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           35
Employee engagement

Our most critical asset

It is vital to our success to strategically manage our most critical asset, our employees. In order to do so well we have
an extensive employee engagement programme.

Onboarding                                                                #10000BlackInterns
We have developed a new multimedia global induction programme             In September 2020, ICG joined the #100BlackInterns initiative
using a combination of collaborative tools, digital videos and            (now #10000BlackInterns) which seeks to provide meaningful
face-to-face content which ensures our people feel welcomed and           opportunities to black students across the UK, helping them
can be immediately effective.                                             kick-start their careers in investment management and addressing
                                                                          under-representation in our industry.
Wellbeing
Our Wellbeing strategy adapts to ensure that our people feel              We have committed to taking on three Interns into investment teams
supported wherever they are based. This year a dedicated Covid-19         in Summer 2021.
support hub was established to signpost relevant and timely support.
This included promoting our global Employee Assistance Programme,         SEO (Seize Every Opportunity)
ensuring that all employees were aware of the confidential,               We have also become a core partner and sponsor of SEO, a charitable
independent support available to them and their families.                 organisation in the US which provides education and professional
                                                                          career opportunities for underserved communities. We are actively
We launched a Wellbeing Survey to obtain feedback to help shape the       involved through providing mentorship to a Fellow from the
programme for the months ahead. Our results indicated a need to           programme, taking part in a Private Equity Simulation programme
focus upon self care in the short term together with a requirement for    and offering internships within our investment teams in 2021.
us to find innovative ways to signpost wellbeing initiatives. Wellbeing
Champions were introduced across the globe to support our people
by championing and promoting health and wellness campaigns and
initiatives locally. The Wellbeing Champions also help identify
employees who may be facing mental health challenges and will
                                                                                       Key take-aways from our
provide appropriate support. They all undergo appropriate training                     group-wide employee survey
to support them in this key aspect of their role. Our Wellbeing
Champions work collaboratively to ensure the programme of
initiatives is fit for purpose and valued by our people.                    Clarify the future                 Develop management
                                                                            vision and direction               capability
Diversity & Inclusion                                                       of ICG                             Launched Leading for
Our global Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) strategy looks to enhance            Six videocasts held to             Impact, the Group’s
diversity and foster an inclusive environment to enable us to attract,      support greater                    leadership programme.
develop and retain the best talent available. We continue to monitor        understanding of the               Focused on self-awareness,
and actively work on ensuring that we maintain and nurture a                business and key priorities        enhancing management
workforce that is as diverse as possible. We have established the                                              skills and positioning for
following initiatives:                                                                                         future success. Delivered
                                                                                                               through modular cohort
D&I Hub
                                                                            Enhance career
                                                                                                               learning supported by 1:1
Our D&I Champions group, Networks and Wellbeing Champions have
                                                                            development
                                                                                                               executive coaching to
now formed a D&I hub where all the groups are working in
                                                                            experience
                                                                                                               further enhance capabilities
                                                                            Launched Workday
collaboration with each other to provide a broad calendar of events                                            and leadership
                                                                            Learning, ICG’s global
and initiatives to engage and support the employees ranging from                                               effectiveness
                                                                            digital learning platform for
celebrating World Book Day, launching a Book Club and running a
                                                                            all employees. The platform
virtual 90 Days Around the World event.
                                                                            includes content from ICG
Inclusion survey
                                                                            and LinkedIn Learning.             Invest in tools and
We launched our first inclusion survey to enable us to hear from
                                                                            There is a diverse range of        resources to improve
employees to help us build the future of our inclusive culture and to
                                                                            topics from communication          efficiencies
                                                                            skills and project                 Roll-out of new laptops and
continue to help make ICG a place where everybody is heard and
                                                                            management to strategic            improved technology in
understood and can thrive. It has given us a baseline understanding
                                                                            leadership                         office locations
of what matters to our employees, and will help inform the
development of future initiatives.

                                                                            Enhance senior leader communications
                                                                            Four Board-level engagement groups held with a cross-section
                                                                            of employees from different parts of the Group



36     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Non-financial information statement

The Group complies with the Non-Financial Reporting requirements contained in sections 414CA and 414CB of the
Companies Act 2006. This information is intended to help stakeholders better understand how we address key
non-financial matters. This aligns with the work we already do in support of the Taskforce on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures, UN Global Compact and UN Sustainable Development Goals (see page 34). Further details of
the activities we undertake in supporting these frameworks are available on our website. Details of our principal risks
and how we manage those risks are included in the Strategic Risk section.



Employee matters                                                          Human rights and social matters
We aim for employees to have a sense of wellbeing and promote an          We do not tolerate discrimination of any nature and comply fully
inclusive working culture where they can freely question practices        with appropriate human rights legislation.
and suggest alternatives. We support agile working and offer access
to a range of flexible benefits. We ensure our levels of overall          Policies and standards
remuneration are without gender bias and designed to attract,             We are committed to preventing any form of slavery and human
develop and retain talented employees.                                    trafficking. We seek to ensure there are no such practices in our
                                                                          business and supply chain. During the year, we have carried out
Employee diversity                                                        employee training and awareness raising and continued to include
As at 31 March 2021, the Group has a permanent employee                   anti-slavery considerations in supplier selection and due diligence.
population of 470 of which 160 are women and 310 are men.                 We have also conducted a review of our own business, our investee
There are three Executive Directors including one woman. Of the 23        companies that are covered by our statement, and material suppliers.
senior managers reporting to the Executive Directors, six are women.      No concerns were raised in any of our due diligence.

Board diversity                                                           The Group’s full policy on Modern Slavery can be found at
Biographical details of the Board and information on diversity are set    www.icgam.com.
out on pages 62 to 65.
                                                                          Anti-bribery and corruption
Measurement                                                               We are committed to ethical business across all our operations and
The Board approved a target of increasing the number of women in          investments. Our policy is never to offer, request or receive bribes,
UK senior management to 30% by 2023 and a shareholder KPI has             and to refuse any request to pay them. We actively seek to reduce
been established to reinforce a culture of inclusivity which supports a   opportunities for corruption. We do not invest in companies or
diverse and thriving workforce and lays the foundation for                projects that engage in corruption or appear to have a high risk of
sustainable success (see page 21).                                        such behaviour and we investigate and deal with all reported or
                                                                          identified cases of corruption in line with our policy. The policy
We have published our gender pay gap data which is set out on             applies to all entities within the Group wherever we do business.
page 97.
                                                                          Environmental matters
                                                                          The Group’s disclosures in accordance with the Streamlined Energy
                                                                          and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements are set out on page 33.




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              37
Finance and operating review

Finance and operating review
The Board and management monitor the financial performance of the Group on the basis of Alternative Performance Measures (APM), which are
non-IFRS measures. The APM form the basis of the financial results discussed in this review, which the Board believes assists shareholders in
assessing their investment and the delivery of the Group’s strategy through its financial performance.

The substantive difference between APM and IFRS is the consolidation of funds and related entities deemed to be controlled by the Group,
which are included in the IFRS statements but excluded for the APM.

Under IFRS, the Group is deemed to control and therefore consolidate entities where it can make significant decisions that can substantially
affect the variable returns of investors. This has the impact of including the assets and liabilities of these entities in the consolidated statement of
financial position and recognising the related income and expenses of these entities in the consolidated income statement.

The Group’s Profit after Tax on an IFRS basis was above the prior year at £461.0m (2020 £110.6m). On the APM basis it was also above the prior
year at £462.7m (2020 £109.2m).

Detail of these adjustments can be found in note 4 to the IFRS financial statements on pages 136 to 139.

AUM and fund performance
Third Party AUM
To align our shareholder reporting with how we communicate with our clients, we are moving to report our AUM and related activity in US Dollar
($ or USD). A five year historical track record of our AUM progression in USD can be found in the Data pack available on our website at www.
icgam.com, and the sensitivity of our Third Party AUM to foreign exchange rates is outlined on page 48.

Third Party AUM grew 19%, or $8.9bn, to $56.2bn.

We raised $10.6bn of Third Party AUM during the year and realised $4.6bn. We also recognised gains of $2.9bn through FX ($2.3bn) and other
movements ($0.6bn), largely as a result of weakening USD against the EUR over the period and an increase in NAV in strategies where fees are
based on market values (certain funds within Capital Market Investments and the NAV of ICG Enterprise Trust plc within Secondary Investments).

At 31 March 2021 we had $13.3bn of Third Party AUM available to deploy in new investments, $8.9bn of which is not yet paying fees but will do so
when the capital is invested or enters its investment period.

                                                                                                Corporate   Capital Market     Real Asset     Secondary   Total Third Party
                                                                                              Investments     Investments    Investments    Investments               AUM
Third party AUM                                                                                       $m               $m             $m            $m                  $m

At 1 April 2020                                                                                22,822           15,257          5,454          3,712            47,245
Additions                                                                                        4,810           3,358            988         1,468             10,624
Realisations                                                                                    (1,763)         (1,433)          (636)         (761)            (4,593)
FX and other                                                                                     1,338             816             511           211             2,876
At 31 March 2021                                                                               27,207          17,998           6,317         4,630             56,152
Change $m                                                                                        4,385           2,741            863           918              8,907
Change %                                                                                          19%              18%            16%           25%                19%
Change % (constant exchange rate)1                                                                 13%            14%              5%           21%                13%

1. Please see page 48 for an explanation of constant exchange rate calculation methodology.




      Unless stated otherwise the financial results discussed in the Finance and operating review on pages 38 to 48 are on the basis of
      APM, which the Board believes assists shareholders in assessing the financial performance of the Group. A reconciliation of the APM
      to the IFRS measures can be found on pages 136 to 139 and in the Glossary on page 180.




38       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Corporate Investments
Corporate Investments’ Third Party AUM increased by 19% to $27.2bn, with $4.8bn of Third Party AUM raised. This was driven by Senior Debt
Partners IV, which raised $3.9bn. Recovery Fund II raised $524m during the year, with the remainder raised by Asia Pacific Corporate ($280m)
and Australia Loans ($111m).

Capital Market Investments
Capital Market Investments’ Third Party AUM increased by 18% to $18.0bn, with $3.4bn of Third Party AUM raised. CLOs accounted for $2.2bn
of the additional AUM, which was raised from two new US CLOs, one new European CLO and two CLOs that we amended to take advantage of
attractive market conditions and lock-in enhanced future returns.

The remaining $1.2bn of new AUM was raised across five liquid and alternative credit strategies.

Real Asset Investments
Real Asset Investments’ Third Party AUM increased by 16% to $6.3bn, with $988m of Third Party AUM raised. Our Real Estate Debt strategies
raised $442m across two strategies. In addition, two first-time funds, Sale and Leaseback and Infrastructure Equity, raised $248m and
$297m respectively.

Secondary Investments
Secondary Investments’ Third Party AUM increased by 25% to $4.6bn, with $1.5bn of Third Party AUM raised. Strategic Equity IV was the main
contributor to this increase, raising $1.3bn.

Third Party Fee Earning AUM
Third Party Fee Earning AUM grew 18%, or $7.2bn, to $46.7bn. We deployed $7.7bn of assets that pay fees once they are invested. We realised
$5.1bn of investments within our Third Party Fee Earning AUM during the year; of this $0.5bn can be recycled and used for new investments,
resulting in $4.6bn of Third Party AUM being realised and no longer being counted within the Group’s AUM. We also recognised a gain of
$2.5bn through FX and other movements.

                                                                                                Corporate   Capital Market     Real Asset     Secondary   Total Third Party
                                                                                              Investments     Investments    Investments    Investments   Fee Earning AUM
Third Party Fee Earning AUM                                                                           $m               $m             $m            $m                  $m

At 1 April 2020                                                                                 17,253          14,542          4,174         3,597             39,566
  Funds raised: fees on committed capital                                                          280               –            545          1,259             2,084
  Deployment of funds: fees on invested capital                                                 3,469            3,238            800             163            7,670
Total additions                                                                                  3,749           3,238          1,345         1,422              9,754
Realisations                                                                                    (2,215)         (1,495)          (593)          (785)           (5,088)
FX and other                                                                                       983             920            406            188             2,497
At 31 March 2021                                                                               19,770           17,205          5,332         4,422             46,729
Change $m                                                                                         2,517          2,663          1,158            825              7,163
Change %                                                                                           15%             18%           28%             23%               18%
Change % (constant exchange rate)1                                                                  8%             14%            16%           20%                12%

1. Please see page 48 for an explanation of constant exchange rate calculation methodology.




                                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                  39
Finance and operating review continued




Fund investment levels of key ICG funds
Investment levels are lead indicators of our potential fundraising timetable, and the investment rate for funds that charge fees on invested capital
has a direct impact on our profitability.

During the year we deployed a total of $7.2bn Third Party capital on behalf of our direct investment funds (2020: $6.2bn). The deployment was
broad-based across Senior Debt Partners IV and Europe VII within Corporate Investments, Strategic Equity III within Secondary Investments, and
our Real Estate Partnership funds within Real Asset Investments.

The table below details the investment levels for funds whose fundraising cycle is dependent on the investment level of the current vintage:

                                                                                                                Third Party capital   Total Third Party
                                                                                             Third Party AUM     deployed during      capital deployed
                                                                                             at 31 March 2021                 FY21    at 31 March 2021    %age invested at
Fund                                                                                                     ($m)                ($m)                 ($m)      31 March 2021

Fees charged on committed capital
Corporate Investments
  Europe Fund VII                                                                                   4,692                   938               3,379                72%
  Asia Pacific Fund IV                                                                                425                   147                 147                35%
  Europe Mid-Market                                                                                 1,046                   167                 230                22%
Secondary Investments
  Strategic Equity III1                                                                               1,112                  770                1,112             100%
Real Asset Investments
  Infrastructure Equity I                                                                              548                   159                 252               46%
  Sale and Leaseback I                                                                                 787                   194                 354               45%
Fees charged on invested capital
Corporate Investments
  North American Private Debt Fund II                                                               1,200                  290                  612                 51%
  Senior Debt Partners III1                                                                         2,357                   507               2,357               100%
  Senior Debt Partners IV1                                                                          5,167                 1,370               1,705                33%
Real Asset Investments
  Real Estate Partnership Capital V                                                                  1,244                   162              1,082                87%

1. Co-mingled fund, excluding mandates and (for Senior Debt Partners) undrawn commitments.

In addition to the funds in the table above, $2.0bn was deployed across a range of strategies including SMAs within Senior Debt Partners
($1.1bn) and Strategic Equity ($452m).




40       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Gross MOIC of key ICG funds
Our clients entrust their capital with us to make attractive risk-adjusted returns over the life of the investments, and in line with the strategy of the
funds in which they invest. Gross MOIC (Multiple of Invested Capital) is an indication of the returns our funds have made before fees, including
both realised and unrealised returns, and therefore the value that we have generated. The target MOIC will vary between strategies and within
strategies, and newer vintages with more recent investments will typically have a lower MOIC as the investments have not had time to grow
in value.

We saw a particularly strong increase in Gross MOIC in funds that have a higher proportion of equity-type investments. The Gross MOIC of key
ICG funds is set out below, all of which are on track to achieve the target MOIC for that fund.

                                                                                                             Investment period
Fund                                                                                                                   started   31 March 2021   31 March 2020

Corporate Investments
  Europe Fund V                                                                                                    Sept. 11             1.8x            1.8x
  Europe Fund VI                                                                                                   Mar. 15              1.9x            1.6x
  Europe Fund VII                                                                                                  Apr. 18              1.5x            1.2x
  Europe Mid-Market Fund                                                                                           May. 19               1.1x           1.0x
  Asia Pacific Fund III                                                                                             Jul. 14             1.7x            1.4x
  Asia Pacific Fund IV                                                                                             Feb.20               1.2x                –
  North America Private Debt Fund I                                                                                Jun. 14              1.4x            1.3x
  North America Private Debt Fund II                                                                                Jan. 19             1.2x             1.1x
  Senior Debt Partners II1                                                                                         Mar. 15              1.2x            1.2x
  Senior Debt Partners III1                                                                                        Dec. 17              1.2x             1.1x
  Senior Debt Partners IV1                                                                                         Jan. 20               1.1x               –
Real Asset Investments
  Real Estate Partnership Capital III                                                                              Dec. 12              1.4x            1.5x
  Real Estate Partnership Capital IV                                                                               Feb. 15              1.3x            1.5x
  Real Estate Partnership Capital V                                                                                Apr. 18              1.4x            1.4x
  Infrastructure Equity I                                                                                          Mar. 20               1.1x              –
  Sale & Leaseback I                                                                                               Sep. 19              1.0x            1.0x
Secondary Investments
  Strategic Secondaries II1,2                                                                                      Mar. 16              1.8x            1.6x
  Strategic Equity III1,2                                                                                          Nov. 18              1.5x             1.1x

1. Co-mingled fund, excluding mandates and (for Senior Debt Partners) undrawn commitments.
2. Strategic Equity data reported as at 31 December 2020.




                                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                  41
Finance and operating review continued




Overview: Group financial performance

Third Party Fee Income grew 20% to £333.7m, driving a 14% increase in our Fund Management Company revenue to £388.5m. The Fund
Management Company operating margin was 52.1% (2020: 53.6%), resulting in Fund Management Company Profit before Tax of £202.3m,
an increase of 10% compared to FY20.

Strong performance of our funds led to exceptional Net Investment Returns for the Investment Company of £445.1m, a level which is not
expected to be recurring. The substantial increase in Net Investment Returns compared to FY20 along with a reduced cost base drove a Profit
before Tax of £305.4m in the Investment Company (FY20: loss of £(72.3)m), after recognising a £(7.3)m loss on fair value movements of
derivatives (FY20: £26.6m gain).

The strong performance of the Fund Management Company along with the exceptional performance of the Investment Company resulted in a
Group Profit before Tax of £507.7m (FY20: £110.8m).

Group earnings per share grew substantially to 162.3p (FY20: 38.3p).

We remain committed to our progressive dividend policy, and the proposed final dividend of 39.0p per share brings the total dividend per share
to 56.0p for FY21, an increase of 10% compared to FY20. We continue to make the dividend reinvestment plan available.

Our balance sheet remains strong and well capitalised, with net gearing of 0.63x, total available liquidity of £846.9m and a net asset value per
share of 566p.

                                                                                                            31 March 2021   31 March 2020    Change
                                                                                                                      £m               £m         %

   Third Party Management fees                                                                                  280.5            254.3         10%
   Third Party Performance fees                                                                                   53.2            23.5        127%
Third Party Fee Income                                                                                           333.7           277.8         20%
Other income                                                                                                      54.8            63.6        (14)%
Fund Management Company Revenue                                                                                 388.5            341.4         14%
Fund Management Company Operating Expenses                                                                     (186.2)          (158.3)        18%
Fund Management Company Profit before Tax                                                                       202.3            183.1         10%
Fund Management Company Operating Margin                                                                        52.1%           53.6%          (3)%
Investment Company Revenue                                                                                      426.3             27.0          n/m
Investment Company Operating Expenses                                                                            (58.1)          (68.1)       (15)%
Interest Expense                                                                                                 (55.5)          (57.8)        (4)%
Fair value (loss)/gain on derivatives                                                                              (7.3)          26.6          n/m
Investment Company Profit before Tax                                                                            305.4            (72.3)        n/m
Group Profit before Tax                                                                                         507.7            110.8         n/m
Tax                                                                                                             (45.0)             (1.6)        n/m
Group Profit after Tax                                                                                          462.7           109.2        324%
Earnings per share                                                                                             162.3p            38.3p      124.0p
Dividend per share                                                                                              56.0p           50.8p          5.2p
Net gearing                                                                                                     0.63x            0.74x       (0.11)x
Net asset value per share                                                                                        566p            461p         105p

Fund Management Company
The Fund Management Company is the Group’s principal driver of long-term profit growth. It manages our Third Party AUM, which it invests on
behalf of the Group’s clients.

During the period the Fund Management Company generated Profit before Tax of £202.3m (FY20: £183.1m).




42     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Third Party Fee income
Third Party Fee income grew 20% to £333.7m in FY21 (FY20: £277.8m), with strong increases across Corporate Investments, Capital Market
Investments and Real Asset Investments. The (1)% decline within Secondary Investments is due to £4.3m of catch-up fees being recognised in
FY20 for Strategic Equity III. Excluding this, Third Party Fee Income within Secondary Investments grew 10%.

Our Third Party Fee Income is largely comprised of Management fees, which have a high degree of visibility. Performance fees are a small but
integral part of our revenue, and over the last five years have accounted for an average of 11.6% of our Third Party Fee Income. In FY21
Performance fees accounted for 16.0% (FY20: 8.5%) of our Third Party Fee Income, including £38.1m recognised in Corporate Investments,
£8.6m in Capital Market Investments and £6.5m in Secondary Investments.

Third party fees are 84% denominated in Euros or US dollars. The Group’s policy is to hedge non-Sterling fee income to the extent that it is not
matched by costs and is predictable. Third Party Fee Income included a £1.6m FX headwind in the year (FY20: £4.0m FX benefit).

The weighted average fee rate, excluding performance fees, across our fee earning AUM was 0.85%.

                                                                                                           31 March 2021   31 March 2020    Change
                                                                                                                     £m               £m         %

  Corporate Investments – Management fees                                                                       148.1           136.5          8%
  Corporate Investments – Performance fees                                                                       38.1            19.9        92%
Corporate Investments                                                                                           186.2           156.4        19%
  Capital Market Investments – Management fees                                                                   59.8            52.9        13%
  Capital Market Investments – Performance fees                                                                   8.6              0.3        n/m
Capital Market Investments                                                                                       68.4            53.2        29%
  Real Asset Investments– Management fees                                                                        36.5             25.1       45%
  Real Asset Investments – Performance fees                                                                         –                –        n/m
Real Asset Investments                                                                                           36.5            25.1        45%
  Secondary Investments – Management fees                                                                        36.1            39.8        (9)%
  Secondary Investments – Performance fees                                                                        6.5              3.3       97%
Secondary Investments                                                                                            42.6            43.1         (1)%
Third Party Fee Income                                                                                          333.7           277.8        20%
o/w Management fees                                                                                             280.5           254.3        10%
o/w Performance fees                                                                                             53.2            23.5       127%

Corporate Investments
Within Corporate Investments, the increase in management fees was due to fundraising for Asia Pacific IV (which charges fees on Committed
Capital), and deployment of capital for Senior Debt Partners III and IV (which charge fees on invested capital).

Capital Market Investments
Capital Market Investments Management fees benefitted from the continued momentum in fundraising for our liquid open-ended strategies.
The increase in Management fees was also driven by the new CLOs that were raised, as well as the full year impact of CLOs raised during FY20.

Real Asset Investments
The increase in Real Asset Investments management fees was due to the full year impact of fees on Sale and Leaseback I following the fund’s first
close in FY20, as well as the new Third Party AUM that it and Infrastructure Equity I raised during the financial year.

Secondary Investments
Third Party Fee Income from Secondary Investments was 1% lower than FY20. FY20 included one-off catch-up fees for Strategic Equity III,
that did not recur in FY21, which was partially offset by the increased NAV of ICG Enterprise Trust plc and the first close occurring for
Strategic Equity IV.

Other income
The FMC recorded dividend receipts of £33.4m (FY20: £41.2m). The reduction was due to the rating downgrades experienced by CLOs at the
beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic, which temporarily restricted cash that otherwise would have been distributed to the CLO equity held by
the Group. During the year the CLO market improved and we experienced a positive trajectory of CLO dividends in H2 FY21, which is continuing.

Revenue of £21.4m was recognised in the FMC for managing the Investment Company portfolio (2020: £22.4m).


                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          43
Finance and operating review continued




Operating expenses and margin
Operating expenses of the FMC were £186.2m (2020: £158.3m), and the FMC Operating margin was 52.1% (FY20: 53.6%). The increase in
operating expenses was mainly driven by staff-related expenses due to the full year impact of hires made in FY20 and a number of new hires
made in FY21, along with the seniority mix. These investments in our platform are crucial to ensure that we have the depth and breadth of
experience to continue to execute on the opportunity we see for the Group.

                                                                                                                    31 March 2021    31 March 2020         Change
                                                                                                                              £m                £m              %

Salaries                                                                                                                  63.3             55.7             14%
Incentive scheme costs                                                                                                     73.1            56.8             29%
Administrative costs                                                                                                      49.8             45.8              9%
FMC Operating expenses                                                                                                   186.2            158.3             18%
FMC Operating margin                                                                                                     52.1%           53.6%

The Fund Management Company therefore recorded a Profit before Tax of £202.3m (FY20: £183.1m).

Investment Company
The Investment Company invests the Group’s proprietary capital to seed and accelerate emerging strategies, and invests alongside the Group’s
more established funds to align interests between our clients, employees and shareholders. It also supports a number of costs including for
certain central functions, a part of the Executive Directors’ compensation, and the portion of the investment teams’ compensation linked to the
returns of the balance sheet investment portfolio.

Balance sheet investment portfolio
The balance sheet investment portfolio (excluding warehoused investments) increased 13% during the year to £2,491.7m at 31 March 2021.
This is equivalent to $3,434m, resulting in Total AUM for the Group of $59,586m (31 March 2020: $49,973m), of which the balance sheet
investment portfolio accounted for 5.8% (31 March 2020: 5.5%).

The increase in the balance sheet investment portfolio (excluding warehoused assets) was due to £372.0m of unrealised gains, driven by the
very strong performance of our funds alongside which the balance sheet investment portfolio is invested. New investments of £454.6m were
slightly below realisations of £480.1m.

The balance sheet investment portfolio is 43% Euro denominated, 23% US dollar denominated and 22% Sterling denominated. FX and other
movements included £68.0m of accrued interest income, as well as a decrease of £119.3m in the Sterling value of the portfolio as a result of FX
movements due to Euro and US dollar strengthening against Sterling during the year.

The balance sheet investment portfolio is highly diversified. Within the direct investment funds, which constitute 81% of the total value, the
investments are across around 300 companies, 31 countries and 26 industries. We have exposure to number of sectors that have performed
strongly over the last year, including healthcare, software and technology.

In addition, the balance sheet had £64.6m (FY20: £12.8m) of assets that it is warehousing before transferring the investments to a third party
fund, bringing the total value of the balance sheet investment portfolio at 31 March 2021 to £2,556.3m (31 March 2020: £2,209.3m).

                                                                  As at 31 March                                       Unrealised                    As at 31 March
                                                                            2020   New investments   Realisations   gains/(losses)      FX & Other             2021
                                                                              £m               £m             £m               £m              £m               £m

Corporate Investments                                                1,327.0              198.6       (266.8)            242.6               6.3        1,507.7
Capital Market Investments                                             432.7               52.8        (42.2)             57.5            (36.0)         464.8
Real Asset Investments                                                 296.7              129.7       (126.4)             13.8            (10.0)          303.8
Secondary Investments                                                  140.1               73.5        (44.7)             58.1             (11.6)         215.4
Total Balance Sheet Investment Portfolio
(excluding warehoused investments)                                   2,196.5             454.6        (480.1)            372.0             (51.3)       2,491.7
Warehoused investments                                                  12.8              80.1         (29.7)              3.5              (2.1)          64.6
Total Balance Sheet Investment Portfolio
(including warehoused investments)                                  2,209.3               534.7       (509.8)             375.5           (53.4)        2,556.3




44     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Net Investment Returns
Net Investment Returns of £445.1m represent 18.7% of the average balance sheet investment portfolio value (2020: 2.2%), of which £5.0m were
from the assets the balance sheet is warehousing. We do not view this as a recurring level of Net Investment Returns, as valuations this year have
rebounded from the lows at the end of FY20 and our portfolio has performed exceptionally strongly.

Net Investment Returns by strategic asset class on an absolute basis were as follows:

                                                                                                                As at 31 March   As at 31 March
                                                                                                                          2021             2020     Change
                                                                                                                           £m                £m          %

Corporate Investments                                                                                                303.0            104.6          19%
Capital Market Investments                                                                                            57.9             (87.3)         n/m
Real Asset Investments                                                                                                20.9               9.3        125%
Secondary Investments                                                                                                 58.3              21.7        169%
Total Net Investment Returns
(excluding warehoused investments)                                                                                   440.1              48.3          n/m
Warehoused investments                                                                                                 5.0                1.1         n/m
Total Net Investment Returns
(including warehoused investments)                                                                                   445.1             49.4           n/m

This translated into the following Net Investment Returns as a percentage of the average balance sheet investment portfolio:

                                                                                              Balance sheet     FY21 Average
                                                                                                 investment     balance sheet                       FY21 Net
                                                                                                 portfolio at      investment    Target return    Investment
                                                                                              31 March 2021          portfolio         profile       Returns
                                                                                                          £m               £m               %             %

Corporate Investments                                                                            1,507.7            1,417.4       15 – 20%         21.4%
Capital Market Investments                                                                        464.8              448.7         5 – 10%         12.9%
Real Asset Investments                                                                             303.6              300.1          c.10%          7.0%
Secondary Investments                                                                              215.6              177.8       15 – 20%         32.8%
Total Net Investment Returns
(excluding warehoused investments)                                                               2,491.7          2,344.0                          18.8%
Warehoused investments                                                                              64.6              38.7                n/a      12.9%
Total Net Investment Returns
(including warehoused investments)                                                               2,556.3           2,382.7                          18.7%

In addition to the Net Investment Returns, the Investment Company recorded other operating income of £2.6m and paid a fee of £21.4m (FY20:
£22.4m) to the Fund Management Company. This resulted in the Investment Company recording revenues of £426.3m (FY20: £27.0m).




                                                                                                      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                45
Finance and operating review continued




Investment Company expenses
Operating expenses in the Investment Company of £58.1m were down 15% from FY20. The £10.0m decrease is due to a £17.1m reduction in
incentive scheme costs, partially offset by a £7.1m increase in other staff and administrative costs.

                                                                                                               31 March 2021   31 March 2020     Change
                                                                                                                         £m               £m          %

Salaries                                                                                                             12.4              8.9        39%
Incentive scheme costs                                                                                               30.4             47.5       (36)%
Administrative costs                                                                                                  15.3             11.7       30%
IC Operating expenses                                                                                                58.1             68.1       (15)%

Interest expense of £55.5m (2020: £57.8m) was £2.3m lower than the prior year.

The Investment Company therefore recorded a Profit before Tax of £312.7m (FY20: loss of £(98.9)m before fair value movements in
derivatives). We recorded a fair value loss of £(7.3)m (FY20: gain of £26.6m) in movements on derivatives, resulting in a Profit before Tax for the
Investment Company of £305.4m (FY20: loss of (72.3)m).

Group
Tax
The Group recognised a tax charge of £45.0m (FY20: £1.6m), resulting in an effective tax rate for the year of 8.9% (FY20: 1.5%). The increase in
the effective tax rate compared to FY20 is largely driven by the Investment Company, which generated a taxable profit in FY21 compared to a loss
in FY20.

As detailed in note 14, the Group has a structurally lower effective tax rate than the statutory UK rate. This is largely driven by the Investment
Company, where certain forms of income benefit from tax exemptions. The effective tax rate will vary depending on the income mix.

Net debt and liquidity
At 31 March 2021, the Group had net financial debt of £1,027.2m, total available liquidity of £846.9m, and net gearing of 0.63x.

During the year the Group entered into a new £550m ESG-linked multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility to replace our existing £500m Revolving
Credit Facility and £50m bilateral facility. The facility, which has an initial term of three years with the possibility to extend for an additional two
years, was oversubscribed by a syndicate of leading global financial institutions and provides us with a substantial liquidity cushion for the
coming years. The terms are linked to specific targets for our carbon emissions and for integrating Climate Risk Assessments into our investment
decisions, underlining our commitment to implementing meaningful ESG measures to benefit the environment and society.

Net financial debt increased slightly from £967.2m to £1,027.2m, with cash reducing from £947.9m to £296.9m. The reduction in cash was largely
due to the debt repayments of £495.6m and dividend payments that the Group made during the year, including repaying £250m of our RCF
which we had drawn down in early March 2020 at the onset of the Covid-19 crisis:

                                                                                                                                                     £m

Cash at 1 April 2020                                                                                                                            947.9
Net cash used in operating activities                                                                                                             (1.2)
Debt (repayment) – RCF                                                                                                                         (250.0)
Debt (repayment) – term debt                                                                                                                   (245.6)
Dividend paid                                                                                                                                  (150.9)
FX and other                                                                                                                                      (3.3)
Cash at 31 March 2021                                                                                                                           296.9
Available undrawn debt facilities                                                                                                               550.0
Cash and undrawn debt facilities (Total available liquidity)                                                                                    846.9




46      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The Group’s drawn debt is provided through a range of facilities, including a €500m bond issued in February 2020 with a seven year maturity.
The weighted-average life of drawn debt at 31 March 2021 was 4.2 years, and the facilities are provided in a range of currencies (the Group
hedges certain foreign currency exposures). All facilities, except the ESG-linked RCF, are fixed-rate instruments. Committed debt facilities in
place at 31 March 2021 were as follows:

                                                                               Drawn       Undrawn           Total
                                                               Currency           £m            £m             £m           Interest rate           Maturity

ESG-linked RCF                                                   GBP              –        550.0           550.0      L + 1.40%              Jan-24 + 2yrs

Eurobond                                                         EUR          425.5             –          425.5               1.63%               Feb-27
EMTN 2015                                                        GBP          160.0             –          160.0              5.00%                Mar-23
Total bonds                                                                   585.5             –          585.5

  PP2013 – Class B                                               USD          46.4              –           46.4               6.25%               May-23
Private Placement 2013                                                        46.4              –           46.4
  PP 2015 – Class B                                              USD          30.5              –           30.5              4.95%               May-22
  PP 2015 – Class C                                              USD          58.0              –           58.0              5.21%               May-25
  PP 2015 – Class F                                              EUR           37.5             –            37.5             3.38%               May-25
Private Placement 2015                                                       126.0              –          126.0
  PP 2016 – Class A                                              USD          90.7              –           90.7              4.19%                Sep-21
  PP 2016 – Class B                                              USD          82.0              –           82.0              4.66%                Sep-24
  PP 2016 – Class C                                              USD          39.2              –           39.2              4.96%                Sep-26
  PP 2016 – Class D                                              EUR           18.7             –            18.7             2.27%                Jan-22
  PP 2016 – Class E                                              EUR          25.5              –           25.5              3.04%                 Jan-27
  PP 2016 – Class F                                              EUR           18.7             –            18.7             2.74%                Jan-25
Private Placement 2016                                                       274.8              –          274.8
  PP 2019 – Class A                                              USD          90.7              –           90.7              4.76%               Apr-24
  PP 2019 – Class B                                              USD          72.6              –           72.6              4.99%               Mar-26
  PP 2019 – Class C                                              USD          90.7              –           90.7              5.35%               Mar-29
  PP 2019 – Class D                                              EUR          37.4              –           37.4              2.02%               Apr-24
Private Placement 2019                                                       291.4              –          291.4
Total Private Placements                                                     738.6              –          738.6

Total                                                                       1,324.1        550.0          1,874.1

Shareholder equity increased to £1,619.5m (FY20: £1,306.5m) due to the substantial retained profits generated during the period and the fact
that the Group undertook no share buybacks during the year (FY20: £40.3m). The movements in the Group’s cash position, debt facilities and
shareholder funds resulted in a reduction in net gearing compared to FY20, which at 31 March 21 stood at 0.63x (FY20: 0.74x).

                                                                                                            31 March 2021        31 March 2020       Change
                                                                                                                      £m                    £m            %

Cash                                                                                                             296.9                 947.9        (69%)
Gross drawn debt                                                                                               1,324.1                1,915.1        (31%)
Net financial debt (A)                                                                                         1,027.2                 967.2           6%
Shareholder equity (B)                                                                                         1,619.5               1,306.5         24%
Net gearing (A/B)                                                                                                0.63x                 0.74x         (15%)




                                                                                                     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                 47
Finance and operating review continued




Net asset value
                                                                                                                                              £m   Pence per share

At 1 April 2020                                                                                                                      1,306.5                461
FMC Profit after Tax                                                                                                                   166.2                  59
IC Profit after Tax                                                                                                                    296.5                105
Change in net debt                                                                                                                     (28.6)                (10)
Dividends paid                                                                                                                        (150.9)                (53)
FX and other                                                                                                                            29.8                   4
At 31 March 2021                                                                                                                     1,619.5                566

Medium-term guidance
Our medium-term guidance is set out below:

Fundraising                    Performance fees             FMC Operating margin       Net Investment Returns                   Net gearing


–– $40bn in aggregate over –– 10 – 15% of total third       –– Above 50%               –– Low double-digit                      –– No higher than 1.0x
   next four years             party fees                                                 percentage points
–– At least $7bn in every year


Foreign exchange rates and Third Party AUM activity in Euros
The following foreign exchange rates have been used throughout this review:

                                                                                         Average rate for   Average rate for     31 March 2021      31 March 2020
                                                                                                    FY21              FY20          period end          period end

GBP:EUR                                                                                        1.1254               1.1447            1.1750            1.1249
GBP:USD                                                                                        1.3173               1.2712            1.3783            1.2420
EUR:USD                                                                                        1.1705               1.1105            1.1730             1.1041

At 31 March 2021 our Third Party AUM was $56,152m. If GBP:USD had been by 5% higher (1.4472) our reported Third Party AUM would have
been $453m higher. If EUR:USD had been 5% higher (1.2317) our reported Third Party AUM would have been $1,501m higher.

Where noted, this review presents changes in AUM on a constant exchange rate basis. For the purposes of these calculations, FY20 AUM
numbers have been translated from their underlying fund currencies to USD at the respective FY21 period end exchange rates. This has then
been compared to the FY21 closing AUM to arrive at the change on a constant currency exchange rate basis.

For reference, our Third Party AUM activity in Euros is presented below:

                                                                                                                31 March 2021    31 March 2020            Change

Third Party AUM activity
Third Party AUM                                                                                             €47,866m            €42,829m                   12%
Third Party Fee Earning AUM                                                                                 €39,833m            €35,868m                   11%
Third Party AUM additions during period                                                                      €9,041m            €10,150m                  (11)%
Third Party AUM realisations during period                                                                   €3,913m             €1,665m                  135%
Third Party AUM deployed during period from direct investment funds                                          €6,223m             €5,629m                   11%




48        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Risk management

Managing risk

Effective risk management is a core competence underpinned by a strong control culture.

Our approach                                                              Managing risk
The Board is accountable for the overall stewardship of the Risk          Risk management is embedded across the Group through the RMF,
Management Framework (RMF), internal control assurance, and for           which ensures that current and emerging risks are identified,
determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in   assessed, monitored, controlled and appropriately governed
achieving the Group’s strategic objectives. In so doing the Board sets    based on a common risk taxonomy and methodology. The RMF is
a preference for risk within a strong control environment to generate     designed to protect the interests of all stakeholders and meet our
a return for clients and investors and protect their interests.           responsibilities as a UK listed company and parent of a number of
                                                                          regulated entities. The Board reviews the RMF regularly, and it forms
The risk appetite is reviewed by the Risk Committee, on behalf of the     the basis on which the Board reaches its conclusions on the
Board, and covers the principal risks that the Group seeks to take in     effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls.
delivering the Group’s strategic objectives. The Risk Committee is
provided with management information on a quarterly basis and
monitors performance against set thresholds and limits to support
the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives , within the
boundaries of the agreed risk appetite. The Board also seeks to
promote a strong risk management culture by encouraging
acceptable behaviours, decisions and attitudes toward taking and
managing risk throughout the Group.                                                             Data                Strategy
                                                                                                 and              and appetite
                                                                                             technology




                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                               Reporting
                                                                              and insights
                                                                                                           Risk                and policies
                                                                                                          culture


                                                                                          Management              Identification
                                                                                             and                      and
                                                                                           monitoring             measurement




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          49
Risk management continued




Lines of defence                                                           Key developments in FY21
We operate a risk framework consistent with the principles of the          During the year progress has been made to further deliver and
‘three lines of defence’ model. This ensures clarity over responsibility   embed the risk management development plan (RMDP) that
for risk management and segregation of duties between those who            commenced in prior years, focusing on the ongoing delivery of the
take on risk and manage risk, those who oversee risk and those who         RCSA programme. Other key initiatives included:
provide assurance.                                                         –– The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has continued to be at the
–– The first line of defence is the business functions                        forefront of our risk assessment and mitigation planning
   and their respective line managers, who own                                processes. The crisis management and business continuity
   and manage risk and controls across the processes they operate             protocols of the Group remained effectively invoked and have
–– The second line of defence is made up of the                               provided a clear framework to support continuity
   control and oversight functions, including the Legal, Risk and          –– We carried out a robust assessment of our principal risks, which
   Compliance teams, who provide assurance that risk management               has led to a revised set of risks that more comprehensively capture
   policies and procedures are operating effectively                          those that would threaten our business model. The revised risks
–– The third line of defence is Internal Audit who provide                    more accurately reflect the threats faced by the Group in
   independent assurance over the design and operation of controls            executing its strategic objectives
   established by the first and second lines to manage risk                –– We have applied our experience of the Covid-19 crisis to
                                                                              developing more severe scenario planning in our annual Internal
Assessing risk                                                                Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) process.
The Group adopts both a top-down and a bottom-up approach to                  Our emerging risk profile has also been developed further to
risk assessment:                                                              better understand the potential impacts on our principal risks
–– The Risk Committee undertakes a top-down review of the external         –– We further refined our risk appetite framework by enhancing the
   environment and the strategic planning process to identify the             risk appetite statements and metrics, which are now better
   most consequential and significant risks to the Group’s                    structured, articulated and subject to clearer governance
   businesses. These are referred to as the principal risks                –– Our full Brexit strategy was successfully implemented, and we now
–– The business undertakes a bottom-up review which involves a                have an established European platform with Luxembourg as our
   comprehensive risk assessment process designed to facilitate the           central hub
   identification and assessment of key risks and controls related to
   each business function’s most important objectives and                  Covid-19
   processes. This is primarily achieved through the risk and control      The Group has contended with several challenges posed by the
   self-assessment process (RCSA)                                          Covid-19 pandemic, including market volatility and new ways of
                                                                           working. Thanks to the investment we have made in technology over
The risk assessment process is supported by the Group’s Risk               recent years, the dedication and commitment of our employees and
Taxonomy which is a top-down comprehensive set of risk categories          their ability to adapt successfully to new ways of working, and the
designed to encourage those involved in risk identification to consider    strength of our platform, we have been fully operational throughout
all types of risks that could affect the Group’s strategic objectives.     the pandemic and productivity has remained high.

                                                                           Our priority has been to protect and support the wellbeing of our
                                                                           employees during the period. We have focused on delivering
                                                                           effective communications, encouraging employees to stay regularly
                                                                           connected and looking at how wellbeing benefits can provide
                                                                           additional support. We have also made sure that our employees have
                                                                           sufficient flexibility and support to do their jobs to the best of their
                                                                           abilities under such challenging circumstances.




50     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
  We continue to actively support our portfolio companies’                                    Reputational risk is not in itself one of the principal risks; however, it is
  management teams, while also adapting to remote working to                                  an important consideration and is actively managed and mitigated as
  source and originate investment opportunities. We have also                                 part of the wider risk management framework.
  navigated the challenges and continue to raise funds as well as
  interacting regularly with our clients and providing updates on the                         We use a principal and emerging risks process to provide a forward-
  status of our fund portfolio.                                                               looking view of the potential risks that can threaten the execution of
                                                                                              the Group’s strategy or operations over the medium to long term.
  It is too early to reach a meaningful conclusion on the longer-term                         We proactively assess the internal and external risk environment,
  impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic. We continue to monitor the                                as well as review the themes identified across our global businesses
  situation and are confident that we are able to adapt and develop                           for any risks that may require additional monitoring, updating our
  plans as necessary.                                                                         principal and emerging risks as necessary. The Covid-19 outbreak led
                                                                                              to a number of significant developments over the course of the year,
  Principal risks and uncertainties                                                           and the Board, Risk Committee and Executive Directors continue to
  The Group’s principal risks are individual risks, or a combination                          monitor the impacts on our business as a result of the crisis, which are
  of risks, that can seriously affect the performance, future prospects                       considered within the relevant principal risks.
  or reputation of the Group. These include those risks that would
  threaten the Group’s business model, future performance,                                    The Group’s RMF identifies eight principal risks which are
  solvency or liquidity. The Group considers its principal risks across                       accompanied by the associated responsibilities and expectations
  three categories:                                                                           around risk management and control. Each of the principal risks is
                                                                                              overseen by an accountable Executive Director, who is responsible
                              Strategic and business risks                                    for the framework, policies and standards that detail the related
         1                                                                                    requirements. The Directors confirm that they have undertaken a
                              The risk of failing to deliver on our strategic objectives
                              resulting in a negative impact on investment performance and    robust assessment of the principal risks in line with the requirements
                              Group profitability.                                            of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The principal risks are
                                                                                              described in the following table.
                              Financial risks
        2
                              The risk of an adverse impact on the Group due to market
                              fluctuations, counterparty failure or having insufficient
                              resources to meet financial obligations.

                              Operational risks
        3
                              The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal
                              processes, people or systems and external events.




                                                                                                                     Strategic & Business                       Risk trend


             Almost certain
                                                                                                                     1. External Environment Risk
                                                                                                                     2. Fund Performance Risk

                                                                           1                                         Financial
                                                                                                                     3. Financial Risk

             Likely                                                                                                  Operational


Likelihood
                                                                           6         7                               4. Key Personnel Risk
                                                                               8                                     5. Legal, Regulatory & Tax Risk
                                                                                                                     6. Operational Resilience Risk
             Possible
                                               2               4     3
                                                                                                                     7. Third Party Provider Risk
                                                                                                                     8. Key Business Process Risk

                                                                                         5

             Remote


                                        Low                 Medium                  High         Critical
                                                                         Impact


                                                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021               51
Risk management continued




     External Environment Risk                                                                          Fund Performance Risk
     Strategic alignment                                                 Risk trend                     Strategic alignment                                              Risk trend
      1        2    3                                                                                    1   2    3

     Risk appetite                                                                                      Risk appetite
     Moderate                                                                                           Low to moderate
     Executive Director Responsible                                                                     Executive Director Responsible
     Benoît Durteste                                                                                    Benoît Durteste


Risk Description                                                                                    Risk Description
Geopolitical and macroeconomic concerns and other global events such as pandemics                   Current and potential clients continually assess our investment fund performance.
and natural disasters that are outside the Group’s control could adversely affect the               There is a risk that our funds may not meet their investment objectives, that there is a
environment in which we, and our fund portfolio companies, operate and we may not be                failure to deliver consistent performance, or that prolonged fund underperformance
able to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. In particular, these                 could erode our track record. Consequently, investors in funds might decline to invest in
events have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatility in financial markets           future investment funds we raise and might withdraw their investments in our open-
which can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or            ended strategies. Poor fund performance may also deter future investment in our funds
performance of the investments made by our funds, making it more difficult to find                  and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and our management fee revenue,
opportunities for our funds to exit and realise value from existing investments and to find         impacting our ability to compete effectively. This could in turn materially affect our
suitable investments for our funds to effectively deploy capital. This could in turn affect         profitability and impact our plans for growth.
our ability to raise new funds and materially reduce our profitability.
                                                                                                    Key Controls and Mitigation
Key Controls and Mitigation                                                                         –– A robust and disciplined investment process is in place where investments are
–– The Group’s business model is predominantly based on illiquid funds which are                       selected and regularly monitored by the Investment Committees for fund
   closed-end and long-term in nature. Therefore to a large extent the Group’s fee                     performance, delivery of investment objectives, and asset performance
   streams are ‘locked in’. This provides some mitigation in relation to profitability and          –– All proposed investments are subject to a thorough due diligence and approval
   cashflows against market downturn. Additionally, given the nature of closed-end                     process during which all key aspects of the transaction are discussed and assessed.
   funds, they are not subject to redemptions                                                          Regular monitoring of investment and divestment pipelines is undertaken on an
–– A range of complementary approaches are used to inform strategic planning and risk                  ongoing basis
   mitigation, including active management of the Group’s fund portfolios, profitability            –– Monitoring of all portfolio investments is undertaken on a quarterly basis focusing on
   and balance sheet scenario planning and stress testing to ensure resilience across a                the operating performance and liquidity of the portfolio
   range of outcomes
                                                                                                    Trend and Outlook
–– The Board, the Risk Committee and the Risk function monitor emerging risks, trends
                                                                                                    The strength of our resilient and growth-orientated business model has been evident in
   and changes in the likelihood of impact. This assessment informs the universe of
                                                                                                    our performance for the financial year, notwithstanding the extraordinary and challenging
   principal risks faced by the Group
                                                                                                    environment we are operating within. Diversification is a core strength of our business
Trend and Outlook                                                                                   model and we have very little exposure to industries which have been most negatively
The financial year has been dominated by the social and economic impacts of Covid-19                affected by the Covid-19 crisis. Our key funds are in line with or ahead of their required
globally, which we expect to continue for some time. Despite the challenges, and                    hurdle rates or respective industry benchmarks.
remaining alert to the ongoing macro uncertainty and the impact of the pandemic, we                 Our fundraising timetable has accelerated, with ICG Strategic Equity IV launched earlier
have maintained very positive momentum in our business, raising significant third-party             than expected and had a first close just before year end. Our closed-end fund model
AUM and deploying a substantial amount of capital across all our strategic asset classes.           also provides visibility on future assets under management and Fund Management
We have also invested in our capabilities to accelerate our future growth, most recently            Company profits.
adding a Life Sciences team to enhance our capability in the Healthcare sector.
                                                                                                    Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to grow our AUM over the long term,
Despite fundraising being ahead of our initial expectations for an off-cycle year, it is likely     supported by strong investor demand for our fund strategies and underpinned by our
to remain challenging due to the impacts of the pandemic, especially as our clients                 investment-performance track record. However, we are mindful that the disruptions
prioritise existing relationships over new ones. Therefore, we are still anticipating a             caused by the pandemic may continue for some time and the businesses of our funds’
slowdown of fundraising for new strategies which may result in delayed diversification of           investments could be impacted further, potentially decreasing the value of our funds’
our business in the medium to longer term.                                                          investments and thereby adversely impacting our funds’ performance and therefore the
We have so far successfully navigated the unprecedented uncertainties caused by                     Group’s co-investments with our funds.
the pandemic, but the longer-term impacts cannot be determined with any certainty.
We will therefore continue to monitor and respond to further changes as needed in the
months ahead.




          Strategic alignment
           1       Grow AUM                2    Invest selectively                 3   Manage portfolios to maximise value




52             ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
    Financial Risk                                                                                    Key Personnel Risk
    Strategic alignment                                                  Risk trend                   Strategic alignment                                               Risk trend
     1    2    3                                                                                       1   2    3

    Risk appetite                                                                                     Risk appetite
    Low to moderate                                                                                   Low to moderate
    Executive Director Responsible                                                                    Executive Director Responsible
    Vijay Bharadia                                                                                    Antje Hensel-Roth


Risk Description                                                                                  Risk Description
The Group is exposed to liquidity and market risks. Liquidity risks refer to the risk that the    The Group depends upon the experience, skill and reputation held by our senior
Group may not have sufficient financial resources to meet its financial obligations when          executives and investment professionals. The continued service of these individuals, who
they fall due. Market risk refers to the possibility that the Group may suffer a loss resulting   are not obligated to remain employed with us, is uniquely valuable and a significant factor
from the fluctuations in the values of, or income from, proprietary assets and liabilities.       in our success. Additionally, a breach of the governing agreements of our funds in
The Group does not deliberately seek exposure to market risks to generate profit;                 relation to ‘Key Person’ provisions could result in the Group having to stop making
however, on an ancillary basis we will invest alongside clients into our funds, warehouse         investments for the relevant fund or impair the ability of the Group to raise new funds if
assets in preparation for new fund launches or hold investments in Collateralised Loan            not resolved in a timely manner. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse
Obligations (CLOs) in accordance with regulatory requirements. Consequently, the                  effect on our revenues, profitability and cashflows and could harm our ability to maintain
Group is exposed to having insufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations, including    or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future.
its commitments to its fund co-investments. In addition, adverse market conditions could
                                                                                                  Key Controls and Mitigation
impact the carrying value of the Group’s investments resulting in losses on the Group’s
                                                                                                  –– The ability to attract, retain and develop talent is supported by a range of
balance sheet.
                                                                                                     complementary approaches including a well-defined recruitment process, succession
Key Controls and Mitigation                                                                          planning, a competitive and long-term approach to compensation and incentives, and
–– Debt funding for the Group is obtained from diversified sources and the repayment                 a focus on development through the appraisal process and mentoring programmes
   profile is managed to minimise material repayment events. The profile of the debt                 which is supported by a dedicated Learning and Development team. This includes
   facilities available to the Group is reviewed frequently by the Treasury Committee                developing opportunities and tools for current and future skills, personal skills and
–– Hedging of non-sterling income, expenditure, assets and liabilities is undertaken to              leaders to create an environment for our employees’ success
   minimise short-term volatility in the financial results of the Group                           –– Continued focus on the Group’s culture by developing and delivering initiatives that
–– Market and liquidity exposures are reported monthly and reviewed by the Group’s                   reinforce the appropriate behaviours which generate the best possible long-term
   Treasury Committee                                                                                outcomes for our employees, clients and shareholders
–– Long-term forecasts and stress tests are prepared to assess the Group’s future                 –– Promotion of a diverse and inclusive workforce with active support across a wide
   liquidity as well as compliance with the regulatory capital requirements                          range of health and wellbeing activities
–– Investment Company (IC) commitments are reviewed and approved by the CEO and                   –– Regular reviews of resourcing and key person exposures are undertaken as part of
   the CFOO on a case-by-case basis assessing the risks and return on capital                        business line reviews and the fund and portfolio company review processes
–– Market risk arising from adverse market fluctuations affecting the IC is monitored by          –– The Remuneration Committee oversees the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and its
   assessing the assumptions used in valuations of underlying investments                            application to senior employees, and reviews and approves incentive arrangements
                                                                                                     to ensure they are commensurate with market practice
Trend and Outlook
The pandemic continues to present uncertainty to the financial markets, and market risk           Trend and Outlook
has been one of the impacted areas. The Group has implemented appropriate measures                The engagement of our employees across the Group continues to be of paramount
to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange and interest rate fluctuations and will continue       importance and focus during the pandemic. The Group’s employee networks provided
to monitor and respond to fluctuations, as political and economic uncertainties evolve.           support to help employees adjust to new ways of working and assist with their caring
                                                                                                  responsibilities during this challenging time. The Wellbeing programme is focused
The Group’s new treasury system has stabilised well post the recent implementation and
                                                                                                  on the activities and benefits that are most relevant to our employees, and improvements
the focus is now on utilising the functionality to capture process efficiencies and control
                                                                                                  will be made over the coming months to help us to continue to support all aspects of
enhancements across the Treasury and Finance functions.
                                                                                                  their wellbeing.
We continue to manage our balance sheet prudently, with a strong focus on liquidity.
                                                                                                  Careful consideration is being given to recruitment and integration as the Group
The Group remains well capitalised, with available cash and unutilised bank lines.
                                                                                                  continues to grow. We are progressing a number of key initiatives to ensure we are
In January 2021 we entered into a new £550m ESG-linked Revolving Credit Facility
                                                                                                  appropriately resourced in strategically important areas. We have successfully completed
(see pages 32 and 46) to replace existing facilities, further enhancing our long-standing
                                                                                                  a number of key hires for existing strategies looking to scale up, and for new strategies
focus on our broader positive impact on society. Details of the Group’s liquidity, gearing
                                                                                                  that we plan to launch in future.
and headroom are on pages 46-47.
                                                                                                  The introduction of a revamped performance management process is supporting an overall
                                                                                                  more thoughtful approach to leadership and talent development. We have also launched
                                                                                                  our first global digital learning platform, Workday Learning, which provides our employees
                                                                                                  with instant access to a larger array of courses to support their ongoing development.
                                                                                                  Despite the encouraging vaccination programmes, the pandemic still represents a
                                                                                                  significant threat to our employees’ wellbeing and morale, and navigating the pandemic
                                                                                                  and its aftermath remains an ongoing challenge. Our future efforts will focus on
                                                                                                  determining how and when to bring operations back to some semblance of normal and
                                                                                                  return all of our employees to a safe workplace once local government restrictions
                                                                                                  are lifted.




                                                                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                       53
Risk management continued




     Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risk                                                                   Operational Resilience Risk
     Strategic alignment                                                  Risk trend                  Strategic alignment                                                Risk trend
      1   2    3                                                                                       1    2    3

     Risk appetite                                                                                    Risk appetite
     Low                                                                                              Low to moderate
     Executive Director Responsible                                                                   Executive Director Responsible
     Vijay Bharadia                                                                                   Vijay Bharadia


Risk Description                                                                                  Risk Description
Regulation defines the overall framework for the investment management of the Group’s             The Group is exposed to a wide range of threats which can impact our operational
strategies and funds and our supporting business operations. The failure of the Group to          resilience. Natural disasters, terrorism, environmental issues and pandemics have the
comply with the rules of professional conduct and relevant laws and regulations could             potential to cause significant disruption to our operations and change our working
expose the Group to regulatory censure, penalties or legal or enforcement action.                 environment. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may not be sufficient to
Additionally, the increase in demand for tax-related transparency means that tax rules are        mitigate the damage that may result from such a disaster or disruption. Additionally, the
continuing to be designed and implemented globally in a more comprehensive manner.                failure of the Group to deliver an appropriate information security platform could result in
This raises a complex mix of tax implications for the Group, in particular for our transfer       unauthorised access by malicious third parties, breaching the confidentiality, integrity
pricing, permanent establishment and fund structuring processes. The tax authorities              and availability of our data and systems. Regardless of the source, any critical system
could challenge our interpretation of these tax rules, resulting in additional tax liabilities.   failure or material loss of service availability could negatively impact the Group’s
                                                                                                  reputation and our ability to maintain continuity of operations and provide services
Changes in the legal and regulatory and tax framework applicable to our business may
                                                                                                  to our clients.
also disrupt the markets in which we operate and affect the manner in which we conduct
our business. This could in turn increase our cost base, lessen competitive or market             Key Controls and Mitigation
opportunities, reduce our future revenues and profitability, or require us to hold more           –– Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plans are reviewed and approved on at
regulatory capital.                                                                                  least an annual basis by designated plan owners, and preparedness exercises are
                                                                                                     complemented by an automated Business Continuity Planning tool
Key Controls and Mitigation
                                                                                                  –– Providing laptops for all employees globally removes the physical dependency on the
–– Compliance and Legal functions dedicated to understanding and fulfilling regulatory
                                                                                                     office and allows employees to work securely from home
   and legal expectations on behalf of the Group, including interactions with our
   regulators and relevant industry bodies. The functions provide guidance to, and                –– The Group’s technology environment is continually maintained and subject to regular
   oversight of, the business in relation to regulatory and legal obligations                        testing, such as penetration testing, vulnerability scans and patch management.
                                                                                                     Technology processes and controls are also upgraded where appropriate to ensure
–– Compliance undertake routine monitoring and deep-dive activities to assess
                                                                                                     ongoing technology performance and resilience
   compliance with regulations and legislation
                                                                                                  –– An externally managed security operations centre supplies the Group with skilled
–– The Tax function has close involvement with significant Group transactions, fund
                                                                                                     security experts and technology to proactively detect and prevent potential threats
   structuring and business activities, both to proactively plan the most tax efficient
                                                                                                     and to recover from security incidents, including cyberattacks
   strategy and to manage the impact of business transactions on previously-taken
   tax positions                                                                                  Trend & Outlook
–– Regulatory, legislative and tax developments are continually monitored to ensure we            The initial impacts of the Covid-19 crisis tested the operational resilience of the Group in
   engage early in any areas of potential change                                                  an unprecedented manner. We have been fully operational throughout the pandemic,
                                                                                                  demonstrating remarkable resilience, and technology has played a critical role in
Trend and Outlook                                                                                 delivering a positive colleague and client experience. The rollout of laptops and the
During the year, the Group successfully implemented our full Brexit strategy and we now
                                                                                                  implementation of MS Teams now enable a seamless work environment globally, which is
have an established European platform with Luxembourg as our central hub.
                                                                                                  key to our business continuity in a virtual environment as it removes a physical
We have continued to invest in relevant system capabilities to enhance compliance and             dependency on the office.
legal processes and internal reporting, including further embedding subsidiary
                                                                                                  Any return to our office locations has been carefully considered with employee wellbeing
governance and installing an entity management system. A review of the current Group
                                                                                                  a priority factor and risk assessments being conducted in line with local guidance, and
Tax policies and procedures is also underway to identify process improvements.
                                                                                                  robust return-to-office procedures. While our working arrangements will continue to
The Group remains responsive to a wide range of developing regulatory areas; our plans            evolve with the ongoing and varied impact of Covid-19 regionally, we are prepared for
to transition away from LIBOR equivalents continue on track; and work is underway to              our offices to operate with fewer people on site for an extended period of time, if
examine the implications of the upcoming Investment Firms Regulation and Investment               required. In response to the constraints caused by the pandemic, our shareholder and
Firms Directive. The directive is wide ranging and we are assessing what adjustments              client interactions have become fully virtual for the first time and we expect this to be the
need to be made to our capital, liquidity risk, reporting, and remuneration requirements.         case until we can bring operations back to the norm of in-person meetings.
Additionally, rapidly developing regulatory requirements in the areas of climate risk and
                                                                                                  In response to the continued heightened risk of cyber security as a result of the pandemic,
financial reporting will remain a key focus as we position the Group to continue to meet
                                                                                                  we have implemented a number of initiatives to further protect against the potential
these obligations.
                                                                                                  leakage of sensitive data. Additionally, we have increased our phishing tests globally and
                                                                                                  carried out a cyber scenario exercise designed to strengthen incident preparedness and
                                                                                                  business continuity plans. The Group’s technology and resilience requirements will
                                                                                                  continue to be kept under review to support the growth of the business.




54        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
    Third-Party Provider Risk                                                                         Business Process Risk
    Strategic alignment                                                  Risk trend                   Strategic alignment                                                Risk trend
     1    2    3                                                                                       1    2   3

    Risk appetite                                                                                     Risk appetite
    Moderate                                                                                          Low to moderate
    Executive Director Responsible                                                                    Executive Director Responsible
    Vijay Bharadia                                                                                    Vijay Bharadia


Risk Description                                                                                  Risk Description
The Group outsources a number of critical functions to Third-Party Service Providers              All operational activities at the Group follow defined business processes. We face the risk
(TPP) as part of our business model, as well as managing outsourcing arrangements on              of errors in existing processes, or from new processes as a result of ongoing change
behalf of our funds. The risk that the Group’s key TPPs fail to deliver services in               activity which inherently increases the profile of operational risks across our business.
accordance with their contractual obligations could compromise our operations and                 The Group operates within a system of internal controls that provides oversight of
impair our ability to respond in a way which meets client and stakeholder expectations            business processes, which enables our business to be transacted and strategies and
and requirements. Over reliance on one or only a very limited number of TPPs in a specific        decision making to be implemented effectively. The risk of failure of significant business
and critical business area could also expose the Group to heightened levels of risk,              processes and controls could compromise our operations and disadvantage our clients,
particularly if the service is not easily substitutable. Additionally, the failure of the Group   or expose the Group to unanticipated financial loss, regulatory censure or damage to our
to maintain sufficient knowledge, understanding and oversight of the controls and                 reputation. This could in turn materially reduce our profitability.
processes in place to proactively manage our TPPs could damage the quality and
                                                                                                  Key Controls and Mitigation
reliability of these TPP relationships.
                                                                                                  –– Key business processes are regularly reviewed, and the risks and controls are
Key Controls and Mitigation                                                                          assessed through the RCSA process
–– The TPP oversight framework consists of policies, procedures and tools to govern               –– A ‘three lines of defence’ model is in place, which ensures clarity over individual and
   the oversight of key suppliers, including our approach to selection, contracting and              collective responsibility for process risk management and to ensure policies,
   on-boarding, management and monitoring, and termination and exit. In particular, we               procedures and activities have been established and are operating as intended
   undertake initial and ongoing due diligence of our TPPs to identify and effectively            –– Ongoing monitoring of underlying causes of operational risk events, to identify
   manage the business risks related to the delegation or outsourcing of our key functions           enhancements that require action
–– Ongoing monitoring of the services delivered by our TPPs is delivered through                  –– A well-established incident management processes for dealing with system outages
   regular oversight interactions where service levels are compared to the expected                  that impact important business processes
   standards documented in service agreements and agreed-upon standards
                                                                                                  –– An annual review of the Group’s material controls is undertaken by senior
Trend and Outlook                                                                                    management and Executive Directors
Balancing the risks and benefits of using TPPs to deliver key business services has always
                                                                                                  Trend and Outlook
been a key focus for the Group, and during a crisis we recognise that these risks are
                                                                                                  We have not experienced any material impact to our internal control over our key business
significantly heightened. The transition to working remotely, underpinned by technology,
                                                                                                  processes, despite the fact that most of our employees have been working remotely due
has allowed the Group and our TPPs to continue servicing our clients. We are working
                                                                                                  to the pandemic.
closely with our TPPs to evaluate their resilience strategies and plans to ensure ongoing
and uninterrupted support for our important functions and services during the pandemic.           Advances continues to be made to optimise our business processes and adapt them to
                                                                                                  new organisational needs. During the year, progress has been made to further deliver the
During the year, progress has been made to further deliver the resulting
                                                                                                  resulting recommendations identified during the target operating model assessment that
recommendations identified during the target operating model assessment that
                                                                                                  commenced the previous year and a number of ongoing initiatives are underway to
commenced the previous year. A number of tactical process enhancements are underway,
                                                                                                  improve key business process efficiency. We also completed an upgrade of systems,
with the objective of enhancing the core tenets of the framework to be applied to the
                                                                                                  providing more immediate access to new functionality and minimising the ongoing
oversight of TPPs. Additionally, we have recruited a specialist to oversee our third-party
                                                                                                  support required internally.
fund administrators to optimise commercial contracts, service levels and enhanced
monitoring capabilities.                                                                          Our transformation programme will deliver efficient and more reliable processes;
                                                                                                  however, while this programme is being implemented, this principal risk will
                                                                                                  remain elevated.




                                                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                       55
Risk management continued




Emerging risks                                                              Business change and transformation
Emerging risks are thematic risks with material unknown components          The Group has a number of transformation programmes underway
that may form and crystallise beyond a one-year time horizon. If an         to deliver our strategy for growth, improve client experiences and
emerging risk were to materialise, it could have a material effect          outcomes, strengthen our resilience and control environment and
on the Group’s long-term strategy, profitability and reputation.            support scalable growth. A failure to deliver any one or more of these
Existing mitigation plans are likely to be minimal, reflecting the          programmes within timelines, scope and cost may impact our business
uncertain nature of these risks at this stage. Currently identified         model and ability to deliver our strategy. Strong project governance
emerging risks are as follows:                                              is in place for all aspects of the transformation programme, with
                                                                            reporting and escalation of risks to senior management, the Executive
ESG                                                                         Directors and the Board. Our exposure to change and transformation
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks cover a broad              risk will remain heightened but within our risk appetite through
agenda that has the potential to impact the Group. ESG risks are            the financial year ending 31 March 2022 and beyond. A significant
evolving from emerging risks to foundational factors that must be           volume of activity and benefits is due to be delivered in the year.
considered by the Group across our core risk areas. The Group has           Further transformation delivery is planned for subsequent years,
a long-standing commitment to ESG and our approach, aided by                in addition to those change programmes that are always required to
regulatory initiatives, continues to advance. Integrating ESG risk          meet ongoing business and regulatory developments.
factors into our RMF is necessary for an improved understanding
of the context in which the Group operates and a greater ability            Risk appetite for the principal risks
to respond to the needs of our clients and the wider community.             Risk appetite is defined as the level of risk which the Group is
In particular, given the long-term and persistent nature of climate risk,   prepared to accept in the conduct of our activities. It sets the ‘tone
we are committed to aligning our reporting and disclosures with             from the top’ and provides a basis for ongoing dialogue between
the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)               management, Executive Directors and the Board with respect to the
recommendations (see page 34). However, ESG expectations and                Group’s current and evolving risk profile, allowing strategic and
standards are still evolving. The necessary convergence of                  financial decisions to be made on an informed basis. The risk appetite
regulations and standards may present implementation challenges             framework is implemented through the Group’s operational policies
for the Group’s business strategies, processes and internal                 and procedures and internal controls and supported by limits to
governance requiring enhanced experience in regulatory transition to        control exposures and activities that have material risk implications.
ensure seamless adherence and minimal disruption to operations.
                                                                            The current risk profile is within our risk appetite and tolerance range:

                                                                            Risk Appetite Summary
                                                                             Risk Appetite Level                        Low      Moderate    High


                                                                             1. External Environment Risk

                                                                             2. Fund Performance Risk

                                                                             3. Finance Risk

                                                                             4. Key Personnel Risk

                                                                             5. Legal, Regulatory & Task Risk

                                                                             6. Operational Resilience Risk

                                                                             7. Third Party Provider Risk

                                                                             8. Key Business Process Risk




56      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Viability statement

Viability statement

In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Directors have carried out a comprehensive and robust
assessment of the prospects and viability of the Group.


The Group’s long-term prospects are primarily assessed through               Having reviewed the results of the stress tests, the Directors have
the strategic and financial planning process. The main output of             concluded that the Group would have sufficient resources in the
this process is the Group’s strategic plan. The strategic plan is            stressed scenario and that the Group’s ongoing viability would be
approved by the Board following a robust review and challenge                sustained. The stress scenario assumptions include maintaining the
process. This assessment also reflects the Group’s strategic                 Group’s dividend policy but this and other assumptions would be
priorities (see page 21).                                                    reassessed if the circumstances determined this to be necessary over
                                                                             the longer term.
The review of the strategic plan is underpinned by the regular briefings
received by the Board on macroeconomics, markets, new products               In addition, the Group undertakes a reverse stress test to identify the
and strategies, people management and processes (see page 60).               circumstances under which the business model becomes unviable.
New strategy reviews consider both the market opportunity for the            The most likely scenario to cause the business model to be unviable is
Group and the associated risks, principally the ability to raise             investment write-downs. The reverse stress test determines the level
third-party funds, and deliver strong investment performance.                of investment write-downs required to breach debt covenants and
                                                                             trigger a business model failure point, in the absence of any
Period for assessing viability                                               management actions.
The period covered by the Group’s strategic plan, ICAAP reporting,
shareholder fundraising guidance and the deployment duration for             Analysis of this scenario concluded that write-downs significantly in
some of the larger strategies is three years. This, combined with an         excess of those experienced during the global financial crisis or the
assessment of the period over which forecasting assumptions are              Covid-19 related market downturn experienced in early 2020, without
most reliable, has led the Directors to choose a period of three years to    any mitigating actions, would be required in order for the Group to
September 2024 for their formal assessment of viability. The Directors       breach its banking covenants.
are satisfied that a forward-looking assessment of the Group for this
period is sufficient to enable a reasonable statement of viability.          Viability statement
                                                                             Based on the results of the analysis, and in accordance with the
Assessment of viability                                                      provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Directors
The assessment of the Group’s viability requires the Directors to            confirm that they have a reasonable expectation that the Group will
consider the principal risks that could affect the Group, which are          continue to operate and meet its liabilities, as they fall due, for the
outlined on the previous pages. The Directors review the principal           next three years. The Directors’ assessment has been made with
risks regularly and consider the options available to the Group to           reference to the Group’s current position and prospects, the Group’s
mitigate these risks so as to ensure the ongoing viability of the Group      strategy, the Board’s risk appetite, the Group’s principal risks and the
is sustained.                                                                management of those risks, as detailed in the Strategic Report on
                                                                             pages 1 to 57.
Stress testing is performed on the Group’s strategic plan, which
considers the impact of one or more of the key risks crystallising over      Given the above, the Directors also considered it appropriate to
the assessment period. The severe but plausible stress scenario              prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis as set
applied to the strategic plan is a significant reduction in AUM arising      out on pages 111 and 133.
as a result of one or more of the following principal risks crystallising:
–– External environment risk
–– Fund performance risk
–– Key personnel risk
–– Legal, regulatory and tax risk




                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           57
Chairman’s introduction to governance

Resilience in a challenging year

                                                      Dear Shareholders
                                                      Your Board continues to maintain high standards of
                                                      corporate governance to ensure we operate in the
                                                      interests of all our stakeholders. Upholding of these
                                                      standards is vital as our business continues to grow
                                                      and develop.

                                                      The work of the Board during the year is set out in detail
                                                      overleaf. The challenges and the effects of the Covid-19
                                                      pandemic have inevitably been a key part of the Board’s
                                                      agenda during the year, and we were proactive in
                                                      adjusting our governance arrangements to deal with
                                                      these matters and ensure appropriate oversight.
                                                      In the early part of the financial year, and in light of the
                                                      fast-evolving situation across the globe, the Board
                                                      increased its schedule of regular and ad hoc engagement.
     Lord Davies of Abersoch, Chairman                Meetings became virtual and focused on material
     During the uncertainty of the Covid-19           developments, with the Board and the Risk Committee
     pandemic, good corporate governance has          receiving detailed reports in respect of the Group’s
     provided direction to the Group and enabled it   operational performance and the steps being taken to
                                                      ensure that risks were being appropriately identified and
     to adapt to a new way of working                 managed, and assurance that the audit of the Group
                                                      could be completed in an effective and timely manner.
                                                      The Board and management worked closely through
                                                      unprecedented times, sought detailed external advice and
                                                      maintained regular communication. Our subsequent
                                                      review concluded that this cohesion helped the Group
                                                      rise to the challenge of an extraordinary year.




58    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
At the onset of the pandemic, there were some questions about             As I said in my introductory letter to this Annual Report, I believe that
whether ESG would take a back seat as the world faced immediate           society faces substantial economic and social challenges in the years
danger. I am pleased to see that the opposite has happened, and           ahead. ICG has a history of over 30 years and it is the Board’s duty to
that ESG has become ever more prominent in how businesses think           look not only to the financial year ending 31 March 2022, but to the
about what they do and why they do it. Your Board believes that the       years beyond and to ensure that your Group is positioned to succeed
Group should be a responsible participant in society and seeks to         and thrive. Purpose and culture, which drive the value we create for
direct our strategy in the light of this. ESG considerations are a        our stakeholders, and which are underpinned and reinforced by
crucial part of the Board agenda, and during the year we have             effective corporate governance, are at the heart of that long-term
received detailed reports from the Responsible Investment Officer,        focus and will remain a vital part of the Board’s agenda.
and have had external governance and ESG specialists present to the
Board. We have recently appointed Stephen Welton as the NED               On a personal level, I am grateful for the support we have had from
responsible for ESG matters; he will liaise with management on a          our stakeholders throughout the year, and look forward to continuing
regular basis and ESG matters will be formally reviewed by the            our constructive dialogue.
Board regularly.

I believe we are fortunate that our Board has a diverse membership
of gender, ethnicity and background, and this contributes to broad
and wide-ranging discussions and solutions. I am focused on               Lord Davies of Abersoch
maintaining and enhancing this diversity, as well as ensuring long-term   Chairman
succession planning. During the year we appointed two new
Non-Executive Directors: Rosemary Leith, who joined on 1 February         8 June 2021
2021, and Matthew Lester, who joined on 1 April 2021. We also
appointed Antje Hensel-Roth to the Executive Committee as Chief
People and External Affairs Officer. All three appointments bring
significant experience to the Board from a range of backgrounds,          2021: Board diversity by gender
and I am delighted to have their contributions to our deliberations.

Throughout the year, the Board and its Committees carefully
considered the requirements of the revised Corporate Governance
Code. We complied with those requirements for the year ending
31 March 2021. We also recognise the importance of our wider
stakeholders in delivering our strategy and business sustainability.                         Males       7 (58%)
We are conscious of our responsibilities and duties to our
                                                                                             Females     5 (42%)
stakeholders as part of our duty under section 172 of the Companies
Act 2006. The impacts of our decisions on different stakeholder
groups are uppermost in our minds when discussing issues at
Board meetings.




                                                                          2020: Board diversity by gender




                                                                                             Males       6 (60%)

                                                                                             Females     4 (40%)




                                                                          Details of Director skills are set out on page 86.




                                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021     59
Chairman’s introduction to governance continued

The Board’s Year
The work of the Board during the year was
conducted through ten formal meetings increased
from the usual six due to the circumstances of the                 Financial performance, outlook and capital
                                                                   Progress against the Group’s Board-approved budget
Covid-19 pandemic and regular informal engagement                  and the market-consensus view of our financials was a
with executive management. The activity at formal                  topic on each Board agenda, and was discussed in detail
meetings was reflective of a number of themes.                     by the CFOO in his formal updates to each meeting.
                                                                   The budget for the financial year ended 31 March 2022
                                                                   was also reviewed and challenged by the Board during the
                                                                   year, and ultimately approved after discussion. The Board
                                                                   was also responsible for reviewing the recommendations
                                                                   of the Audit Committee as to reporting financial results at
                                                                   full year and half year, and as to final and interim dividends,
                                                                   and approving these after appropriate challenge. The
     Strategy, new products and markets
                                                                   balance sheet capital position was also kept under review
     At each meeting, the Board received a detailed update
                                                                   during the year in a series of presentations by the CFOO
     from executive management in respect of the overall
                                                                   and the Group’s Treasurer, culminating in a process
     markets and the macroeconomic situation, progress by the
                                                                   whereby the Group’s facility agreement was renewed with
     Group in respect of fundraising, business development,
                                                                   a new panel of banks (including a metric whereby the
     deployment and realisations. The effect of the Covid-19
                                                                   applicable interest rate can be reduced if the Group meets
     pandemic on the Group’s portfolio and investment
                                                                   certain agreed ESG targets).
     pipeline was a particular area of focus and was discussed
     in detail at each meeting; in addition, a series of ad hoc
     meetings were held between April and June 2020 to
     ensure that the Board was kept up to date on the impact of
     the pandemic on these matters. These ad hoc meetings
     also sought views from external advisers to ensure that the
     stakeholder perceptions of the Group were being               Operations, risk management and systems
     considered. The Board also received four detailed             The Board continued to demonstrate a strong oversight
     presentations from portfolio managers during the year in      of the Group’s operating platform during the year,
     respect of the performance of and outlook for key             receiving regular updates on how the corporate functions
     investment strategies; this was part of the ongoing           of the Group are adapting to support the continued
     oversight programme of investment areas and was not           growth of the business. The Board regularly discussed the
     solely related to the pandemic. The presentations included    importance of scalability as the Group continues to grow
     detailed reviews of established business areas such as the    over the long term, and received detailed reports on the
     Senior Debt Partners strategy and Capital Markets             investments made in the Group’s operational capacity,
     Investments, as well as consideration of new areas such as    technology and resources, and the enhancements
     US Private Equity and Life Sciences.                          effected across a number of areas. The Board also
                                                                   reviewed and approved key compliance policies, and
                                                                   oversaw the transition planning for both the Company’s
                                                                   move of head office and a bespoke return-to-work plan
                                                                   prepared to take account of Covid-19 restrictions.




60     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Management and leadership                                       Culture and values
The Board values a culture of transparency and challenge,       The Board continued to provide important oversight and
and as such placed considerable emphasis on considering         leadership in respect of the Group’s culture and values.
the external board evaluation conducted during the first        During the year, the Board conducted a formal review of
half of 2020. The outcome of that evaluation was                the Group’s progress in relation to diversity and
discussed in full at the start of the year with actions being   inclusiveness. The ongoing work of the recently refreshed
set, with a follow-up discussion being held six months later    Diversity and Inclusiveness Champions group was
to discuss progress against those actions and a further         reported on, and the Board provided their insight from
internally-led assessment being reported on by the              experience in other sectors or companies. The Board was
Chairman at the end of the financial year. The Board also       also regularly updated on the Group’s philanthropy
recognises the importance of long-term succession               programme and the deployment of the charitable budget,
planning, and conducted focused discussions in the year         with Andrew Sykes continuing his historic input as the
in respect of such for NEDs as well as a number of              NED who had led the Charity Working Group since its
members of senior management.                                   establishment in 2019. Amy Schioldager, in her role as the
                                                                designated NED for employee engagement, also provided
                                                                reports on her engagement activities with employees and
                                                                her reflections on the culture of the Group.



Stakeholders and shareholders
A continual theme in the Board’s discussions during the
year was the increasing importance of the Group
considering its obligations to stakeholders, the                Employee-related matters
environment and society as a whole. This culminated in the      Both the circumstances of the Covid-19 pandemic and the
appointment of Stephen Welton as the NED with                   ongoing desire to recruit and develop the best talent
responsibility for ESG matters; he will work with executive     meant that employee matters continued to be a top
management of the Group and the Board will receive              priority for the Board during the year. Each Board meeting
formal presentations on ESG matters twice a year, building      received a full update from the Chief People and External
on the presentation already received during the year from       Affairs Officer about all relevant matters in respect of our
the Head of Responsible Investment.                             workforce. While this included regular updates on matters
                                                                such as training and development, workforce diversity and
The Board also sought external views during the year. The       succession planning, a key area throughout the year
results of a Shareholder Perception Survey conducted by         related to workforce wellbeing, with the Board being
Teneo were presented to the Board for information, which        continually updated on this area and offering insight on
noted in particular the increasing importance of ESG            how the Group could continue to best support its
considerations amongst the shareholders, and the Board          employees during an extended period of remote working.
was provided with a presentation by Robey Warshaw, a
corporate finance and advisory business, concerning the
Company’s general performance, engagement with
shareholders and corporate messaging. Input was also
received from Sacha Sadan, former Director of Corporate
Governance of LGIM, on areas of shareholder focus               Recurring matters
(including but not limited to ESG matters). The Board also      The Board also reviewed and/or approved a number of
regularly received input from shareholders, with the Head       other standing matters, including reviewing the Terms of
of Investor Relations providing updates to each regular         Reference of the Board and its Committees, compliance
meeting and the Company Secretary providing a summary           with Terms of Reference on an ongoing basis, the
of governance-related input received from shareholders          recommendation for re-election of all Directors, the
at the time of the Group’s AGM. During the year, the            renewal of the Group’s insurance policies, the Notice of
Board also oversaw the appointment process in respect of        Annual General Meeting, outside interests of Directors,
the Group’s corporate brokers to provide insight into           reviewing fees of all NEDs (excluding the Chairman) and
shareholder matters, leading to the appointment of Citi         checking the shareholdings of senior executive employees
and the reappointment of Numis.                                 are in line with the internal shareholding policy.




                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           61
Board of Directors

Broad and diverse experience

    1                                            2                                                 3

    N

    R




 Lord Davies of Abersoch                         Benoît Durteste                                   Vijay Bharadia


    4                                            5                                                 6

                                                  I                                                 I

                                                 R                                                 A

                                                 Ri                                                Ri




 Antje Hensel-Roth                               Rosemary Leith                                    Matthew Lester


    7                                            8                                                 9

    I                                             I                                                 I

    R                                            A                                                 A

    Ri                                           Ri                                                N

                                                                                                   Ri




 Virginia Holmes                                 Michael ‘Rusty’ Nelligan                          Kathryn Purves


    10                                           11                                                12

    I                                             I                                                 I

    A                                            A                                                 N

    R                                            N                                                 R

                                                 R




 Amy Schioldager                                 Andrew Sykes                                      Stephen Welton

Board Committees
A        Audit                                                              R    Remuneration
I        Independent                                                        Ri   Risk
N        Nominations and Governance                                              Committee Chair




62         ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
1   Lord Davies of Abersoch                                              4   Antje Hensel-Roth
    Chairman                                                                 Chief People and External Affairs Officer
    Joined Board: 2019 (Chairman since 2019)                                 Joined Board: 2020

    Lord Davies has extensive experience as an Executive and                 Antje Hensel-Roth has a wealth of experience in human capital
    a Non-Executive Director in the financial services sector. In            management; prior to joining ICG she was Global Co-Head of
    addition, he has wide-ranging governance experience, having              the Investment Management Practice at Russell Reynolds
    served on the boards of a number of significant companies,               Associates, during which time she acted as an adviser to the
    charities and other bodies across various jurisdictions as well as       global alternative investment community. Since joining ICG in
    having been the Minister for Trade, Investment and Small                 2018, she has been a strong contributor to the strategic
    Business for the UK Government.                                          direction of the Group, and this was recognised with her
                                                                             appointment to the Board in 2020. Antje is responsible for
    Other Directorships                                                      leading our strategic human capital management with a
    Corsair Capital LLC, LetterOne SA, World Rugby Executive                 particular focus on business diversification strategies; she also
    Committee Member, Lawn Tennis Association Ltd and                        leads on communications and external affairs.
    Glyndebourne Productions Limited.
                                                                             Other Directorships
2   Benoît Durteste                                                          None.
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer
    Joined Board: 2012 (Chief Executive Officer since 2017)              5   Rosemary Leith
                                                                             Non Executive Director
    Benoît Durteste has been ICG’s Chief Executive Officer and               Joined Board: 2021
    Chief Investment Officer since 2017. He is an experienced
    investor with a strong understanding of the markets in which the         Rosemary Leith brings to the Board her deep expertise built
    Group operates. During his time on the Board he has been a               over the past 25 years in finance, principal investment, start-up
    strong contributor to the Group’s strategic development,                 creation and growth in Europe and North America. She is
    including leading its European investment business. He                   currently a Non-Executive Director of HSBC (UK) PLC and
    contributes a thorough understanding of financial markets and            YouGov plc. Rosemary is a Trustee of the National Gallery
    the Group’s investment portfolio to Board proceedings. Benoît            (London) and a Fellow at Harvard University’s Berkman Center
    joined ICG in September 2002 with previous experience at Swiss           for Internet & Society. She has extensive experience in the
    Re, GE Capital Private Equity and BNPParibas Levfin.                     technology and digital fields, including as a co-founding
                                                                             Director of the World Wide Web Foundation, and advises and
    Other Directorships                                                      invests in several technology businesses.
    ICG Group entities, ICG investee entities and Chairman of the
    BVCA Alternative Lending Committee.                                      Other Directorships
                                                                             HSBC (UK) Bank PLC, YouGov plc and World Wide Web
3   Vijay Bharadia                                                           Foundation.
    Chief Finance and Operating Officer
    Joined Board: 2019                                                   6   Matthew Lester
                                                                             Non Executive Director
    Vijay Bharadia has extensive experience as a Chief Financial             Joined Board: 1 April 2021
    Officer in the alternative asset management sector. He has
    worked for the past decade as International Chief Financial              Matthew Lester serves as Chairman of Kier Group plc and Chair
    Officer for Blackstone with responsibility for financial, tax and        of the Audit and Risk Committee of Capita plc. Matthew is a
    regulatory reporting across Europe and Asia, as well as holding          senior finance leader with extensive public company experience,
    a wider operational and governance brief. Prior to that, he              having previously served as Group Chief Financial Officer of
    worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in a variety of roles,           both Royal Mail plc and ICAP plc. He also previously served as a
    latterly as Co-Chief Financial Officer for EMEA Equities. Vijay          Non-Executive Director of both Man Group plc and Barclays
    was appointed as ICG’s Chief Finance and Operating Officer and           Bank plc.
    joined the Board in 2019.
                                                                             Other Directorships
    Other Directorships                                                      Kier Group plc and Capita plc
    ICG Group entities and Barts Charity.




                                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          63
Board of Directors continued




7    Virginia Holmes                                                    9    Kathryn Purves
     Non Executive Director                                                  Non Executive Director
     Joined Board: 2017                                                      Joined Board: 2014

     Virginia Holmes brings to the Board an extensive knowledge of           Kathryn Purves was previously the Chief Executive of IFG Group
     the financial services industry, including both investment              plc, a wealth management and financial advisory group, leaving
     management and banking. Her executive experience includes               this role in 2020 following the sale and de-listing of IFG. Prior to
     serving as Chief Executive of AXA Investment Managers in the            this, her most recent executive role was as the Chief Risk Officer
     UK and more than a decade with the Barclays Bank Group. She is          of Partnership Assurance Group plc. Kathryn brings relevant
     an experienced director of a number of UK PLCs (including               expertise to the Board from her role as a non executive of a
     serving on remuneration committees), who enhances the                   number of financial services companies, including as Chair of
     corporate governance understanding of the Board and aids it in          Saunderson House and Redington. Kathryn’s executive
     considering its relationships with stakeholders.                        experience, particularly in risk management, has proved a
                                                                             valuable resource to the Board and she enhances oversight in a
     Other Directorships                                                     key area for the Group. She also brings valuable investment
     Syncona Ltd, European Opportunities Trust PLC, and USS                  experience to the Board. Before joining Partnership in 2008,
     Investment Management Ltd.                                              she worked within the private equity industry for 10 years, most
                                                                             recently at Phoenix Equity Partners.
8    Michael ‘Rusty’ Nelligan
     Non Executive Director                                                  Other Directorships
     Joined Board: 2016                                                      James Hay Partnership, Saunderson House, Aztec Group and
                                                                             Redington.
     Rusty Nelligan was a partner with PwC, retiring in 2016. As lead
     client partner for global companies in financial services and      10   Amy Schioldager
     pharmaceutical life sciences, he was responsible for direction,         Non Executive Director
     development and delivery of services for independent audits,            Joined Board: 2018
     assurance and advisory projects relating to corporate
     governance, internal controls, risk management, regulatory              Amy Schioldager was a senior executive at BlackRock where she
     compliance, acquisitions and financial reporting. Rusty was             was a member of the global executive committee and Head of
     employed by PwC in the US from 1974, in Europe from 1994,               Beta Strategies. She brings extensive knowledge of
     and is a US Certified Public Accountant. His extensive and              international investment markets and a track record of global
     current experience of working closely with major international          expansion. She is based in the US; a region that is a key growth
     financial and corporate institutions on matters of corporate            area for the Group. She was the Founder of BlackRock’s
     governance, financial reporting and internal controls has proven        Women’s Initiative and Vice Chair of BlackRock’s Corporate
     a valuable addition to the Board and Company’s development in           Governance Committee and brings valuable expertise to the
     a growth environment.                                                   Board in these areas.

     Other Directorships                                                     Other Directorships
     None.                                                                   American International Group, Inc.




64     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
11   Andrew Sykes
     Non Executive Director
     Joined Board: 2018

     Andrew Sykes has a wealth of financial services and non
     executive experience. He was previously Chairman of Smith &
     Williamson Holdings Ltd, and Chairman of SVG Capital plc.
     Andrew spent 26 years of his executive career at Schroders
     PLC. He is an experienced director of UK listed companies with
     a deep knowledge of the financial services sector and of
     corporate governance requirements, which, together with his
     background as a senior executive in the asset management
     sector, has proven to be invaluable in helping oversee the
     Group’s continued growth.

     Other Directorships
     Governor of Winchester College and member of Nuffield
     College Investment Committee.

12   Stephen Welton
     Non Executive Director
     Joined Board: 2017

     Stephen Welton has over 25 years’ experience in the
     development capital and private equity industry as well as angel
     investing. He has been the Founder and Chief Executive of the
     Business Growth Fund (BGF), the UK’s largest growth capital
     investor, since its launch in 2011 until July 2020, having
     previously spent over 10 years at CCMP Capital. He started his
     career in banking and has also worked as the Chairman and
     Chief Executive Officer of various growth companies. His
     current Executive Chairman role of BGF and deep investment
     experience mean that he is well placed to contribute to the
     Board on matters relating to strategy and business
     development.

     Other Directorships
     Executive Chairman Business Growth Fund plc (BGF) and a
     number of subsidiaries and Council Member of the PM’s Build
     Back Better Business Council.




                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021   65
Corporate governance

Corporate governance framework
  Board of Directors                                                                          Executive Directors

   –– Comprises the Chairman, Executive and Non-                                              –– Has day-to-day authority (delegated from the
      Executive Directors (NEDs)                                                                 Board) for the management of the Group and its
   –– Has the authority to conduct the business of the                                           business
      Company in accordance with the Company’s                                                –– Has general responsibility for:
      constitutional documents                                                                   –– The Group’s resources
   –– Runs the Group for the long-term benefit of                                                –– Executing the approved strategy
      shareholders and other stakeholders                                                        –– Financial and operational control
   See pages 62 to 65 for further details                                                        –– Managing the business worldwide
                                                                                              See page 109 for further details




  Audit Committee                             Risk Committee                      Remuneration Committee                  Nominations and
  –– Composed of NEDs                         –– Composed of NEDs                 –– Composed of NEDs                     Governance Committee
  –– Oversees external and                    –– Oversees the Group’s             –– Determines the Group’s               –– Composed of NEDs
     internal audit and the                      risk management                     Remuneration Policy                  –– Evaluates the Board’s
     Group’s financial                           framework and system             –– Reviews the                             composition,
     reporting and disclosure                    of internal controls                remuneration of senior                  performance and
                                                                                     management                              succession planning
                                                                                                                          –– Oversees the Group’s
                                                                                                                             culture and diversity and
                                                                                                                             inclusion initiatives
                                                                                                                          –– Considers candidates
                                                                                                                             for Board positions



  Committee liaises with:                     Committee liaises with:             Committee liaises with:                  Committee liaises with:
  –– CFOO                                     –– Head of Risk                     –– CPEAO                                 –– CPEAO
  –– Head of Finance                          –– Global Head of                   –– Human Resources                       –– Human Resources
  –– Head of Investor                            Compliance                       –– Company Secretary                     –– Company Secretary
     Relations
  –– Internal Audit

See page 70 for the report of the           See page 79 for the report of the   See page 87 for the report of the       See page 83 for the report of the
Audit Committee                             Risk Committee                      Remuneration Committee                  Nominations and Governance
                                                                                                                        Committee




66      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Board roles                                                                                      Chief People and External Affairs Officer (CPEAO)
                                                                                                 –– Antje Hensel-Roth, who has responsibility for strategic human
Chairman                                                                                            capital management, communications and external affairs
–– Lord Davies of Abersoch, who is responsible for:
   –– Organising the business of the Board                                                       Senior Independent Director
   –– Ensuring its effectiveness and setting its agenda                                          –– Andrew Sykes, who acts as a sounding board for the Chairman
   –– Effective communication with the Group’s shareholders and                                     and, where necessary, acts as an intermediary for shareholders or
      other stakeholders                                                                            other Directors if they feel issues raised have not been
                                                                                                    appropriately dealt with by the Chairman
See page 58 for the Chairman’s letter to shareholders

Non-Executive Directors                                                                          Key Board support roles
–– Virginia Holmes, Rosemary Leith, Matthew Lester, Rusty Nelligan,                              Company Secretary
   Kathryn Purves, Amy Schioldager, Andrew Sykes and Stephen                                     –– Responsible for advising on legal, governance and listing matters
   Welton act as NEDs of the Company                                                                at Board level and across the Group
–– All NEDs are independent                                                                      –– Provides advice and support to the Board and its Committees
–– Responsible for providing independent oversight of, and                                       –– Manages the Group’s relationships with shareholder bodies
   challenge to, the Executive Directors                                                         –– Each Committee’s Secretary provides advice and support within
See pages 62 to 65 for Directors’ profiles                                                          the specialist remit of that Committee; they are responsible for
                                                                                                    ensuring that the Committee members receive relevant
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                                                       information and that appropriate matters are discussed
–– Benoît Durteste, who oversees the Group and is accountable to
   the Board for the Group’s overall performance                                                 Committee Secretaries
                                                                                                 –– Nominations and Governance Committee: Company Secretary
Chief Finance and Operating Officer (CFOO)                                                       –– Remuneration Committee: Company Secretary
–– Vijay Bharadia, who leads and manages the Group’s financial                                   –– Audit Committee: Head of Finance
   affairs and the operating platform of the Group                                               –– Risk Committee: Head of Risk




Financial year ended 31 March 2021 Board and Committee meeting attendance
Director                                                                                      Board           Audit3            Risk3     Remuneration3     Nominations3

Lord Davies of Abersoch                                                                       9/9                -                 -              5/5               3/3
Benoît Durteste                                                                               9/9                -                 -                -                 -
Vijay Bharadia                                                                                9/9                -                 -                -                 -
Antje Hensel-Roth1                                                                            8/8                -                 -                -                 -
Virginia Holmes                                                                               9/9                -              4/4               5/5                 -
Rosemary Leith2                                                                                1/1               -               1/1              1/1                 -
Rusty Nelligan                                                                                9/9              5/5              4/4                 -                 -
Kathryn Purves                                                                                8/9              5/5              4/4                 -               3/3
Amy Schioldager                                                                               9/9              4/5              3/4                 -                 -
Andrew Sykes                                                                                  9/9              5/5                 -              5/5               3/3
Stephen Welton                                                                                9/9                -                 -              5/5               3/3
Secretary                                                                                     9/9                -                 -                -                 -

1. Antje Hensel-Roth joined the Board on 16 April 2020.
2. Rosemary Leith joined the Board on 1 February 2021.
3. Other Directors attended part or all of some or all meetings at the invitation of the Committee Chair.




                                                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           67
Director induction and skills

Board Development

                              Rosemary Leith                                                      Antje Hensel-Roth
                              Non-Executive Director                                              Chief People & External Affairs Officer
                                                                                                  (CPEAO)

                            “My induction ensured I could                                        “Good governance and
                             contribute immediately.”                                             stakeholder relationships are
                                                                                                  critical to the achievement of
                                                                                                  our strategic objectives. My
                                                                                                  induction broadened and
                                                                                                  deepened my knowledge and
                                                                                                  understanding of this area.”
     Key meetings and knowledge-sharing                                   Key meetings and knowledge-shares
     Rosemary Leith was appointed to the Board on 1 February 2021         The CPEAO’s induction mainly covered public company
     and received a tailored induction programme.                         aspects as she was already very familiar with the Group’s
                                                                          business but was assuming her first role as the director of
     A detailed induction programme for Matthew Lester, who               a PLC. Meetings included:
     joined the Board on 1 April 2021, was also arranged.                 –– A workshop with the Company Secretary and the Head of
                                                                             Investor Relations on matters relating to public company
     The new NED induction was conducted virtually with in-person            regulation and governance
     meetings arranged as follow ups, and included:                       –– A workshop with the Head of Investor Relations on matters
     –– A Group strategy briefing from the CEO                               relating to shareholder relations
     –– An operational matters briefing from the CFOO                     –– Detailed sessions with the Group’s brokers and external
     –– A talent review with the CPEAO                                       legal advisers for their perspective on the Group, its
     –– A board-practices session with the Company Secretary                 business, its narrative with stakeholders and its obligations
     –– Investment strategy briefings from business unit heads               as a public company.
     –– Detailed sessions with the heads of key corporate teams
        such as Finance, Compliance, Risk and Investor Relations.




Ongoing training and development                                          Training
                                                                          A regular training programme has been established. Training ensures
Business and market environment                                           the NEDs receive detailed and more operationally-focused
During the year, the main focus of development for the Board has          presentations about specialist topics relating to the Group’s
been to continue improving their detailed knowledge of the Group’s        business. In addition, the Group monitors other external training
business and the market environment. Business unit heads present          undertaken by the NEDs. The Executive Directors attend Board
developments in their areas, including risks and opportunities for        training and have also undertaken courses on anti-money laundering,
growth, to the Board on a regular basis. Business areas reviewed          anti-bribery and corruption and information security. Each also
during the year included Capital Market Investments, the Senior Debt      receives formal and ad hoc updates on statutory and regulatory
strategy, a proposed North American Private Equity strategy, and          developments from internal and external parties. The Executive
other established investment strategies. These sessions give the          Directors regularly lead business-focused update sessions for all
NEDs a deeper understanding of the Group’s business, strategies           employees on the Group’s strategy and markets.
and markets, and an understanding of team structures to assist with
succession planning. They also provide greater opportunity for the        Tailored training processes were held for Rosemary Leith and
NEDs to challenge Executive Directors and senior management.              Matthew Lester.
Knowledge-sharing
The heads of the Group’s control and oversight functions made
regular presentations. The Board and its Committees also received
technical updates from external advisers, including financial advisers,
lawyers and brokers, on matters such as ESG considerations, external
market conditions and the stakeholder narrative in respect of
the Company.




68     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Board evaluation

Board evaluation exercise

    2021 internal evaluation recommendations and action
    The Board reviews its own performance annually. The assessment covers the effectiveness and performance of the Board as a whole,
    the Board Committees and an evaluation of each Director. It is led by the Chairman, with support from the Company Secretary,
    and includes an independent evaluation of the Chairman by the SID.

    The exercise conducted in 2021 concluded that the Board and each Committee continue to operate effectively. The assessment found
    that the culture of the Board is transparent and cohesive, and that all Board members (including the Chairman) continue to operate
    effectively and contribute well to the debate at the Board. The review noted the impact of the new Chairman and his commitment to
    providing support, advice and challenge to the CEO and the CFOO; it also concluded that the Board had been able to act effectively
    and quickly during the Covid-19 pandemic despite the challenges presented by virtual meetings.

    The review also concluded that in the prior year it had been necessary (due to both the Group’s swift growth and the circumstances
    of the pandemic) for Board time to be spent on tactical or operational matters. While this had been appropriate in the circumstances,
    there is a desire from all Board members to re-focus on the Group’s strategy and spend more time on this area. As a result, a strategy
    day has been arranged to allow a full and open debate away from the normal Board agenda and ensure that the Group’s strategy for
    the post-pandemic landscape is considered.

    Other points of refinement or enhancement were noted following the survey, including a desire to ensure greater clarity in the
    corporate messaging around ESG and an enhancement of the Board’s oversight of ESG activities. While a great deal is being done by
    the Group to address these points, Stephen Welton has been appointed as a designated NED to be responsible for ESG oversight.




    2020 External Board evaluation and follow-up actions
    In early 2020, an independent external review had been conducted by Consilium Board Review, an independent consultancy.
    This review and its conclusions were described in full in last year’s Annual Report

    The findings of the exercise have informed the areas of focus (and agendas) for the Board and the Committees during the year.
    The majority of the points flagged have been successfully resolved:

    –– The new Chairman has continued to focus on Board development and succession planning, culminating in the appointment of two
       further NEDs
    –– The Board has continued to meet key portfolio managers to enhance the Board’s detailed knowledge of the investment business
    –– The Board’s calendar and rolling agenda (and those of the Committees) have been reviewed to ensure that appropriate focus and
       time are given to each item
    –– The Group’s investor relations approach has been refined, and the Board is working very closely with the newly appointed Head of
       Investor Relations
    –– The operating platform of the Group has been closely monitored by the Board, with regular updates and presentations
    –– The new Chairman’s role will include further Board development as the Group continues to grow
    –– The Board continues to focus on the investment strategies, meeting key portfolio managers to enhance the Board’s detailed
       knowledge of the investment business
    –– The Board considers on an ongoing basis how NEDs and Executive Directors can develop a partnership which allows NEDs to add
       as much value as possible (as well as continuing to act as balance and a challenge)
    –– The Board’s calendar and rolling agenda (and those of the Committees) are regularly reviewed to ensure that appropriate focus is
       given to critical matters




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         69
Audit Committee Report

Ensuring oversight

     The purpose of the Audit Committee is to
     assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight
     responsibilities relative to the integrity of
     financial reporting and effectiveness of internal
     controls. We oversee the Group’s financial
     reporting and related elements of its
     accounting, disclosures, internal controls and
     regulatory compliance, in addition to the
     internal and external auditing processes.
     Areas of focus
     Governance
     –– Committee governance
     –– Best practice developments                                 Dear shareholder
     –– People and business changes                                I am pleased to present the Committee’s report for the year ended
     –– Relevant policy review                                     31 March 2021. Separate sections on Committee governance, review
                                                                   of the year, external audit, internal controls and internal audit follow.
     Financial reporting
     –– Content of annual and other periodic financial reporting   A key priority for the Committee is that this Annual Report and
     –– Alternative Performance Measures                           Accounts published by the Group is an accurate representation of its
                                                                   position, performance and development, and that it provides a
     –– Annual Report presentation: fair, balanced and
                                                                   reliable basis for decision making. To achieve this we actively evaluate
        understandable
                                                                   financial reporting, operations and accounting policies; monitor the
     –– Accounting policies                                        system of internal controls established by management, through
                                                                   select observation and inquiry; consider the nature and quality of
     Estimates and judgements                                      work and reports issued by assurance providers; and review and
     –– Identification, process, data, assumptions and             approve the results published by the Group.
        assurance
     –– Going concern and viability                                The quality and integrity of financial reporting are integral to
                                                                   establishing and maintaining trust between the Group and its
     External audit                                                stakeholders, including investors. We welcome the increase in
     –– Appointment and remuneration of external auditors          expectations in this area and closely monitor the guidance issued by
     –– Independence and objectivity                               the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) and others in developing our
     –– Audit scope, quality and effectiveness                     reporting. We are closely following the recent consultation on the
     –– Audit firm and leadership rotation and tender process      future of corporate reporting and will continue to consider emerging
                                                                   guidance and practice for our ongoing development.
     Internal controls and internal audit
     –– Direction of internal audit function                       We are also closely monitoring the consultation on the White Paper
     –– Financial operations: leadership, effectiveness            issued by the UK Government on audit reform, overseen by the
     –– Internal controls over financial reporting                 Department for Business, Energy, and Industrial Strategy Select
                                                                   Committee, which contains far-reaching changes to auditing,
     –– Material controls underlying overall risk management
                                                                   regulatory oversight of audit committees, and other elements of
                                                                   corporate governance.
     Committee members
     –– Rusty Nelligan (c)
                                                                   Uncertainty has been the backdrop to this year, as the economic
     –– Kathryn Purves                                             consequences of the response to Covid-19 unfolded and had to be
     –– Amy Schioldager                                            balanced with protecting health and life. While disruption to the
     –– Andrew Sykes                                               activities of the Group was limited, the Committee has continuously
     –– Matthew Lester (from 1 April 2021)                         evaluated critical activities, viability and going concern assessments,
                                                                   valuations and financial reporting, internal controls effectiveness, and
                                                                   assurance. Critical assumptions, judgements, estimates, risks, and
                                                                   uncertainties taken into account in the reporting process were
                                                                   subject to appropriate scrutiny and debate.




70     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Key activities and priorities
Focus                                                                                           Outcomes

Current year
Financial reporting and clear communication of the impact of                                    –– Enhanced reporting and oversight of key components of
Covid-19 on the business                                                                           financial reporting
Internal control framework, including fraud risk assessment                                     –– Directed finance Initiative to enhance resource and process;
                                                                                                   monitored implementation of operational changes, including
                                                                                                   fraud-risk assessment
Internal audit review and development planning                                                  –– Completed External Quality Assessment and directed the
                                                                                                   implementation of changes to address recommendations

UK audit reform                                                                                 –– Received a briefing from EY on developments with respect to
                                                                                                   audit quality and reform of the UK audit market
Next year
Development of Audit and Assurance Policy
Internal control framework and enhancement of assurance processes
Financial reporting developments
UK audit reform

High quality assurance, including that provided by internal audit,                              Following the review, certain line items have been restated in the
is a key input to the work of the Committee. During the year the                                Group Statement of Changes in Equity, the Parent Company Cashflow
Committee appointed Protiviti to undertake an External Quality                                  Statement and, the Parent Company Statement of Financial Position.
Assessment (EQA) of the Group Internal Audit function. This review                              The Company has also adopted a number of recommendations in
identified a number of opportunities to enhance this activity, and the                          preparing its 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. We remain in
Committee has directed and monitored actions planned and already                                correspondence with the FRC in respect of their outstanding
taken in response to the report.                                                                enquiries on the non-consolidation of the carried interest
                                                                                                partnerships and aspects of the cashflow presentation.1
We have overseen a change in Internal Audit leadership to Roger
Thomson with effect from 12 April 2021. Roger has extensive                                     During the year the Group has continued to develop its process and
experience as a professional internal auditor, and he will have a                               control framework. This has included a focused initiative in respect of
mandate to continue development of this key function. I want to thank                           the Finance function to enhance resource and process. In addition,
Jessica Milligan for her significant contributions to the initiation and                        these operational enhancements have been complemented by the
development of Internal Audit since 2014 and wish her further                                   work done to improve the Group’s risk management framework,
success in her new important responsibilities within Group Finance.                             detailed on pages 38 to 48.

The external audit is also a critical component of our financial                                The Audit Committee has continued to coordinate with the Risk
reporting. This has been EY’s first year as external auditor, and I                             Committee and the Remuneration Committee with the aim of
would like to acknowledge the extra efforts made by both EY and                                 effectively covering pertinent topics in the most suitable forum.
Deloitte, their predecessor, in facilitating a smooth handover in
extraordinary times. EY have assimilated the large volume of                                    The Committee plays a vital role in assisting the Board in its oversight
background knowledge required to audit the Group effectively, and                               responsibilities for the integrity of financial reporting, effectiveness
the Committee has benefited from a fresh perspective.                                           of internal controls, and assessment of quality of the assurance
                                                                                                functions. I would therefore be pleased to discuss the Committee’s
In February 2021, the Company received a letter from the Corporate                              work with any shareholder.
Reporting Review Team of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) as
part of its regular review and assessment of the quality of corporate                           Rusty Nelligan
reporting in the UK, requesting further information in relation to the                          Chair of the Audit Committee
Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts. The letter focused on
(a) the significant judgement in respect of non-consolidation of                                8 June 2021
carried interest partnerships and (b) the cashflow statement.

1. When reviewing the Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts, the FRC has asked us to make clear the limitations of its review are as follows: its review is based on the 2020
   Annual Report and Accounts only and does not benefit from a detailed knowledge of the Group’s business or an understanding of the underlying transactions entered into;
   communications from the FRC provide no assurance that the Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts are correct in all material respects and are made on the basis that the FRC
   (and its officers, employees and agents) accepts no liability for reliance on them by the Company or any third party, including but not limited to investors and shareholders; and the
   FRC’s role is not to verify information provided but to consider compliance with reporting requirements.

                                                                                                                             ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                       71
Audit Committee Report continued




Committee governance                                                    Composition
On behalf of the Board, the Committee encourages and seeks to           The Committee consists of independent NEDs only. The current
safeguard high standards of integrity and conduct in financial          members are Rusty Nelligan (Chair of the Committee), Matthew
reporting and internal control.                                         Lester, Kathryn Purves, Amy Schioldager and Andrew Sykes.
                                                                        Biographical details can be found on pages 62 to 65.
Our work focuses on the evaluation of significant estimates and
judgements underlying the financial statements and the overall          The Committee members have a wide range of business and financial
fairness and clarity of reported financial information.                 experience, including accounting and auditing, risk management,
                                                                        asset management and investment, regulation and compliance, M&A,
Roles and responsibilities                                              tax and international business practices. These skills ensure the
The Committee meets regularly, at least four times a year. It is        Committee has the relevant sector competence to enable it to fulfil its
responsible for:                                                        terms of reference in a robust and independent manner. Rusty
                                                                        Nelligan, a US Certified Public Accountant, was previously a partner
–– Reviewing the annual and interim accounts before they are
                                                                        at PWC working for over 20 years as lead client partner for European-
   presented to the Board, in particular addressing any significant
                                                                        headquartered global companies in financial services and
   issues arising from the audit; accounting policies and clarity of
                                                                        pharmaceutical life sciences. The Board considers that he has
   disclosures; compliance with applicable accounting and legal
                                                                        competence in accounting and auditing as well as recent and relevant
   standards; and information used in making significant judgements,
                                                                        financial experience.
   including fair values, going concern and viability
–– Monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of the Group,
                                                                        The Executive Directors and Chairman of the Board are not members
   including its annual and half-yearly reports, trading updates and
                                                                        of the Committee but regularly attend meetings at the invitation of the
   any other formal announcements relating to its financial
                                                                        Chair of the Committee, together with EY, the Group’s external
   performance, and advising the Board whether it considers the
                                                                        auditor, the Head of Internal Audit, the Head of Finance and the
   Annual Report to be fair, balanced and understandable
                                                                        Head of Risk.
–– Selecting and recommending the appointment and reappointment
   of the external auditor, including tenders where necessary; and      The Committee meets separately with the external auditors and
   negotiating and agreeing audit fees and scope of work                Head of Internal Audit without management present at least twice
–– Reviewing the performance of the external auditor in respect of      a year to ensure that they are receiving full cooperation from
   scope of work, reporting, and quality of audit and overall service   management, obtaining all the information they require and are able
–– Reviewing independence, including key-partner rotation, and          to raise matters directly with the Audit Committee if they consider
   remuneration of the external auditor and the relationship between    it is desirable to do so.
   audit and non-audit work
–– Approving the appointment or termination of the Head of Internal     In addition, the Chair of the Committee meets with the external
   Audit; approving the internal audit charter; and monitoring the      auditors, Head of Internal Audit, Executive Directors, and other
   effectiveness of the internal audit function in the context of the   members of financial and operational management separately, and as
   Group’s overall risk management framework                            appropriate, throughout the year.
–– Reviewing and assessing the annual internal audit plan and
   resources, receiving and evaluating internal audit reports, and      Terms of reference
   monitoring management’s responsiveness to internal audit             The Committee’s terms of reference are approved and reviewed by
   findings and recommendations.                                        the Board on a regular basis, most recently in May 2021. The terms
                                                                        of reference are available on the Group’s website www.icgam.com,
In carrying out its duties, the Committee is authorised by the Board    or by contacting the Company Secretary.
to obtain any information it needs from any Director or employee of
the Group.                                                              Effectiveness
                                                                        The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of the
                                                                        internal Board evaluation led by the Chairman in early 2021; the
                                                                        Committee was found to be operating effectively. For more details of
                                                                        this exercise, please see page 69.

                                                                        Summary of meetings in the year
                                                                        The Committee held five meetings during the year in line with the
                                                                        quarterly reporting dates. The Committee members attending each
                                                                        of the meetings can be found on page 67.

                                                                        In addition, there was one sub-committee meeting in May 2020 to
                                                                        review key aspects of the 2020 Annual Report and for management
                                                                        to update the Committee on the estimates and judgements applied to
                                                                        the valuation of the investment portfolio.


72      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Review of the year
The agenda of the Committee comprises recurring, seasonal and other business. Over the course of the year, the Committee considered and
discussed the following significant matters:

The matter and its significance    Work undertaken                                         Comments and conclusion

Performance measures               The Group uses a number of alternative                  We were satisfied that alternative performance
Alternative performance            performance measures, including but not limited to:     measures, which are widely used in the asset
measures can add insight to the                                                            management industry, can provide insight into
                                   –– Cash and debt position
IFRS reporting and help to give                                                            performance from the perspective of our
                                   –– Cash generated from operating activities
shareholders a fuller                                                                      shareholders and other stakeholders.
                                   –– Gearing
understanding of the               –– Balance sheet investment portfolio                   A review of the alternative performance measures
performance of the business        –– Net investment return                                was undertaken and we were satisfied that they did
See KPIs on page 21 and            –– FMC operating margin                                 not detract from IFRS measures and were:
the finance and operating review                                                           sufficiently defined; consistently applied; and,
                                   A full list can be found in the glossary on page 180.
on page 38                                                                                 where relevant, reconciled to IFRS measures.
                                   Strategic KPIs that are alternative performance
                                   measures are detailed on page 21.
                                   We discussed the use of alternative performance
                                   measures with the Executive Directors and the
                                   external auditor and reviewed their continued
                                   appropriateness and consistency with prior years.
                                   Internal audit provided assurance that the
                                   alternative performance measures had been
                                   prepared on a basis consistent with prior years
                                   and were subject to adequate review and
                                   validation controls.

Consolidation of                   We challenged the information analysed by               We concluded that the Group controlled 17
investments in funds               management to assess which third-party funds,           structured entities and three carried interest
The Group holds investments in a   carried interest partnerships, and portfolio            partnerships. The Group exercised significant
number of funds which it           companies are either controlled by the Group or         influence over five other entities during the financial
manages. Judgement is required     over which the Group exercises significant influence.   year. Accordingly, the controlled entities have been
assessing whether these funds                                                              consolidated into the Group’s financial statements,
                                   All accounting policies and disclosures were
are controlled by the Group and                                                            and the entities over which the Group exercises
                                   reviewed for continued appropriateness and
therefore need to be                                                                       significant influence have been equity accounted.
                                   consistency in light of business developments
consolidated into the Group’s                                                              This has had the impact of grossing up the balance
                                   and changes in accounting standards.
financial statements                                                                       sheet, with total assets and total liabilities both
                                                                                           increasing by £4.3bn (2020: £3.6bn).
See note 28 on page 170 and the
Auditor’s Report on page 117                                                               The Committee concluded that the accounting
                                                                                           policies and disclosures were appropriate and had
                                                                                           been updated properly. Based on our inquiries of
                                                                                           the Executive Directors and external auditors, we
                                                                                           concluded policies are being properly applied in
                                                                                           areas such as assessing control and significant
                                                                                           influence, revenue recognition, valuation of financial
                                                                                           assets, impairments and taxation provisions.

                                                                                           We concluded that the areas of judgement (see page
                                                                                           132) are properly explained. We gained comfort from
                                                                                           the Executive Directors and the external auditors that
                                                                                           the Group complied with its reporting requirements.




                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            73
Audit Committee Report continued




The matter and its significance     Work undertaken                                           Comments and conclusion

Annual Report                       We held preparatory discussions with the Executive        The Committee received confirmation that
Taken as a whole, the Annual        Directors to determine the format of the Annual           individual responsibilities had been fulfilled
Report needs to be fair, balanced   Report and reviewed the assigned responsibilities for     and confirmed that the overall report was
and understandable so that it is    its content and overall cohesion and clarity.             consistent with the Directors’ knowledge and
relevant to readers                                                                           understanding of the Group. This supported the
                                    The Executive Directors compared our 2021 Annual
                                                                                              Committee’s, and the Board’s, assessment that
See page 116                        Report with that of other alternative asset managers
                                                                                              the Annual Report taken as a whole is fair,
                                    and best practice more widely. In light of that work we
                                                                                              balanced and understandable.
                                    commented on design and content, ensuring that
                                    feedback on the prior year Annual Report had been         We were satisfied that the information presented
                                    addressed and the impact of Covid-19 had been             in the Strategic Report was consistent with the
                                    carefully considered in the context of the Group.         performance of the business reported in the
                                                                                              financial statements. In particular, we were
                                    We reviewed management’s decision to present the
                                                                                              satisfied that the estimates and quantified risk
                                    Group and Parent Company Cashflow Statements
                                                                                              disclosures in the financial statements are
                                    using the indirect method to enhance understanding
                                                                                              consistent with those identified in the Strategic
                                    and align to our peer group.
                                                                                              Report and, to the extent possible, addressed
                                    We reviewed all sections of the 2021 Annual Report        the impact of Covid-19 on the Group’s activities.
                                    having particular regard for the Committee’s specific     The Committee concluded that appropriate
                                    responsibilities for the financial statements. We used    judgements had been applied in determining the
                                    the Executive Directors’ and the Committee’s              estimates and that sufficient disclosure had been
                                    collective knowledge to determine the overall             included to allow readers to understand the
                                    fairness, balance and understandability prior to final    uncertainties surrounding outcomes.
                                    approval by the Board. In this context, we especially
                                                                                              We were satisfied that the viability statement
                                    considered judgemental matters such as the key risks
                                                                                              should consider a three-year time horizon given
                                    (see page 49), estimates and the period covered by
                                                                                              that 87% of AUM is in long-term closed-end funds
                                    the viability statement(see page 57).
                                                                                              and the cash resources available to the Group.
                                                                                              This reflects our internal planning cycle, ICAAP
                                                                                              reporting and the deployment duration for some
                                                                                              of the larger strategies.




74     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The matter and its significance          Work undertaken                                          Comments and conclusion

Investment valuation                     The Committee monitored the work undertaken              The Committee reviewed the conclusions of the
                                         by the Group’s Valuation Committee (GVC).                GVC, carefully considering the impact of the current
Investments with managed                 The GVC determines the value of the Group’s              economic environment on the judgement required.
funds, in portfolio companies, in        direct investments and reviews and challenges
senior and subordinated notes                                                                     We reviewed the methodologies used to value the
                                         the values determined for co-investments and
of CLO vehicles and in Disposal                                                                   Group’s investments and concluded that the
                                         fund investments by the underlying fund
groups held for sale represent                                                                    valuations had been performed in line with the
                                         Investment Committee.
34% of our total assets under                                                                     accounting policies.
IFRS. As the assets are mainly           We reviewed reports on the valuation processes
                                                                                                  In our review of the financial statements we were
unquoted and illiquid,                   undertaken and the significant judgements
                                                                                                  satisfied that sufficient disclosures had been
considerable professional                made in determining the value of the investments.
                                                                                                  provided on the estimates and judgements made in
judgement is required in                 We challenged the methodologies and
                                                                                                  determining the value of the portfolio.
determining their valuation              assumptions used.

See notes 5 and 10 to the financial      Management was challenged to ensure that the
statements and the Auditor’s Report      most appropriate valuation methodology was
on page 117                              applied to ensure that the investments were valued
                                         in accordance with the Group’s accounting
                                         policies, which remain unchanged, and International
                                         Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation or
                                         other relevant guidelines where applicable.
                                         The Committee inquired into the progress of
                                         ongoing asset realisations after the year end as an
                                         indicator of the reliability of the valuation process.
                                         In addition to the Executive Directors’ procedures
                                         and the work of the external auditors, internal audit
                                         periodically reviews the valuation process and
                                         provides the appropriate assurance to the
                                         Committee of the Executive Directors’ compliance
                                         with the Group’s valuation policies, process
                                         and procedures.

Revenue recognition                      We reviewed the revenue recognition of                   The Committee concluded that revenue has been
Revenue recognition involves             management fees, performance fees and investment         properly recognised in the financial statements.
certain estimates and                    income to confirm that the treatments were
judgements, particularly in              consistent with the Group’s accounting policies.
respect to the timing of
recognising performance fees,
which are subject to
performance conditions
See note 3 to the financial statements
and the Auditor’s Report on page 117

Accounting policies                      We reviewed the proposed change in the method            The Committee agreed with management that
Accounting policies are the              used to prepare the Consolidated and Parent              adoption of the indirect method brings the Group in
specific principles, bases,              Company Cashflow Statement.                              line with the presentation adopted by its peers.
conventions, rules and practices
applied by an entity in preparing
and presenting financial
statements

See notes to the financial statements
on page 132 onwards




                                                                                                         ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          75
Audit Committee Report continued




In addition to the significant matters addressed above, the Committee      The Committee reviews with EY the risks of material misstatement of
maintained a rolling agenda of items for its review including auditor      the financial statements and confirms a shared understanding of
independence and external audit effectiveness, internal audit, capital     these risks. While planning the audit, EY sets out the key tests that
strategy, financial and management reporting, risk and treasury            they perform on the higher-risk areas, and the Committee provides
management capabilities, relevant people changes, the going                input on areas that it wants to receive particular attention.
concern concept of accounting (see page 111), the viability statement
(see page 57), the Auditor’s Report (see page 117), accounting             In the current period, the Committee focused on critical estimates
developments and the Auditor’s management letter. No issues of             and assumptions underlying investment valuation judgements, taking
significance arose.                                                        into account the economic uncertainty as a result of the Covid-19
                                                                           pandemic. The Committee challenged several scenario and sensitivity
External audit                                                             conclusions, and advocated additional analysis of the balance sheet
The Group complies with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the              and disclosures to the financial statements.
Financial Reporting Council (FRC) Guidance on Audit Committees
and the EU Regulation on Audit Reform. In addition, we comply with         The Committee Chair meets or calls the lead audit partner generally
all aspects of the Competition and Markets Authority Statutory Audit       monthly throughout the year and more frequently at the public
Services Order.                                                            reporting periods, to review Group developments and audit
                                                                           progress. The Committee also discusses with EY, prior to
Appointment and rotation                                                   recommendation of the financial statements to the Board, the audit
The Group’s policy is to submit the external audit to tender every ten     findings, including audit differences, and observations on internal
years, as a fair balance between the costs and disruption of a tender      controls, operations and resources. This includes discussions in
and the benefits of a potential fresh pair of eyes and challenge, and      private sessions without the Executive Directors present.
for the external audit firm to be rotated at least every 20 years. Under
transition arrangements of the relevant regulations, the Group was         In accordance with relevant independence standards, the external
required to rotate its external audit firm for the financial year ended    auditors do not place direct reliance on the work of internal audit.
31 March 2022 at the latest. The Group elected to make this rotation
with effect from the financial year ended 31 March 2021.                   The Committee are satisfied that the audit is probing, challenging and
                                                                           effective and that the approach provides a reliable audit opinion with
The Committee recommended that EY should be proposed to                    a reasonable expectation of detecting material errors, irregularities
shareholders as the Group’s auditors for the financial year ended 31       and fraud.
March 2021. The shareholders voted in favour of this appointment at
the 2020 AGM.                                                              Materiality
                                                                           The Committee reviews accuracy of financial reporting with EY
The Committee confirmed to the Board that EY had a senior,                 including both accounting errors of lesser significance that will be
experienced team with good working knowledge of auditing                   brought to our attention and amounts that would need to be adjusted
valuations of unquoted, illiquid investments. Furthermore, the             so that the financial statements give a true and fair view. In principle,
Committee felt that throughout the tender process and ongoing              errors can arise for many reasons ranging from deliberate fraud to
transition EY had demonstrated its commitment to providing the             estimates made which did not consider all available information.
Group with a high quality, focused audit, together with efficient
coordination, and effective communication and support. During the          For the financial year ended 31 March 2021, overall audit materiality
transition period EY has ensured that no prohibited services were          was set at £25.5m (2020: £7.1m). This equates to 5% (2020: 5%) of
provided to the Group.                                                     Group profit before tax. This is within the range that audit opinions
                                                                           are conventionally thought to be reliable.
Execution
The Committee discusses and agrees the scope of the audit prior to         The auditors use overall materiality combined with their knowledge
its commencement. For the financial year ended 31 March 2021, the          of the Group, controls environment and assessment of significant
full scope audit coverage amounted to 96% (2020: 92%) of the               risks, to determine which Group entities require full-scope audits or
Group’s profit before tax and 96% (2020: 96%) of the Group’s net           specific audit procedures in order to confirm that the financial
assets. Specific review procedures were performed on another 17            statements are free of material misstatement. Further details can be
non-significant entities.                                                  found in the Auditor’s Report on page 117.




76     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
To manage the risk that aggregate uncorrected errors become                In addition to the annual evaluation and regular review of reports and
potentially material, the Committee agreed with EY to draw attention       the working practices of the EY audit team, the Committee undertakes
to all identified uncorrected misstatements greater than £1.3m             an ongoing assessment of external audit quality and effectiveness
(2020: £357,000).                                                          including, but not limited to, the following:

Quality and effectiveness                                                  –– The content of EY’s annual Transparency Report which sets out
In assessing the quality and effectiveness of the external audit, the         their commitment to audit quality and governance
Committee looks at the audit team’s demonstrated competence,               –– Insights arising from the Audit Quality Review team (AQRt) of the
experience, diligence, objectivity, professional scepticism, current          Financial Reporting Council’s annual audit of a sample of EY’s
knowledge and its relationship with the Executive Directors and               audits. Following discussion with EY, insofar as any issues might
senior management. In particular, the Committee assesses the depth            be applicable, the Committee determines that EY has proper and
of review and level of challenge provided by the external auditors            adequate procedures in place for the audit
over the significant judgements and estimates made by management.          –– The formal terms of engagement with the auditor, and the audit
                                                                              fee. The Committee determined that the Group audit fee of £1.5m
The Committee observed healthy debate initiated by EY, and received           (2020: £1.3m) appropriately reflected the scope and complexity
high-quality reports with detailed information on the scope and               of the work undertaken by EY
results of their work, including challenge to management judgements,       –– The audit status update received from EY at every Audit
estimates and assumptions. The Committee gained valuable insight              Committee meeting, including findings, fees, and compliance with
from EY on the nature of operations underlying the Group’s                    independence requirements
production of financial information, and received a current
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting, to the           On the basis of this review and our ongoing interactions and
extent observed as a by-product of their audit of the consolidated         observations, the Committee remains confident in EY’s work.
financial statements.
                                                                           Non-audit services
EY and management were challenged to update their assessment of            The Board has an established policy setting out what non-audit
the depth and quality of disclosure in the financial statements and the    services can be purchased from the firm appointed as external
effectiveness and efficiency of the internal controls over the financial   auditors. The Committee monitors non-audit services provided to the
reporting close process. This resulted in additional focus and             Group by EY to ensure there is no impairment to their independence
resources and a path to further continuous improvement.                    or objectivity.
The overall assessment of audit quality includes an annual evaluation      The policy sets out the categories of non-audit services which
of the independence and objectivity of the external auditor and the        the external auditor is and is not allowed to provide to the Group.
effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration relevant     We received confirmations from the Executive Directors and EY of
professional and regulatory requirements. This assessment is based         adherence to this policy and monitor non-audit services against a
in part on results of observation, inquiry and challenge, throughout       fee cap. A copy of the policy can be found on the Group’s website,
the year, as well as periodic reflection and input collected separately    www.icgam.com.
from Committee members, Executive Directors and other relevant
senior management. The annual evaluation of EY will be formally
considered by the Committee in September 2021.




                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            77
Audit Committee Report continued




During the year, the Group paid £0.2m (2020: £0.4m (Deloitte LLP))           The resulting plan is reviewed and approved by the Committee, with
to EY for the provision of corporate non-audit services. Of the fees,        regular updates provided. This is kept under constant review, with
£0.1m is in respect of services in their capacity as auditor. The ratio of   any significant changes recommended to the Committee for approval.
non-audit services to 70% of audit fees on a three-year rolling basis
was 0.1:1. A detailed analysis of fees paid by the Group to EY is shown      The Group has a number of regulated entities that have specific
in note 12 on page 149.                                                      requirements for internal audit activities. These requirements are
                                                                             taken into account in the planning process and, as appropriate,
Internal controls                                                            relevant reports on audit scope and findings are shared with the
Risk management and internal control matters are the responsibility          Boards of the regulated subsidiaries.
of the Group’s Risk Committee. Its report is set out on pages 79
to 82.                                                                       Execution
                                                                             The Committee considered and approved the updated internal audit
The Group has an established control framework, designed to                  strategy and plan for fiscal years 2021 and 2022. Updates on delivery
manage but not eliminate risks and provide reasonable but not                of this plan, together with related status of remedial actions, are
absolute assurance against material losses or misstatements.                 reported at each meeting of the Committee.

Effectiveness                                                                During the year, in accordance with the plan, 13 risk-based reviews
The Committee reviews the effectiveness of the financial control             were completed, responded to by management and reviewed by the
environment, including controls over financial reporting and the             Committee. We pay particular attention to identified themes across
preparation of financial information included in the Annual Report.          the business, relative importance and relationship of findings,
That assessment is taken into account by the Board when it                   recommended and agreed remedial actions and compliance with
undertakes its review of the effectiveness of material controls              timescales for resolution and follow-up.
(see page 81).
                                                                             The Committee is satisfied that delivery of the approved internal audit
The Committee reviews the operation of the finance function to               strategy and plan is providing timely and appropriate assurance on the
ensure it is sufficiently resourced and has the appropriate processes        controls in place to feasibly manage the principal risks to the Group.
and controls over financial reporting to fulfil its duties.
                                                                             Developments
Developments                                                                 A new Head of Internal Audit joined the Group shortly after the end
During the year, the Group initiated a programme of work to develop          of the financial year. The Committee monitored the handover of
the operating model for finance and other operations, and continued          responsibilities from the prior Head of Internal Audit who has taken
development of its process and control framework. These changes              up a new role with the Group.
were advocated by the Committee and are considered necessary steps
in view of continued regulatory development and business growth.             Effectiveness
                                                                             An External Quality Assessment was undertaken during the year.
The Group also expanded its implementation of control reviews over           This review assessed conformance with the IIA Standards and the
fund management operations, under ISAE 3402 Assurance Reports                Financial Services Code, and the effectiveness within the context of
on Controls at a Service Organisation.                                       the function’s charter and stakeholder expectations. The Committee
                                                                             reviewed the report and directed management to implement
                                                                             recommendations for improvement relating principally to further
Internal audit                                                               development of certain process and procedures for planning and
The Group has an internal audit function led by an experienced Head
                                                                             coverage, issue tracking, and documentation of work performed.
of Internal Audit, reporting to the Chair of the Audit Committee. The
Head of Internal Audit has access to external service providers with
                                                                             In the current period, the Committee concluded that the internal audit
specialised skills, to augment internal resources as needed.
                                                                             function is operating effectively, at the present level of operations.
                                                                             We will continue to monitor resourcing in view of regulatory
Approach                                                                     development and business growth.
In conformity with the Financial Services Code (Guidance on effective
internal audit in the financial services sector), a risk-based planning
process is performed annually. This includes consideration of
business objectives and a focus on those risks identified as being
most likely to impact delivery of the Group’s strategy.




78      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Risk Committee Report

Creating an effective risk framework

    The role of the Committee is to support the
    Board in identifying and managing risk;
    complying with regulations; and promoting
    good conduct.
    Areas of focus
    Principal and emerging risks
    –– Identification and management of principal risks
    –– Risk appetite and tolerances
    –– Identification of emerging risks

    Governance
    –– Committee governance
    –– Oversight of risk and compliance policies
    –– Best practice and governance code developments
                                                          Dear shareholder
                                                          As a Committee, we support the business by monitoring
    Risk management framework                             the risks which matter most.
    –– Effectiveness of risk management systems
                                                          The Committee monitors the Group’s risks on an ongoing basis and
    –– Review of risk events and remedial actions
                                                          supports at all times the Group’s agreed risk appetite, covering the
    –– Risk function resourcing
                                                          extent and categories of risk which the Board considers as
                                                          acceptable for the Group. Using the information and evaluations
    Regulatory risks                                      obtained from our regular top-down and bottom-up reviews,
    –– Impact and implementation of regulatory change
                                                          alongside the principal risk exposure ratings, the Committee creates
    –– ICAAP                                              an effective framework for overseeing and developing a Group-wide
    –– Compliance function resourcing                     approach and culture regarding risk.

    Committee members                                     The Committee continues to work with management to position the
    –– Kathryn Purves (c)                                 Group conservatively in response to a heightened risk environment.
    –– Rusty Nelligan                                     During 2020, the Committee maintained its focus on the impacts of
    –– Virginia Holmes                                    the Covid-19 pandemic crisis, which has continued to be at the
    –– Amy Schioldager                                    forefront of our risk assessment and mitigation planning processes.
    –– Matthew Lester                                     Despite the significant market volatility in the early stages of the
                                                          pandemic and the necessary switch to remote working to keep our
    –– Rosemary Leith (from 1 February 2021
                                                          employees safe, we have been able to operate effectively for our
                                                          clients and stakeholders, with little to no disruption.

                                                          Our overall response was governed by the Crisis Management Team
                                                          (CMT) which met regularly throughout the year. The central
                                                          coordination of the response by the CMT, combined with the
                                                          response and autonomy of local Incident Management Teams, meant
                                                          we were able to reconfigure our global offices to meet local
                                                          government guidelines thereby allowing employees to safely return
                                                          when and where this was permitted and appropriate.

                                                          One of the principal risks prioritised by the Committee throughout
                                                          the year has been our people risk profile in view of the longevity of
                                                          the pandemic and the impacts on our employees. The Committee has
                                                          recognised the increased demands and outside pressures on
                                                          employees as a result of the pandemic, and there has been significant
                                                          focus on employee wellbeing and resilience in light of prolonged
                                                          periods of home working. We strengthened our communications to
                                                          employees to help them feel supported and engaged. In often




                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          79
Risk Committee Report continued




challenging circumstances, our employees have proved to be resilient         The Committee supports the Risk Management Development
and dedicated and have performed exceptionally well. The Committee           Programme (RMDP) and continues to monitor and challenge the
will continue to monitor closely the impacts on colleague sentiment          progress being made in the identification, assessment and
and engagement.                                                              management of operational risk. The Committee received regular
                                                                             updates on the progress of the Risk and Control Self-Assessment
The Committee considered closely the anticipated heightened                  (RCSA) programme and business transformation activity within our
operational resilience risks and despite the challenges of the               Finance and Operations functions, aimed at introducing process
pandemic progress has been made in delivering technological                  efficiency and further reducing our operational risk exposure.
developments which have helped to further improve our cyber
security. We have taken further steps to strengthen the control              ESG and in particular climate change is a key area of focus for the
environment to improve the Group’s ability to respond to incidents,          Group. The Committee received an update from the Responsible
and to continue delivering key services to our clients. New hardware         Investing Officer regarding the Group’s ESG initiatives and was
and software have enhanced our core technology infrastructure,               pleased to see the Group continuing to adopt a proactive response
while investment and operations platforms continue to be enriched,           to the challenges, risks and opportunities arising from climate
with enhancements in this space continuing through 2021 to provide           change. This progress was welcomed, while acknowledging the need
added security, resilience, and efficiency.                                  for risk management practices to evolve further across the whole
                                                                             industry in respect of climate change risk. Considering the pace of
The Group places significant focus on complex regulatory changes,            developments in this area, the Committee will continue to closely
as well as ensuring effective horizon scanning of upcoming trends            monitor ESG and climate change risks, together with the delivery of
and evolving risks. The Committee has provided effective oversight           the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
and ensured effective controls are in place to comply with existing          recommendations and other stakeholder commitments.
regulatory obligations, including greater consideration of these at an
individual legal entity level. The Committee considered regular              For the year ahead, transformation activity and operational resilience
updates on emerging regulatory and legal risks and continued to              will continue to be key themes and our risk exposure will remain
closely monitor a number of significant regulatory change and                heightened through the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and
oversight programmes to ensure successful execution.                         beyond as a significant volume of activity and benefits are due to be
                                                                             delivered in the year, whilst further transformation delivery is planned
The Committee continued to monitor the potential risk impacts of             for subsequent years.
Brexit, considering in particular the impact risk of an exit without an
agreement in place. Our full Brexit strategy was successfully                The Committee will continue to ensure that we are adopting a
implemented in the required time frame, and we now have an                   proactive response to the challenges, risks and opportunities to
established European platform with Luxembourg as our central hub.            which the Group is exposed.
We will continue to closely monitor future negotiations and
regulatory developments, including any frameworks for regulatory             I would be pleased to discuss the Committee’s work with any
cooperation between the UK and the EU that might affect our                  shareholder.
business and our clients.
                                                                             Kathryn Purves
The Committee discussed the evolution of risks under the latest              Chair of the Risk Committee
principal risk refresh which has led to a revised set of risks that more
comprehensively capture those that would threaten our business               8 June 2021
model. The Committee also reviewed and proposed updates to the
risk appetite framework to ensure that the risk appetite statements,
risk metrics and limits reflect changes to the risk profile in view of the
external environment and ongoing transformation of the business.




80      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Governance of risk                                                         Composition
On behalf of the Board, the Committee encourages, and seeks                The current members are Kathryn Purves (Chair of the Committee),
to safeguard, high standards of risk management and effective              Virginia Holmes, Rosemary Leith, Rusty Nelligan, and Amy
internal controls.                                                         Schioldager. Biographical details can be found on pages 62 to 65.

Roles and responsibilities                                                 The Committee members have a wide range of business and financial
The Committee meets regularly and is responsible for providing             experience, including risk management, fund management and
oversight and challenge on:                                                investment, regulation and compliance, M&A, tax and international
                                                                           business practices. In particular, Kathryn Purves was the CRO of
–– The Group’s risk appetite, material risk exposures and the impact
                                                                           Partnership Assurance Group plc. These skills enable the Committee
   of these on the levels and allocation of capital
                                                                           to fulfil its terms of reference in a robust and independent manner.
–– Changes to the risk appetite framework and quantitative risk limits,
   ensuring its ongoing integrity and suitability to support the
                                                                           The Executive Directors of the Board are not members of the
   Board’s strategic objectives
                                                                           Committee but attend meetings at the invitation of the Chair of the
–– The design, structure and implementation of the Group’s risk            Committee. The Head of Risk, Head of Group Compliance, Head of
   management framework (RMF) and its suitability to identify and          Internal Audit and the Company Secretary attend all the meetings.
   manage current risks and react to forward-looking issues and the
   changing nature of risks across all principal risks                     Terms of reference
–– Risk reports on the effectiveness of the Group’s RMF and system         The Committee’s terms of reference are approved and reviewed by
   of internal controls, including notification of material potential or   the Board on a regular basis, most recently in May 2021. The terms of
   actual breaches of risk limits and internal control processes and       reference are available on the Group’s website, www.icgam.com, or
   the remedial action taken or proposed                                   by contacting the Company Secretary.
–– Risks in relation to major investments, major product
   developments and other corporate transactions                           Effectiveness
–– Regulatory compliance across the Group, which includes                  The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of the
   reviewing and approving the Group’s compliance policies and             internal Board evaluation led by the Chairman in early 2021; the
   monitoring compliance with those policies                               Committee was found to be operating effectively. For more details of
–– The remit of the Risk and Compliance functions, ensuring they           this exercise, please see page 69.
   have adequate resources and appropriate access to information
   to enable them to perform their functions effectively                   Monitoring the effectiveness of controls
                                                                           The Risk Committee is provided with a number of risk reports, which
The Committee also reviews and recommends:                                 it uses to continually review the Group’s RMF, and works closely with
                                                                           the Audit Committee to review the system of internal controls. The
–– The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)
                                                                           reports enable the Committees to develop a cumulative assessment
   Report at least annually and more frequently as necessary,
                                                                           and understanding of the effectiveness with which internal controls
   to the Board
                                                                           are being managed and risks are being mitigated by management
–– The extent of Directors’ and Officers’ insurance coverage,              across the Group.
   to the Board
–– The prosecution, defence or settlement of litigation or alternative     As part of their review the Committees consider whether the
   dispute resolution for material potential liabilities, to the Board     processes in place are sufficient to identify all material controls,
–– The effectiveness of the Group’s RMF and internal controls              defined as those critical to the management of the principal risks of
   systems, to the Board                                                   the business. Additional reporting on the effectiveness of material
–– Alignment of the remuneration policy with risk appetite, and            controls is provided to the Audit Committee on an annual basis to
   adjustments to any employee’s remuneration for events that have         support the review of the effectiveness of controls in managing the
   been detrimental to the Group or events that have exceeded the          principal risks.
   Board’s risk appetite, to the Remuneration Committee
–– All material statements to be included in the Annual Report, Interim    The Board, on recommendation from the Risk and Audit Committees,
   Report, prospectuses or circulars, concerning risk management,          and considering the work of Internal Audit overseen by the Audit
   to the Audit Committee                                                  Committee, confirms that the Group’s risk management and internal
                                                                           control systems are operating effectively, and material controls
                                                                           operated effectively throughout the year.




                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              81
Risk Committee Report continued




Summary of meetings in the year                                           –– The Head of Information Technology briefed the Committee on
The Committee held five meetings during the year. In each of its             the ongoing steps being taken within the Group to ensure that the
meetings, it received a report from the Head of Risk providing an            Group manages cyber risks appropriately, and the measures taken
assessment of each principal risk versus appetite, key risk events, key      to move to a distributed technology model which removes a
emerging risks, actions taken or being taken to manage the risks, and        physical dependency on the office, thus strengthening the
from the Head of Group Compliance on global compliance (including            Group’s overall resilience. For our ICAAP, the Committee received
the Group’s monitoring programme) and implementation of relevant             a detailed briefing on the enhancements and was satisfied that the
regulatory developments.                                                     internally generated scenarios were appropriately calibrated,
                                                                             and also stressed the particular vulnerabilities of the Group.
Over the course of the year the Committee considered and discussed           They were further satisfied that the Group would meet internal
the following significant matters:                                           and regulatory requirements for capital and liquidity in such
–– The Committee has monitored the impact of the pandemic on the             scenarios. The Committee received updates on the progress of
   Group’s business, specifically covering operational resilience,           the global transition to alternative risk-free reference rates
   employee wellbeing, liquidity and impacts to the Investment               including on preparations by the LIBOR transition programme to
   Company portfolio, and considered frequent updates from                   manage and mitigate the financial and non-financial risks
   management (both formally and informally) as events have                  associated with the transition
   unfolded. The Committee takes the operational resilience of the        –– The Committee also evaluated the Group’s approach to the
   Group’s services very seriously and has drawn valuable insight            implementation of the European Securities and Markets Authority
   from the discussions this year                                            (ESMA) guidance regarding the increasing standard and
–– Following its specific request, the Committee received an update          consistency of liquidity stress testing of our investment funds and
   from the Group’s Responsible Investing Officer regarding the              welcomes visibility of the regular liquidity stress testing reports
   Group’s ESG initiatives and was pleased to see the Group                  that are produced under this new framework
   continuing to adopt a proactive response to the challenges, risks
   and opportunities arising from climate change. This progress was       Other matters considered
   welcomed while acknowledging the need for risk management              In addition to the significant matters addressed above, the Committee
   practices generally to evolve further across the whole industry in     maintained a rolling agenda of items for its review, including the
   respect of climate change risk                                         adequacy of resourcing in the compliance and risk functions, updates
                                                                          on key policies and a review of the annual Whistleblowing report and
–– The Committee held dedicated sessions to review and update the
                                                                          the Money Laundering Officer’s report. The Committee meets
   Group’s principal risks and to review and challenge the proposed
                                                                          privately with both the Head of Risk and the Global Head of
   updates to the risk appetite framework to ensure that the risk
                                                                          Compliance on a semi-annual basis.
   appetite policy, statements, metrics and risk limits appropriately
   reflect changes to the Group’s risk profile in view of the external
   environment and ongoing transformation of the business
                                                                          Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance monitoring
                                                                          Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance work closely together to ensure
–– Delivery and embedding of the RMDP that commenced in 2019              appropriate coverage of the Group’s activities.
   has remained a key focus, with the Committee receiving regular
   updates on the roll out of the RCSA programme and changes              The Committee supported the Audit Committee in its oversight of the
   made to the RMF policy. The Committee was also briefed on the          internal audit programme (see page 78), which is risk based. It is
   changes to the Group Risk Taxonomy, in particular the separation       designed to permit changes to the programme in the light of changed
   of ESG and Climate Risk as stand-alone risks                           circumstances.
–– A number of transformation programmes are underway to deliver
   our strategy for growth and the Committee has been briefed by          In conjunction with the Audit Committee, the Committee reviews and
   management on the strengthening of project governance that is in       approves the programme of compliance monitoring to be undertaken
   place for all aspects of the transformation programme. In              during the following fiscal year and at each of its subsequent
   particular, the Committee received detailed updates regarding the      meetings reviews the status and output of compliance monitoring
   transformation activities being undertaken in the Finance and          actually undertaken relative to the planned programme.
   Operations functions to support ongoing overall efficiency and to
   reduce operational risk exposures                                      During the year the Committee ensured that appropriate monitoring
                                                                          was undertaken in accordance with the approved programme for the
                                                                          year. No significant matters of concern were identified.




82     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Nominations and Governance Committee report

Ensuring a balance of skills,
diversity and experience
    The role of the Committee is to oversee the
    membership of the Board to ensure a balance
    of skills, diversity and experience among the
    Directors, oversee senior management
    succession planning and the governance
    practices and processes of the Group.
    Areas of Committee focus
    Culture, diversity and inclusion
    –– Employee engagement
    –– Gender diversity considerations

    Succession planning
    –– Non-Executive, Executive and senior management
       succession planning
                                                        Dear shareholder
                                                        I am pleased to present the Nominations and Governance Committee
    –– Talent development
                                                        report for the financial year ending 31 March 2021.
    Director skills and experience
                                                        Good governance requires the appropriate balance of skills, diversity
    –– Director induction
                                                        of thought and experience, independence and knowledge, making
    –– Director training                                the work of the Nominations and Governance Committee a key part of
                                                        our oversight.
    Appointments
    –– Board composition                                During the year, the Committee closely monitored the evolving
    –– Additional appointments                          composition of the Board and concluded that we would benefit from
                                                        recruiting two further Non-Executive Directors (NEDs), partly to
    Committee members                                   enhance the existing skill set of the Board and partly to allow for
    –– Lord Davies of Abersoch (c)                      long-term succession planning for Board members. After an
    –– Kathryn Purves                                   extensive search, we were delighted to recommend the appointment
    –– Andrew Sykes                                     of Rosemary Leith and Matthew Lester. Rosemary is a renowned
    –– Stephen Welton                                   technology expert who will add to our ability to understand and
                                                        oversee the Group’s operational platform, while Matthew has
                                                        extensive FTSE100 experience as both a CFO and NED, giving him
                                                        insight into the increasing demands of financial reporting. We are
                                                        confident both will contribute strongly to your Board.

                                                        The Committee has continued its focus on executive succession
                                                        planning for key individuals and ensuring development and training
                                                        for our key talent. NEDs have worked closely with the Chief People
                                                        and External Affairs Officer in this area and particular emphasis has
                                                        been placed on enhancing bench strength across the organisation,
                                                        including at the level of emerging future leaders. ICG is a people
                                                        business and developing our talent is crucial in helping to deliver the
                                                        Group’s strategic objectives.




                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           83
Nominations and Governance Committee report continued




The Committee has continued to monitor the feedback from
employees gained through focus group sessions led by Amy
Schioldager, as the NED responsible for liaising with employees.
Employee views are always important to us and we are pleased to
note the effectiveness of Amy’s work.

The output from both the 2020 externally-led Board evaluation and
the internal evaluation led by me earlier in 2021 is always front of mind
for the Committee as we continue to evaluate the skills, composition
and cohesion of our Board. We are confident that your Board is well
placed to continue to oversee and provide challenge to executive
management.

I would be pleased to respond to any shareholders’ questions about
the Committee’s work either at the AGM or otherwise.

LORD DAVIES OF ABERSOCH
Chair of the Nominations and Governance Committee

8 June 2021




84      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Committee governance                                                      Effectiveness
Roles and responsibilities                                                The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of the
The Committee is responsible for:                                         internal Board evaluation led by the Chairman in early 2021; the
                                                                          Committee was found to be operating effectively. For more details of
–– Identifying, and nominating for the Board’s approval, candidates
                                                                          this exercise, please see page 69.
   to fill any Board vacancy
–– Succession planning, including the progressive refreshing
                                                                          Summary of meetings in the year
   of the Board, and developing executive talent below Executive
                                                                          The Committee held three meetings during the year as well as a joint
   Director level
                                                                          session with the Board on employee engagement. Over the course of
–– Ensuring that all appointments to the Board are made on objective      the year the Committee considered and discussed the following
   criteria and that candidates have sufficient time to devote to their   significant matters:
   prospective responsibilities
                                                                          –– Whether it may be appropriate to appoint further NEDs to the
–– Appointing a NED as the Whistleblowing Champion
                                                                             Board to supplement the existing skill set of the Board and assist
–– Appointing a NED as the Employee Engagement Champion                      with long-term succession planning. It was concluded that two
–– Appointing a NED as the ESG Champion                                      further appointees would benefit the operations of the Board, in
–– Considering the composition of the Board to ensure that the               particular if they were able to bring expertise in respect of
   balance of its membership between Executive Directors and NEDs            technology and previous experience as a FTSE CFO. After a
   is appropriate                                                            detailed search a number of high quality candidates were
–– Overseeing diversity and inclusiveness, culture, employee                 identified. A shortlist of candidates was identified for each role,
   engagement and other governance-related matters within                    having regard to the qualities required, with all shortlisted
   the Group                                                                 candidates being interviewed by members of the Committee and
–– Annually assessing the continued fitness and proprietary of the           the preferred candidates (Rosemary Leith and Matthew Lester)
   Senior Management Function (SMF) holders, including the NEDs,             holding virtual meetings with all Board members before being
   together with reviewing the Group’s responsibilities map which            appointed. The Committee was assisted by an executive search
   describes the management and governance arrangements,                     agent, Korn Ferry (who provide search agent services to the
   as required under SMCR                                                    Group on commercial terms and have no connection to the
–– Ensuring the Group is managed to high standards of                        individual Directors).
   corporate governance                                                   –– Executive succession planning by management was reviewed by
                                                                             the Committee.
Composition                                                               –– The employee engagement NED, Amy Schioldager, provided
The Nominations and Governance Committee consists of four NEDs:              insights on the culture of the Group and other feedback from the
Lord Davies of Abersoch (Chair of the Committee), Kathryn Purves,            ongoing informal engagement programme to a joint session of the
Andrew Sykes and Stephen Welton. Biographical details can be found           Committee and the Board. This was based on her engagement
on pages 62 to 65.                                                           during the year with several groups and included the views of a
                                                                             wide range of employees drawn from a number of the different
The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.                    geographies in which the Group is active. Due to the pandemic,
                                                                             she had met employees virtually in groups of 10-12 and sought
Appointments of Executive Directors and NEDs are made as                     their views on a range of issues, including the employee
necessary as a result of discussions by the Committee and are subject        experience as a result of the transition to virtual working.
to full Board approval and election or re-election at a General
Meeting of the shareholders.

Terms of reference
The Committee’s terms of reference are approved and reviewed by
the Board on a regular basis, most recently in May 2021. The terms of
reference are available on the Group’s website, www.icgam.com, or
by contacting the Company Secretary.




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         85
Other matters considered                                                         regardless of race, ethnicity or any other demographic factors.
The Committee also conducted a review of the size and composition                The Board is aware of the recommendations of the Parker Review
of the Board and its Committees, the skill set of all Directors, their           that by 2021 at least one member of the Board of a FTSE100 company
ongoing training and development and the independence of                         should be non-white; that recommendation has been met.
non-executives. No points of concern were raised.
                                                                                 The Committee monitors the diversity of the Group with a
The Board’s policy is for at least 33% of members to be female                   specific focus on senior management roles and their direct reports
in accordance with the recommendation of the Davies Report.                      (see page 37).
At the date of publication, 42% of the Board is female. The Board
does not currently have a policy on ethnic diversity but has
determined always to select the best candidate for a role,


Non-Executive Director area of expertise
                                                                      Asset                       UK Corporate                      Risk
Name                                                                Management       Investment    Governance    International   Management   Financial


Lord Davies of Abersoch

Virginia Holmes

Rusty Nelligan

Kathryn Purves

Amy Schioldager

Andrew Sykes (SID)

Stephen Welton

Rosemary Leith

Matthew Lester




86     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Remuneration Committee Report

Remuneration Committee report

    Areas of focus
    Remuneration policy
    –– Continuous assessment of the effectiveness of the
       Group’s remuneration policy
    –– Consideration of shareholder and representative
       shareholder bodies’ feedback

    Key performance indicators
    –– Setting of KPIs for the Executive Directors
    –– Monitoring performance against those KPIs

    Governance, stakeholders and shareholders
    –– Consideration of feedback from shareholders
    –– Adherence to regulatory requirements

    Executive remuneration
    –– Determination of Executive Directors’ awards             Dear shareholder
    –– Review of awards payable to all material risk takers     I am pleased to present the Committee’s Report for the
                                                                year ended 31 March 2021, which explains the
    Oversight of awards                                         remuneration decisions made by the Committee for the
    –– Review of the calculation of Pre-Incentive Cash Profit
       (PICP) to determine the Annual Award Pool (AAP)
                                                                last financial year.
    –– Review of market data on award levels                    Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                                                                Our Directors’ Remuneration Policy was approved by shareholders
    Committee members                                           last year, with 94.43% of votes in favour, and last year’s Directors’
    –– Virginia Holmes (c)                                      Remuneration Report received 96.79% of votes in favour, indicating
    –– Lord Davies of Abersoch                                  on-going and strong support from our shareholders.
    –– Rosemary Leith (joined 1 February 2021)
    –– Andrew Sykes                                             Prior to the 2020 AGM, we consulted extensively with our major
    –– Stephen Welton                                           shareholders on our Policy proposals and updated the Policy to take
                                                                account of the latest changes in the UK Corporate Governance Code
                                                                and the most recent guidelines from shareholders and voting
                                                                agencies. The main parts of our Policy were already well aligned to
                                                                the shareholder guidelines, and have supported the success and
                                                                growth of the business. Therefore, we did not make any fundamental
                                                                changes to the Policy. We are pleased to say that it continues to be
                                                                well-aligned with our business strategy and shareholder guidelines,
                                                                and no further changes are proposed for FY22. Our Policy and
                                                                practice complies with the remuneration requirements of the UK
                                                                Corporate Governance Code, including in relation to alignment of
                                                                executive director pensions with the wider workforce, in having a
                                                                post-cessation shareholding policy and in complying with the
                                                                remuneration principles set out in Provision 40 of the Code.

                                                                Remuneration Policy and approach
    Contents:                                                   We continue to maintain our long-term orientated approach to
    87 Letter from the Chairman                                 variable pay, which aligns our executives to our shareholders. We
    90 Remuneration at a glance                                 make a single variable pay award each year to Executive Directors,
    92 Annual report on remuneration                            linked to a balanced scorecard of key performance indicators (KPIs)
    100 Governance of remuneration                              and funded from the capped Group variable pay pool.
    102 Directors’ Remuneration Policy




                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          87
Remuneration Committee report continued - Statement of the Chair




Last year, we signalled that we would review the KPIs, and we               We have also continued to operate our usual variable pay
modified and consolidated these for FY21 in order to reduce                 arrangements this year, applying demanding performance criteria,
complexity and align them more closely with the corporate and               and ensuring that our employees are recognised for their on-going
shareholder goals and the Group’s Strategic Objectives of: growing          hard work and strong corporate performance.
AUM; investing selectively; and managing portfolios to maximise
value. We have also listened to and taken on board shareholder              Business performance and remuneration
feedback and have strengthened our disclosures in relation to               Business performance in the year ended 31 March 2021 has been
our KPIs, where we have disclosed our threshold, target and                 extremely strong. We raised $10.6bn in new funds, achieved an FMC
stretch targets.                                                            (Fund Management Company) operating margin of 52% and
                                                                            deployed $7.2bn in new investments. Our Pre-Incentive Cash Profit
The KPIs reflect the Group’s long-term strategic and mid-term               (PICP) was £244.8m.
tactical priorities in creating value, especially in light of the Group’s
evolution in recent years and the excellent progress made in size and       We have a long-standing policy of awarding variable pay across the
scale, diversification and positioning within the alternative investment    workforce of not more than 30% of PICP measured on a five-year
industry and the FTSE.                                                      rolling basis. The Committee has determined that £87.2m should be
                                                                            awarded to eligible employees under the AAP for the year ended
Our approach encourages and reflects sustained, long-term                   31 March 2021, compared with £70.8m in the prior year. This reflects
performance: the Annual Award Pool (AAP) is based on cash profits           both individual and corporate performance as well as an increase in
the Group has already realised from its fund management business            bonus-eligible staff of 15% year-on-year. The awards are in the form
and its investments, and it is capped at 30% annualised over a              of cash bonuses, deferred awards of ICG shares and Deal Vintage
five-year period. Furthermore, for Executive Directors, at least 70%        Bonus (DVB) awards. DVB awards are a long-term incentive enabling
of the variable pay award is deferred over five years into shares,          investment teams, excluding Executive Directors, to share in the future
with vesting in three equal tranches after the third, fourth and fifth      realised profits from the Group’s own balance sheet investments.
anniversaries of award.
                                                                            The Committee has allocated 23.6% of PICP on a five-year cumulative
Each Executive Director has a target level and a maximum cap on             rolling percentage basis, which is 6.4 percentage points below the
their total variable pay, expressed in monetary value rather than as a      maximum 30% permitted under the Policy. This Policy provides a
multiple of base salary in order to discourage upward pressure on           focus on long-term performance and only takes account of cash
base salary. The maximum total variable pay awards are payable for          profits, thus aligning with shareholders’ interests fully. It also allows
outstanding performance only. The Committee also liaises closely            us to smooth out some of the potential volatility in remuneration, and
with both the Audit and Risk Committees to ensure that risk and audit       this, as well as the use of our Business Growth Pool (BGP), provides
matters are taken into account in determining the remuneration levels       capacity to continue to develop the business through the cycles.
of the Directors.
                                                                            In addition to the AAP, the Committee allocated £6.9m to the
The Policy is set out in detail in the relevant section of this report.     shareholder-approved BGP to fund incentive awards for teams
                                                                            involved in developing new investment strategies during the year,
Response to the Covid-19 crisis                                             including Life Sciences, Real Estate and North American Private Equity
This year has been particularly challenging, but we have continued to       strategies. This pool excludes Executive Directors. This year’s BGP
provide stability and security for our workforce through adapting our       award compares with £3.9m awarded in the prior year. The increase
ways of working to keep our people as safe as possible whilst ensuring      this year reflects the further investment being made in the future of
full business continuity. We have been able to operate seamlessly and,      our business by hiring strong portfolio managers and experienced
as a result, have collectively achieved strong business performance         team members to drive the growth of new investment strategies.
and increased shareholder value. I am pleased to say that we have not
had to make any redundancies, nor have we had to furlough any of
our employees or take any other form of Government Covid-19
support. Dividends for FY20 and FY21 have continued to be paid.


Five-year AAP overview
                                                                                    FY17        FY18        FY19        FY20         FY21   Cumulative

Percentage of PICP over five years rolling                                       21.6%       21.5%       23.6%       22.2%       23.6%        23.6%
Spend on incentives (£m)                                                          65.9        77.7        78.0        70.8        87.2        379.6
Number of employees                                                                282        294          336        408          470




88      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Executive Director remuneration                                             Appointment of new NED
The total remuneration for the year for each Executive Director is          On 1 February, we welcomed Rosemary Leith as a member of the Board
shown in the table on page 92.                                              and the Remuneration and Risk Committees. She brings with her a
                                                                            wealth of knowledge and experience which will further strengthen
No increases in base salaries have been awarded to the Executive            the diversity of perspectives represented at the Committee.
Directors this year. For the third year in a row, the base salary for the
CEO has not been increased and remains at £394,000, which is                Conclusion
substantially lower than the typical CEO salary level for a company of      I would like to thank all of our shareholders for their continued and
ICG’s size and complexity as well as similar asset managers. The            on-going support over the years, which was reflected in the strong
CFOO’s base salary was set at £500,000 on joining in May 2019, and          vote in favour of both our Remuneration Policy and Directors’
the CPEAO’s base salary was set at £425,000 on her appointment to           Remuneration Report at last year’s AGM. Our Policy provides a clear,
the Board in April 2020 and neither have been increased this year.          simple and predictable remuneration model, that helps drive the
                                                                            achievement of our corporate strategy and a prudent approach
The Committee made variable pay awards of £5,700,000,                       to risk.
£1,600,000 and £1,100,000 respectively to the CEO, CFOO and
CPEAO this year. The variable pay awards reflect strong performance         VIRGINIA HOLMES
across the Executive Director KPIs (please see page 93 for more             CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
details). They also incorporate the exercise of discretion by the
Committee with a downward adjustment for the CFOO and CPEAO                 8 June 2021
to reflect their progression and development into their Director roles
over the course of the year, as well as the CPEAO’s start date in the
role (16 April 2020).

They also incorporate the exercise of discretion by the Committee
with a downward adjustment for the CFOO and CPEAO to reflect
their progression and development into their Director roles over the
course of the year, as well as the CPEAO’s start date in the role (16
April 2020). 80% of the CEO’s variable pay award and 70% of the
CFOO’s and CPEAO’s variable pay awards were deferred into ICG
PLC shares vesting in equal tranches on the third, fourth and fifth
anniversaries of award.

Directors’ interests in shares
Our Executive Directors are aligned to the Group’s long-term share
price and dividends through our Directors’ Remuneration Policy:

–– At least 70% of Executive Directors’ variable pay is deferred in the
   form of ICG PLC shares
–– These deferred shares vest over a five-year period. Vesting starts
   in the third year from the award date and takes place in three equal
   tranches over the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award
–– Executive Directors are required to build and maintain an on-going
   minimum shareholding. This is currently 3x base salary for the CEO
   and 2x base salary for other executives
–– Executive Directors are also required to retain a shareholding for
   two years after leaving the Board, to further enhance the long-
   term alignment with shareholders

Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
ICG has continued to deliver outstanding TSR performance. For the
ten years to 31 March 2021, TSR was 779.5% versus 76.3% for the
FTSE All Share Index.




                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         89
Remuneration Committee report continued
Remuneration Report

Remuneration at a glance
Executive Remuneration Framework and Policy Summary
Purpose and link to strategy            Operation                                     Maximum opportunity                              Outcomes for FY21

Base Salary                             Normally reviewed annually with any           In considering increases, the Committee          Base salaries for the Executive Directors
                                        changes generally applying from the start     assesses the range of salary increases           are unchanged. The CEO remains at
Adequate to recruit and retain          of the financial year                         applying across the Group, and local             £394,000, the CFOO at £500,000 and the
Executive Directors to deliver the                                                    market levels                                    CPEAO at £425,000
strategic objectives of the Group


Benefits                                Benefits currently receivable by Executive    Provision and level of benefits are              There have been no changes to the
                                        Directors include life assurance, private     competitive and appropriate in the               Executive Directors’ benefits provision
Adequate to recruit and retain          medical insurance and income protection       context of the local market                      this year
Executive Directors to deliver the
strategic objectives of the Group


Pension                                 All Executive Directors are entitled to a     A pension allowance of no more than the          The Executive Directors’ pension
                                        pension allowance payable each month at       level available to the majority of the           allowances are set no higher than the
Adequate to recruit and retain          the same time as their salary                 Group’s workforce in the relevant location       majority of the Group’s workforce with the
Executive Directors to deliver the                                                    is provided                                      CEO and CPEAO at 12.5% and CFOO at
strategic objectives of the Group                                                                                                      10%; there have been no changes this year




Total variable pay award                The total variable pay award consists of      Max variable pay awards to Executive             Variable pay awards for the CEO, CFOO
                                        the Cash Bonus Award and ICG PLC              Directors are £6m for the CEO/CIO, £2m           and CPEAO were £5.7m, £1.6m and £1.1m
Adequate to recruit and retain          Equity Award (see below)                      for the CFOO and £1.5m for the CPEAO             respectively. 80% of the CEO’s award and
Executive Directors to deliver the                                                                                                     70% of the awards for the other Executive
strategic objectives of the Group                                                                                                      Directors were deferred into shares,
                                                                                                                                       vesting over 5 years




ICG PLC Equity Award                    At least 70% of an Executive Director’s       See details above in relation to the overall     80% of the CEO’s variable pay award and
                                        total variable pay award shall be delivered   annual variable award                            70% of the CFOO’s and CPEAO’s variable
Rewards achievement of business         in ICG PLC Equity                                                                              pay awards were deferred into ICG
KPIs, cash profits and employing        Shares normally vest by one third in each                                                      PLC shares
sound risk and business                 of the third, fourth and fifth years
management and aligns the               following the year of grant
interests of Executive Directors
with those of shareholders


Business performance
Group Profit Before Tax1                Third Party AUM                               Ordinary Dividend                                UNPRI ESG Assessment
£507.7m                                 $56.2bn                                       56.0p                                            A+A+A
(2020: £110.8m)                         (2020: $47.2bn)                               (2020: 50.8p)                                    (2020: AAB)


Five-year AAP overview
We have a long-standing policy of awarding variable pay across the workforce of not more than 30% of PICP measured on a five-year rolling
basis. The Committee has determined that £87.2m should be awarded to eligible employees under the AAP for the year ended 31 March 2021,
compared with £70.8m in the prior year.

                                                                                                 FY17            FY18           FY19           FY20           FY21     Cumulative

Percentage of PICP over five years rolling                                                   21.6%           21.5%          23.6%           22.2%         23.6%          23.6%
Spend on incentives (£m)                                                                      65.9            77.7           78.0            70.8          87.2          379.6
Number of employees                                                                            282            294             336            408            470

1. Results presented on an APM basis.



90       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
KPI performance outcomes
                                                                                                         Link to strategic
KPI                                                                                                            objectives     Threshold           Target           Stretch             FY21 Outcome

Quantitative KPIs
Fundraising1                                                                                                           1       $4.3bn             $6.5bn           $8.6bn               $10.6bn

                                                                                                                 2     3         3%                 5%                  7%               12.1%
Realised Portfolio Returns
FMC Operating Margin                                                                                      1      2     3         43%               45%                50%                51.9%

                                                                                                                                                  0.6-1.2x                               0.63x
Net Gearing2

Qualitative KPIs (% of max)
                                                                                                          1      2     3                                                                  85%
Strategic Development
                                                                                                          1      2     3                                                                  83%
Culture and Diversity
                                                                                                          1      2     3                                                                  80%
Operating Platform & Risk Management
                                                                                                          1      2     3                                                                  92%
Overall Leadership

Strategic alignment:                1     Grow AUM        2    Invest selectively          3     Manage portfolios to maximise value

Total remuneration (actual vs target)
Benoît Durteste                                                 Vijay Bharadia                                                        Antje Hensel-Roth

£000                                £6,456                       £000                                   £2,556                         £000                                  £1,964
                                               £6,156
6,500                                   65%                      2,600                                   55%                           2,000                                  53%
                                                74%                                                                  £2,157
                                                                                                                                                                                         £1,564
                                                                                                                      65%
                                                                                                                                                                                          62%
 4,800                 £4,056                                    1,900                                                                 1,500                   £1,241
                                                                                           £1,556
                        62%                                                                    45%                                                             42%

 3,200                                                           1,300                                                                 1,000                                  22%
                                                                                                         23%
                                        28%                                                                                                                     18%
                                                                               £556            19%                                                   £464
                                                                                                                       18%                                                                18%
 1,600                                          21%              600                                                                    500         100%       40%            25%
                         27%                                                   100%            36%       22%
             £456                                                                                                      17%                                                                20%
             100%        11%            7%      5%
      0    Fixed pay    Target     Maximum     Actual                  0    Fixed pay      Target      Maximum       Actual                   0    Fixed pay   Target        Maximum     Actual
              only                                                             only                                                                   only


      Fixed pay            Cash Bonus Award                   ICG PLC Equity


Share ownership (percentage of base salary)
Benoît Durteste

  300%                                                                                                                                                                                   5,337%


Vijay Bharadia3

  200%                                        77%                                   199%


Antje Hensel-Roth3
  200%                                  17%     82%


      Required                   Vested                 Unvested (post-tax)

1. The Fundraising KPI threshold, target and stretch targets were originally set in Euros at €4bn, €6bn and €8bn respectively and have been converted at a Euro / USD exchange rate of
   1.08 to align with our approach of reporting AUM in US dollars to align with client reporting and peers.
2. The Board did not set threshold and stretch targets for net gearing but a target range of 0.6 - 1.2x, which was met.
3. Both Vijay Bharadia and Antje Hensel-Roth are within their shareholding build-up period.
                                                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                           91
Remuneration Committee Report continued

Annual report on remuneration

Single total figure of remuneration table (audited)
The following table shows a single total figure of remuneration in respect of qualifying services for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 for
each Executive Director who served during the year, together with comparative figures for the previous financial year:


                                                                                                                                                                     Long-term
                                                                             Short-term                                                                               Incentives6,7
                                                                             incentives,           Recruitment    Short-term                                        vested from     Single total
                                                       Pension       Fixed     available     Total replacement    incentives,   Total variable          Total        prior years       figure of
                               Salaries   Benefits2 allowance remuneration      as cash emoluments
                                                                                         3
                                                                                                        awards4     deferred5   remuneration     remuneration   (legacy awards) remuneration
Executive Directors              £000       £000         £000       £000          £000       £000        £000          £000             £000           £000                £000           £000

Benoît
Durteste
2021                          394.0        13.4       48.7        456.1 1,140.0          1,596.1            –     4,560.0        5,700.0           6,156.1           1,374.3        7,530.4
2020                          394.0        19.4       59.1        472.5   927.6          1,400.1            –      3,710.4       4,638.0           5,110.5             775.0        5,885.5
Vijay
Bharadia
2021                         500.0         12.2      44.4        556.6        480.0 1,036.6                –      1,120.0        1,600.0           2,156.6                    –     2,156.6
2020                         432.9         10.9       45.1       488.9        390.3   879.2            941.5        910.7         2,242.5          2,713.4                    –     2,731.4
Antje Hensel-Roth1
2021                          407.5        12.3      44.6        464.4        330.0       794.4             –       770.0         1,100.0         1,564.4                     –     1,564.4

See page 98 for details of payments to NEDs.

1.   Fixed remuneration elements for Antje Hensel-Roth reflect the remuneration received in respect of qualifying services provided in the year ended 31 March 2021. The fixed remuneration
     elements have therefore been pro-rated respectively from the date on which Antje Hensel-Roth was made an Executive Director (16 April 2020).
2.   Each Executive Director’s benefits include medical insurance, life insurance and income protection for the year ended 31 March 2021.
3.   This represents the Cash Bonus Award element of the variable remuneration.
4.   This figure represents the PLC Equity Awards that were granted to Vijay Bharadia on 1 August 2019 to replace and materially replicate awards he had forfeited on leaving his previous
     employer. These awards will vest on the same timetable as the forfeited awards over the next four years and no further replacement awards are being made.
5.   This represents the ICG PLC Equity Awards made for the year ended 31 March 2021 and deferred over five years vesting in years three, four and five following award.
6.   The long-term incentive amounts are legacy award payments received during the year in respect of Deal Vintage Bonus (formerly known as Balance Sheet Carry). These awards were
     made in prior years and are no longer available to Executive Directors.
7.   Share price movements do not have any impact on the value of long-term incentives vesting during the current year (legacy awards).




Executive Director performance                                                                    In considering the awards to be made to Vijay Bharadia and Antje
A summary of the Executive Directors’ KPIs and the current year                                   Hensel-Roth, the Committee took into account their significant
outcome is set out on the following page. KPI targets, weightings                                 contributions to the strong performance against the quantitative
and ranges are set annually, reflecting annual objectives and                                     and qualitative KPIs. The Committee further recognised that both
long-term goals.                                                                                  executives were still in their first full year as Executive Directors, and
                                                                                                  therefore, in recognition of their developing roles, the Committee
The Committee determined that overall delivery against the Group’s                                exercised its discretion to make lower awards than strictly formulaic
strategic objectives has been very strong. This was another excellent                             KPI calculations would indicate. Consequently, for Vijay Bharadia
performance year, with fundraising, fund management profits and                                   the Committee made a total variable pay award of £1,600,000.
realised portfolio returns all well ahead of the stretch targets set.                             This comprises an annual Cash Bonus Award of £480,000 and a
Performance has also been very strong against those KPIs which                                    deferred PLC Equity Award of £1,120,000. For Antje Hensel-Roth,
were set to underpin the Group’s longer-term objectives.                                          the Committee determined that an award of £1,100,000 was
                                                                                                  appropriate, comprising an annual Cash Bonus Award of £330,000
Having considered his delivery across the range of KPIs, the                                      and a deferred PLC Equity Award of £770,000.
Committee made a total variable pay award to Benoît Durteste of
£5,700,000, comprising an annual Cash Bonus Award of £1,140,000
and a deferred PLC Equity Award of £4,560,000, reflecting very
strong performance in his dual role as CEO and CIO of the Group.




92        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                                           Strategic objectives
                                                                                                                               1   Grow AUM
                                                                                                                            2 Invest selectively

                                                                                                                            3 Manage portfolios to maximise value


Awards in respect of annual performance1
                              Link to
                            strategic       CEO        CFOO      CPEAO                                                       FY21
KPI                        objectives   weighting   weighting   weighting   Threshold      Target        Stretch         Outcome     Narrative

Quantitative KPIs
                                                                                                                                     Despite Covid-19, this has been the third-highest
                                                                                                                                     fundraising year in the history of the firm, with
Fundraising2                      1      27.5%      20.0%       20.0%         $4.3bn       $6.5bn        $8.6bn        $10.6bn       particular success for first-time funds, record asset
                                                                                                                                     gathering for Senior Debt Partners (SDP) and
                                                                                                                                     best-in-class client communication.
                                                                                                                                     Funds have continued to perform exceptionally
Realised                                                                                                                             well due to continued investment discipline and
                            2     3      15.0%        5.0%      10.0%           3%           5%            7%          12.1%
                                                                                                                                     exposure to defensive sectors. Investment
portfolio returns
                                                                                                                                     Company outperformance was also significant.
                                                                                                                                     Strong fundraising, including in strategies with
                                                                                                                                     fees on committed capital; solid deployment;
FMC operating                                                                                                                        strong deal flow; Collateralised Loan Obligation
                       1    2     3     20.5%       22.5%       22.5%          43%          45%           50%          51.9%
                                                                                                                                     (CLO) income and dividends and continuous cost
margin
                                                                                                                                     control have all contributed to an excellent
                                                                                                                                     margin result.
                                                                                                                                     The net gearing position continues to demonstrate
Net gearing3                    N/A       7.5%       12.5%        7.5%                     0.6-1.2x                    0.63x         our appropriate and forward-looking management
                                                                                                                                     approach.


Qualitative KPIs (% of max)
                                                                                                                                     Excellent progress has been made in the
                                                                                                                                     positioning for continued, sustainable success:
                                                                                                                                     significant growth in existing business units;
Strategic              1    2     3     10.0%       10.0%       10.0%                                                    85%         diversification into new investment strategies
development                                                                                                                          with compelling fee structures; growth and
                                                                                                                                     diversification of the client footprint; significant
                                                                                                                                     development of the bench strength of talented and
                                                                                                                                     impactful executives.

                                                                                                                                     Culture has grown even stronger through the
                                                                                                                                     challenges of the past year. The significant
Culture,                                                                                                                             investment in talent development and employee
diversity and          1    2     3     10.0%       10.0%        15.0%                                                   83%         engagement is making a meaningful impact on the
                                                                                                                                     Group’s culture, performance and innovation.
inclusion                                                                                                                            Gender diversity continues to improve in all areas
                                                                                                                                     of the Group and the focus on Inclusion more
                                                                                                                                     broadly continues at pace.

                                                                                                                                     The operating platform and risk management
Operating                                                                                                                            continue to develop at pace, with significant
platform                                                                                                                             upgrades in all areas of talent, process and
                       1    2     3       5.0%       15.0%      10.0%                                                    80%
and risk                                                                                                                             strategy. As a result, business efficiency has
                                                                                                                                     increased even more significantly and business
management                                                                                                                           processes have been seamless and highly resilient
                                                                                                                                     throughout the challenges of Covid-19.


                                                                                                                                     All three Executive Directors have demonstrated
Overall                                                                                                                              excellent overall leadership in what has been a
                       1    2     3       5.0%        5.0%        5.0%                                                   92%         particularly challenging year and the two more
leadership                                                                                                                           recently appointed Executive Directors are settling
                                                                                                                                     in well into their roles.



1. The on-target variable pay levels are 60% of maximum for the CEO and 50% of maximum for the CFOO and CPEAO. 25% of maximum is payable for threshold performance, and 100%
   of maximum for performance at stretch level or above.
2. The Fundraising KPI threshold, target and stretch targets were originally set in Euros at €4bn, €6bn and €8bn respectively and have been converted at a Euro / USD exchange rate of
   1.08 to align with our approach of reporting AUM in US dollars to align with client reporting and peers.
3. The Board did not set threshold and stretch targets for net gearing but a target range of 0.6 - 1.2x, which was met.




                                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                         93
Remuneration Committee Report continued
Annual report on remuneration continued




Performance graph of Total Shareholder Return (ten years)
The graph below shows a comparison between the Group’s total shareholder return performance and the total shareholder return for the FTSE
All Share index. The graph compares the value at 31 March 2011 of £100 invested in Intermediate Capital Group plc with the FTSE All Share Index
over the subsequent ten years. This index has been chosen to give a comparison with the average returns that shareholders could have received
by investing in a range of other companies.

The TSR for the Company during this period has been 779.5%, compared to 76.3% for the Index.

Total shareholder return
1000




 800




 600




 400




 200




   0

       FY11         FY12            FY13           FY14            FY15              FY16           FY17            FY18           FY19              FY20              FY21


              Intermediate Capital Group              FTSE All Share


Total remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer
The table below details the total remuneration of the CEO for the past ten years. The amounts are presented on the basis of the Single Total Figure
of Remuneration Table (see page 92) and include some deferred compensation awarded in previous years but reported in the year received.

                                                                                                                                Percentage of maximum               Percentage of maximum
                                                                                                                               opportunity of short-term opportunity of long-term incentives
£000                                                                      Financial year             Total remuneration             incentives awarded                              awarded

Benoît Durteste                                                                2021                           7,530                              95%                                 N/A
                                                                               2020                           5,886                              84%                                 N/A
                                                                               2019                           9,526                              87%                                 N/A
                                                                               20181                          3,412                              77%                                 N/A
Christophe Evain                                                               20181                            183                               0%                                 N/A
                                                                               2017                           6,888                             102%                                160%
                                                                               2016                           4,295                              76%                                 98%
                                                                               2015                           5,103                              80%                                 98%
                                                                               2014                           4,797                              97%                                 20%
                                                                               2013                           1,492                              24%                                  1%
                                                                               2012                           2,973                              43%                                 97%

1. The amounts above have been pro-rated to reflect the transition of the CEO role from Christophe Evain to Benoît Durteste on 25 July 2017.

A comparison of the change of pay of the CEO and the other Directors to that of all employees of the Group is shown on page 97.




94        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Relative importance of spend on pay
The table below illustrates the relative importance of spend on pay compared with other disbursements from profit (namely distributions to
shareholders) for the financial year under review and the previous financial year. Although there has been a significant increase in headcount over
the year, the increase in employee costs is not proportionate as there has been a reduced cost of legacy awards compared to the previous year.

                                                                                          Year ended 31 March    Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                         2020                   2021         Percentage change

Ordinary dividend (£m)                                                                                144.4                 150.9                       4.5%
Permanent headcount                                                                                    408                    470                        15%
Employee costs (£m)                                                                                   168.5                 179.4                       6.5%

Directors’ interests in shares (audited)
The Directors and their connected persons held the following interests in shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                                            As at 31 March 2021

                                                                                          Unvested ICG PLC
                                           Shares held outright    Shares held outright   Equity Award/DSA          Unvested SAYE      Shareholding requirement
Directors                                  as at 31 March 2020      as at 31 March 2021            interests               options                         met?

Benoît Durteste                                   907,007                1,141,580           1,404,775                     1,468                    Yes
Vijay Bharadia                                       12,813                 20,822             101,854                     1,468         Build-up period
Antje Hensel-Roth                                      N/A                    3,819             35,663                     1,468         Build-up period
Lord Davies of Abersoch                             14,582                  30,452                 N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Virginia Holmes                                    10,000                   10,000                 N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Rusty Nelligan                                    141,000                 141,000                  N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Kathryn Purves                                      10,737                   10,737                N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Amy Schioldager                                    10,000                   10,000                 N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Andrew Sykes                                       15,000                   15,000                 N/A                       N/A                    N/A
Stephen Welton                                     55,000                   55,000                 N/A                       N/A                    N/A

Under the Directors’ Remuneration policy, the CEO is required to hold shares amounting to 300% of his annual salary and the other Executive
Directors are each required to hold shares amounting to 200% of their annual salary, at the share price prevailing on 31 March 2021 with a
build-up period for new Executive Directors. Both Vijay Bharadia and Antje Hensel-Roth are still within this build-up period. There are no set
shareholding requirements for NEDs, although all are encouraged to purchase a holding to align themselves with shareholders.

As at 29 May 2021, there were no changes in the Directors’ share interests from the figures set out in the tables above.

Total pension entitlements (audited)
No Executive Director had a prospective entitlement to a defined benefit pension by reason of qualifying services.

Executive Directors’ co-investment in third-party funds
Fund investors expect the CEO/CIO to co-invest in funds to demonstrate his alignment, and as such he has made significant personal
commitments from his own resources to the majority of the Group’s closed-end strategies. At times, other Executive Directors may also make
co-investments from their own resources to demonstrate alignment.

The CEO/CIO’s co-investments from his personal resources continue to range from £112.5k to £2.9m across 15 funds.

Carried interest on third-party funds
Certain professionals (including the Executive Directors) are expected to invest in carried interest arrangements under which a portion of the
carried interest (usually between 50% and 80%) in respect of certain managed funds is available for allocation to investment professionals.
Those investment professionals who participate in such arrangements pay full market value for the interests at the time of acquisition. Carried
interest on third-party funds is an investment required by third-party fund clients to drive alignment and is not remuneration for services
provided to the Group.

The current standard framework with third-party fund investors, which reflects industry standards in the UK and globally, meant that Executive
Director carried interest commitments in the year ended 31 March 2021 have ranged from between 10% and 15% per relevant fund.

Further details of the funds managed by the Group (including an indication of those funds which have carried interest arrangements required by
fund investors) can be found on page 186.

                                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                 95
Remuneration Report continued
Annual report on remuneration continued




Scheme interests awarded during the financial year (audited)
The following table provides the details of scheme interests awarded to the Executive Directors during the year ended
31 March 2021:

                                                                                                                                    Face value at grant            Number of shares
Director                                                                            Award                     Award date                       (£000)                     awarded

Benoît Durteste                                            ICG PLC Equity Awards                       4 June 2020                          3,717.4                     283,669
Vijay Bharadia                                             ICG PLC Equity Awards                       4 June 2020                           910.7                       69,625
Antje Hensel-Roth                                          Deferred Share Awards                       4 June 2020                           260.0                        19,877

On 4 June 2020, ICG PLC Equity awards were granted to those Executive Directors who had served in the year ended 31 March 2020 in relation
to their performance in that year. Additionally, Deferred Share Awards were granted to Antje Hensel-Roth in relation to performance in that year
prior to her appointment as an Executive Director. 80% of the variable pay awarded to Benoît Durteste and 70% of the variable pay awarded to
Vijay Bharadia in respect of that year was granted in the form of ICG PLC Equity. Awards vest in tranches of one third at the end of the third,
fourth and fifth years following the year of grant. The Deferred Share Awards granted to Antje Hensel-Roth vest in tranches of one third at the
end of the first, second and third years following the year of grant. As awards are made on the basis of PICP generated and performance
achieved, there are no further performance conditions. The share price on the date of award of ICG PLC Equity and Deferred Share Awards was
£13.08. This was the middle market quotation for the five dealing days prior to 4 June 2020.

CEO pay ratio
The table below compares the CEO’s single total remuneration figure for FY21 to the remuneration of the Group’s UK workforce as at
31 March 2021.

                                                                                   Method         25th percentile pay ratio           Median pay ratio       75th percentile pay ratio

2021                                                                         Option A                               74:1                        46:1                           24:1
2020                                                                         Option A                               58:1                        37:1                           18:1

Our ratio is lower than many FTSE companies due to a consistent remuneration approach. The median pay ratio has increased from 37:1 to 46:1
due to the Group’s strong performance being reflected in the CEO’s variable pay for the current year and higher payments of legacy DVB
awards that are reflected in the long-term incentives element of the single total figure of remuneration.

Consistent with our calculation methodology in prior years, employee pay is calculated on the basis of the CEO single figure, which is ‘Option A’
under the reporting requirements. There are three possible methodologies that companies can adopt (Options A, B or C) and we have chosen
Option A which we consider the most robust methodology. Option A requires the Group to calculate the pay and benefits of all its UK employees
for the relevant financial year in order to identify the total remuneration at the 25th percentile, at the median and at the 75th percentile. Employee
pay data is based on full-time equivalent pay for UK employees as at 31 March 2021, in line with the CEO single figure methodology. In calculating
these ratios, we have annualised any part-time employees or new joiners to a full-time equivalent (where relevant).

Remuneration for quartile employees                                 Employee at 75th percentile                           Median Employee                 Employee at 25th percentile

Salary                                                                           £153,000                                     £95,000                                  £65,000
Total pay and benefits                                                           £316,012                                     £163,019                                 £102,100




96         ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Percentage change in remuneration of Directors
The table below details how changes to the Directors’ pay compare with the change in the average pay across all employees of the Group.
Each figure is a percentage change of the values between the previous financial year and the financial year under review. The total permanent
workforce has been selected as the comparator for salaries and fees and short-term incentives. The comparison of the increase in taxable
benefits has been made for UK permanent employees only as their remuneration packages are most directly comparable to that of the
Chief Executive.

Percentage change                                                                                                                       Salaries/fees   Taxable benefits1   Short-term incentives

Benoît Durteste                                                                                                                              0.0%                1.7%                  22.9%
Vijay Bharadia2                                                                                                                              0.0%               52.3%                  23.0%
Antje Hensel-Roth3                                                                                                                            N/A                N/A                     N/A
Lord Davies of Abersoch                                                                                                                      0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Virginia Holmes                                                                                                                              0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Rosemary Leith                                                                                                                               0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Kathryn Purves                                                                                                                               0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Amy Schioldager                                                                                                                              0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Andrew Sykes                                                                                                                                 0.0%                N/A                     N/A
Stephen Welton                                                                                                                               0.0%                N/A                     N/A

All employees                                                                                                                                1.6%              27.4%                      4.1%

1. Excludes average taxable expenses for both the Directors and all employees.
2. The figures for Vijay Bharadia for FY20 are for part of the year to reflect his actual time in role as an Executive Director.
3. The figures also reflect that it is Antje Hensel-Roth’s first year as an Executive Director.

The increase in salaries and short-term incentives for employees arise from demographic changes in the employee population including a
number of senior hires over the last couple of years. This demographic change means that employees are more likely to receive more substantial
short-term incentives compared to a more junior population. The significant increase in taxable benefits for Vijay Bharadia and all employees is
largely due to an improved medical insurance offering. Short-term incentives for all employees grew by 4.1%, although the variable pay for these
individuals has increased by 12.4% when new awards of DVB are included.

Gender pay
We are required by law to publish data on the following:

–– Gender pay gap (mean and median)
–– Gender bonus gap (mean and median)
–– Proportion of men and women in each quartile of the Group’s pay structure
–– Proportion of men and women receiving bonuses

The gender pay gap is a UK comparison across the pay of all men and all women regardless of their level or role. This is different from an equal
pay gap, an individual measure comparing the pay of a man and a woman in the same or a similar role. We have equal pay for equal work
regardless of gender.

Both the pay and bonus gaps have increased during the financial year. The hourly pay gap has risen slightly after a period of steady decline over
the previous four years of gender pay gap reporting. The mean pay gap is now 30.9% and the mean bonus gap has also risen slightly compared
to last year.

Whilst there has been an increase of women in all parts of the Group, including at the most senior level, and promotions as a percentage of the
overall gender population have been equal between men and women, a small increase in the proportion of men occupying senior roles in the
organisation has led to the overall increase in our gender pay gap. Given our relatively small headcount, those small year-on-year changes in
headcount can have a significant impact.

The mean bonus gap has increased largely as a function of long-term incentives granted several years ago and being paid out now. At the time of
grant, the occupation of senior roles by women was much lower across the Group. Given the long-term nature of these incentive plans and the
methodology for gender bonus gap calculations, we expect to see this dynamic continue for some time.




                                                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                        97
Remuneration Committee Report continued
Annual report on remuneration continued




                                                                                                          2017            2018           2019             2020                2021

Mean pay gap                                                                                            39.8%           33.6%         28.9%           26.2%              30.9%
Mean bonus gap                                                                                          81.7%           67.7%         78.3%           66.6%              68.8%

The Group is nonetheless pleased with the overall progress that has been made over the last five years and continues to be committed to
addressing our gender pay gap with a number of initiatives which are now well established. It continues to increase talent diversity and foster a
culture of inclusivity through:

–– Recruitment: improving hiring diversity through extending the reach of our search and selection activities; pressing for balanced candidate
   short lists for all roles; maximising diversity on our interview panels to moderate bias; continuously developing the interviewing skills of our staff
–– Development: supporting individuals in their career progression through extensive mentoring and training; as well as holding managers
   accountable for the development and progression of their teams
–– Retention: creating a culture of inclusion driven both from the top-down and the bottom-up, through formal initiatives and informal networks;
   continuously developing our offering in terms of parental benefits, mental and physical wellbeing, and career sustainability

Benchmarking
Remuneration awards are benchmarked against the following peers in the major jurisdictions where the Group operates:

–– Listed and unlisted alternative asset managers
–– Listed and unlisted asset managers
–– Investment banks
–– Listed financial service companies
–– Other organisations as appropriate for the individual role

The Group carries out an extensive annual exercise to benchmark proposed salaries, bonuses and deferred awards for all employees globally.

Our Executive Directors are benchmarked against equivalent individuals at a range of relevant public and private companies globally. While it is
extremely challenging to obtain publicly available data on many private companies, we are able to gain insight into this area by commissioning
bespoke research by leading external compensation and recruitment consultants and other independent providers of compensation data.

Due to the unique nature of the Group’s business as a UK-listed alternative asset manager, which competes for talent against other alternative
asset managers which are not listed in the UK or indeed at all, it is imperative to obtain a wide range of benchmark data.

Hence, while we do consider other UK-listed financial services companies in our benchmarking, they can be a less relevant comparator.

Fees paid to NEDs (audited)
In the financial year under review, NEDs’ fees were as follows:

                                                                                       Board     Board and       Senior                                     Total for     Total for
                                                                                   membership   Committee Independent       Audit Remuneration     Risk   year ended    year ended
                                                                                         fees Chairman fees Director fee Committee  Committee Committee         20204          2021
Non Executive Directors                            Date appointed                       £000         £000         £000      £000        £000     £000           £000          £000

Lord Davies of Abersoch (Chairman)             1
                                                   November 2019                                   275.0                                                     96.7         275.0
Virginia Holmes                                    March 2017                           76.5        20.5                                          12.3      109.3         109.3
Rusty Nelligan                                     September 2016                       76.5        20.5                                          12.3      109.3         109.3
Rosemary Leith2                                    February 2021                        12.8                                             2.1       2.1       N/A           17.0
Kathryn Purves                                     October 2014                         76.5           20.5                12.3                             109.3         109.3
Amy Schioldager3                                   January 2018                         76.5           20.5                12.3                   12.3      121.6         121.6
Andrew Sykes                                       March 2018                           76.5                     15.5      12.3        12.3                 116.6         116.6
Stephen Welton                                     September 2017                       76.5                                           12.3                  88.8          88.8

1.   The Chairman does not receive a fee in respect of his membership of the Remuneration Committee.
2.   This fee relates to Rosemary Leith’s role as a Board Director since joining in February 2021.
3.   This fee relates to Amy Schioldager’s role as Board Director of Employee Engagement.
4.   For the year ended 31 March 2021, there were no taxable expenses paid to the NEDs.

NEDs do not have contracts of service and are not eligible to join the designated Group pension plan or receive payment for loss of office.
All NEDs have a three-month notice period, are re-elected annually and were last re-elected in July 2020, except for Rosemary Leith.


98        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Payments made to past directors (audited)
The following payments (in excess of £500), in respect of DVB awards made while they were Executive Directors, were made to former directors
in the financial year ended 31 March 2021. These are deferred awards for performance in previous years, and were retained on leaving service.

Employee                                                                                                                                                  £

Philip Keller                                                                                                                                  472,038
Christophe Evain                                                                                                                               702,501

Statement of implementation of Remuneration Policy in following financial year
The NEDs’ fees have been benchmarked against fees of NEDs in comparable companies of similar size and nature. The Chairman’s fee has been
increased from £275,000 to £325,000, which brings it closer in line with, although still below, the median for financial services companies of
similar size. The NEDs’ base fees have not been increased this year but the Committee Chair fees have been increased from £20,500 to £25,000,
to move more in line with market norms.
The salaries for the Executive Directors and fees for the NEDs for the coming year are set out below.

                                                                                                                               Annual salaries and fees £000

                                                                                                                              Year ended        Year ended
Role                                                                                                                       31 March 2021     31 March 2022

CEO                                                                                                                            394.0              394.0
CFOO                                                                                                                           500.0              500.0
CPEAO                                                                                                                          425.0              425.0
Chairman                                                                                                                       275.0              325.0
Non Executive Director base fee (other than Chairman)                                                                           76.5               76.5
Senior Independent Director                                                                                                      15.5               15.5
Remuneration Committee Chair                                                                                                    20.5               25.0
Audit Committee Chair                                                                                                           20.5               25.0
Risk Committee Chair                                                                                                            20.5               25.0
Member of the Audit Committee, Risk Committee or Remuneration Committee                                                          12.3               12.3
Board Director for Employee Engagement                                                                                          20.5               20.5

Committee composition is set out on page 62 and in the relevant Committee reports on pages 70 to 108.
For the coming year, the AAP will be calculated as described in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. All incentives for qualifying services payable
to Executive Directors and other employees of the Group will be funded out of the AAP. The Executive Directors’ annual bonus and other
incentives will be guided by their achieving specific objectives.

Statement of voting at annual general meeting
At the last AGM, votes were cast as follows:

                                                                                                               Votes for   Votes against        Abstentions

Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                                                96.79%            3.21%           243,918

Remuneration Policy                                                                                           94.43%            5.57%          242,894

Payments for loss of office (audited)
No payments were made for loss of office in the financial year under review.
This Annual Report on Remuneration is approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by




Virginia Holmes
Chair Of The Remuneration Committee

8 June 2021


                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                   99
Remuneration Committee report continued

Governance of remuneration

Committee governance                                                    Composition
The Committee is authorised by the Board to determine and agree         The Committee consists entirely of NEDs. During the year, the members
the remuneration of the Chairman of the Group, the Executive            of the Committee were Virginia Holmes (Chair of the Committee),
Directors and such other members of the executive management            Lord Davies of Abersoch, Andrew Sykes, Stephen Welton and
(including all material risk takers).                                   Rosemary Leith, who joined the Committee on 1 February 2021.

Roles and responsibilities                                              Kathryn Purves and Rusty Nelligan have also attended meetings of
The Committee is responsible for:                                       the Committee during the year at the invitation of the Committee
                                                                        Chair, in their roles as Heads of the Risk and Audit Committees, to
–– Recommending to the Board the Group Remuneration Policy and          ensure that risk and audit matters are taken into account in
   share incentive schemes to be recommended to shareholders            determining the remuneration of Directors.
   ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations and the
   Group’s risk appetite                                                Biographical details can be found on pages 62 to 65
–– Recommending the remuneration terms for any person proposed
   to join the Board as the Chairman or as an Executive Director and,   None of the Committee members has any personal financial interests
   in consultation with the Chairman, determining the contractual       (other than as a shareholder in ICG) which would lead to a conflict of
   terms of employment of the Executive Directors                       interests or conflicts arising from cross directorships or day-to-day
                                                                        involvement in running the business. The Company therefore
–– Monitoring the level and structure of remuneration for Executive
                                                                        complies with the Corporate Governance Code recommendations
   Directors and certain senior employees taking account of all
                                                                        regarding the composition of the Committee.
   relevant factors and having regard to views of shareholders and
   other stakeholders
                                                                        The Committee meets at least three times a year and more frequently
–– Determining targets or key performance indicators (consistent
                                                                        if necessary. Executive Directors attend the meetings by invitation.
   with the Group’s strategy, budget and individuals’ personal
                                                                        The Committee consults the Executive Directors regarding its
   objectives) for performance-related pay schemes applicable to
                                                                        proposals and also has access to professional advice from outside
   Executive Directors and determining the outcomes under
                                                                        the Group. The Head of Reward also attends meetings, and the
   such schemes
                                                                        Company Secretary attends as Secretary. No Director is involved in
–– Determining the remuneration of the Chairman and, having taken       any decisions as to their own remuneration.
   advice from the Chairman, the Executive Directors
–– For all share incentive plans, determining when awards will be       A table showing the number of Committee meetings held during the
   made, the aggregate quantum of such awards, the individual           year and the attendance record of individual Directors can be found
   awards to certain senior employees and having taken advice from      in the Corporate Governance section (see page 67).
   the Chairman, the individual awards to Executive Directors
–– Making proportionate adjustments to any employee’s                   Terms of reference
   remuneration for events that have been detrimental to the Group      The Committee’s terms of reference are approved and reviewed by
–– Overseeing any payments made on the termination of employment        the Board on a regular basis, most recently in May 2021. The terms of
   of an Executive Director or certain senior employees                 reference are available on the Group’s website www.icgam.com, or
–– Approving the aggregate variable pay pool and any Business           by contacting the Company Secretary.
   Growth Pool




100    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Effectiveness
The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of the
internal Board evaluation led by the Chairman in early 2021; the
Committee was found to be operating effectively. For more details of
this exercise, please see page 69.

Advisers to the Committee
During the year, external advice to the Committee transitioned from
Aon to Alvarez and Marsal, following Aon’s decision to close its listed
company Remuneration Committee advisory practice in the UK, and
so both companies advised the Committee and management on
remuneration matters during the course of the year, and may also
provide advice to the Committee on other issues on request. Legal
advisers (including Allen & Overy and Slaughter & May) have been
available to the Committee during the year to 31 March 2021, and PwC
are available for advice on certain taxation and other matters.
Advisers are selected on the basis of their expertise in the area and
with a view to ensuring independence from other advisers to the
Group. Therefore, the Committee is confident that independent and
objective advice is received from its advisers.

The fees charged for advice to the Committee were £28,923 payable
to Aon and £36,310 payable to Alvarez and Marsal. Fees are charged
on the basis of time spent. PwC also provides tax and due diligence
services to the Group.




                                                                          ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021   101
Remuneration Committee report continued

Directors’ Remuneration Policy
This section describes our remuneration policy, which was approved        The ongoing appropriateness of the 30% limit for the existing
by our shareholders at the 2020 AGM with a 94.43% vote in favour.         business is kept under review.

Annual Award Pool (AAP) and Business Growth                               Awards to the Executive Directors are paid as a mix of cash and ICG
Pool (BGP)                                                                PLC shares. A significant proportion of the variable pay is made in the
A central feature of the Group’s Remuneration policy is the AAP.          form of deferred shares, with at least 70% of the total variable pay for
All incentives awarded across the Group are governed by an                each Executive Director awarded in the form of ICG PLC shares
overall limit of 30% of Pre-Incentive Cash Profit (PICP) over a           deferred over three, four and five years.
five-year period.
                                                                          Cash Bonus Awards for the Executive Directors are subject to clawback
This percentage may be exceeded in any single year but must not           which applies for two years post award. ICG PLC Equity Awards are
be exceeded on an average basis over five years. Managing the             subject to both malus and, for two years post vesting, clawback.
AAP by reference to a five-year rolling average ensures that
variable awards to employees are made in a considered way with a          Business Growth Pool (BGP)
long-term perspective rather than as a reaction to a single year’s        The BGP is capped at 3% of the five-year rolling average PICP and is
exceptional performance.                                                  designed to support the establishment of new investment strategies,
                                                                          commensurate with the overall business strategy. The BGP is used to
The AAP is funded by PICP, so that:                                       fund the incentives of relevant teams involved in developing such new
                                                                          strategies, and is ring-fenced and limited in duration to the period
–– Interest income and capital gains are only recognised on a             when the new investment strategy is being developed. Any awards
   cash basis                                                             made from the BGP are overseen by the Committee, and Executive
–– Impairments on investment principal are included                       Directors do not participate in any such awards.
–– Fair value movement of derivatives is excluded
                                                                          Awards falling within the AAP
The holding period for investments is typically four to eight years and   All cash and share awards are distributed from the AAP. There are two
a significant portion of the Group’s fund management fees arise from      different award types to be made over ICG shares: Deferred Share
committed closed-end funds and are payable over the life of the fund      Awards (received by our wider employee base) and ICG PLC Equity
which can be up to 12 years. This means that the AAP is long-term in      Awards. Deferred Share Awards are not made to Executive Directors.
nature as it includes realisations from a number of investment
vintages. By generating the award pool in this way, we ensure that        Certain performance fees (funded by third-party investors) and
employees are only rewarded once returns have crystallised.               other fund performance incentives funded by ICG are also included in
                                                                          the overall limits set for the AAP.
Allocation of the award pool
The AAP is based on cash profits the Group has already realised from      Carried interest on third-party funds and similar arrangements in
its fund management business and its investments, and it is capped at     respect of ICG direct investment funds or business acquisitions that
30% annualised over a five-year period. The Committee exercises           do not give rise to a cost or liability to the Group are not
discretion over the actual amount to be awarded in variable               remuneration and are outside the AAP.
compensation each year, based on an assessment of market levels of
pay, Group KPIs, and individual performance (subject to the overall
cap on the AAP).

In a strong year that has generated high PICP, the Committee may
choose not to distribute the full AAP but can instead retain some of it
for potential use in future years. In years where PICP is low, the
Committee may distribute some of the retained AAP from previous
years, if appropriate. The Committee applies a prudent approach to
setting the actual size of variable pay pool, within the overall limits
described above.




102    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Remuneration policy table
The table below outlines each element of the remuneration policy for the Directors of the Company.

Purpose and link to strategy         Operation                           Maximum opportunity               Performance conditions

1. Base salary                       –– Paid monthly                     –– In considering increases, the   –– None
                                     –– Normally reviewed annually          Committee considers the range
–– Adequate to recruit and retain                                           of salary increases applying
                                        with any changes generally
   Executive Directors to deliver                                           across the Group, and local
                                        applying from the start of the
   the strategic objectives of                                              market levels
                                        financial year
   the Group
                                                                         –– Any increase in salary for an
–– Designed to be sufficient to                                             Executive Director will not
   ensure that Executive                                                    normally exceed the average
   Directors do not become                                                  salary increase across the
   dependent on their variable                                              Group unless there are
   remuneration                                                             exceptional reasons such as,
–– Reflects local competitive                                               but not limited to, a change in
   market levels                                                            the role or responsibilities of
                                                                            the Executive Director

2. Benefits                          –– Benefits currently receivable    –– Provision and level of benefits –– None
                                        by Executive Directors              are competitive and
–– Adequate to recruit and retain       include life assurance,             appropriate in the context of
   Executive Directors to deliver       private medical insurance           the local market
   the strategic objectives of          and income protection            –– The maximum opportunity will
   the Group
                                     –– Additional benefits (such as        depend on the type of benefit
–– Reflects local competitive           relocation assistance) may be       and cost of its provision, which
   market levels                        offered in line with market         will vary according to the market
                                        practice if considered              and individual circumstances
                                        appropriate by the Committee

3. Pension                           –– All Executive Directors are     –– A pension allowance of no more –– None
                                        entitled to a pension allowance    than the level available to the
–– Adequate to recruit and retain       payable each month at the          majority of the Group’s
   Executive Directors to deliver       same time as their salary          workforce in the relevant
   the strategic objectives of the                                         location is provided. The
   Group Purpose and link to                                               current level for the UK
   strategy                                                                workforce is up to 12.5% of
                                                                           base salary




                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021   103
Remuneration Committee report continued
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued




Purpose and link to strategy      Operation                          Maximum opportunity                 Performance conditions

4. Total variable pay award –– The total variable pay                –– An Executive Director’s annual    –– An Executive Director’s annual
                                    award consists of the               variable award is drawn from the     variable award is drawn from
–– The Total Variable Pay Award     Cash Bonus Award and                AAP which is determined as           the AAP, and so is directly
   is split between Cash Bonus      ICG PLC Equity Award                described on page 102                determined by reference to the
   Award and ICG PLC Equity                                                                                  Group’s cash profit for the
                                                                     –– Total variable pay awards to
   Award (see below)                                                                                         relevant financial year
                                                                        Executive Directors are subject
                                                                        to a cap, payable for outstanding –– Executive Director’s annual
                                                                        performance only. This is £6m        variable award entitlement is
                                                                        for the CEO/ CIO, £2m for the        also determined by reference
                                                                        CFOO and £1.5m for the CPEAO         to performance against
                                                                     –– Target variable awards to            personal and corporate
                                                                        Executive Directors are £3.6m        performance objectives, which
                                                                        for the CEO/CIO, £1m for the         are derived from the Group’s
                                                                        CFOO and £750k for the CPEAO         key performance indicators
                                                                     –– Awards are made based on
                                                                        performance as described on
                                                                        page 93

4a. Cash Bonus Award              –– Awards are made after the end –– See details above in relation to  –– See details above in relation
                                     of the financial year            the overall annual variable award    to the overall annual
–– Rewards achievement of                                                                                  variable award
                                  –– The maximum amount of an
   business KPIs, cash profits
                                     Executive Director’s Total
   and employing sound risk and
                                     Variable Pay Award that can
   business management
                                     be paid as a Cash Bonus Award
                                     is 30%
                                  –– Cash Bonus Awards are
                                     subject to clawback which
                                     applies for three years post
                                     award. Forfeiture of
                                     compensation may be
                                     triggered by, amongst other
                                     things, a misstatement of the
                                     accounts, fraud, regulatory
                                     breaches and serious breaches
                                     of contract




104    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Purpose and link to strategy         Operation                               Maximum opportunity                      Performance conditions

4b. ICG PLC Equity Award             –– Awards are made over shares in      –– See details above in relation to the   –– See details above in
                                        the Company after the end of the       overall annual variable award             relation to the overall
–– Rewards achievement of               financial year                                                                   annual variable award
   business KPIs, cash profits and
                                     –– At least 70% of an Executive
   employing sound risk and
                                        Director’s Total Variable Pay
   business management
                                        Award shall be delivered in
–– Aligns the interests of              ICG PLC Equity
   Executive Directors with
                                     –– Shares normally vest by one third
   those of shareholders
                                        in each of the third, fourth and
                                        fifth years following the year of
                                        grant unless the Executive leaves
                                        for cause or to join a competitor,
                                        in which case the awards lapse.
                                        The Committee has discretion to
                                        vary the date of vesting if
                                        necessary or desirable for
                                        regulatory or legislative reasons
                                     –– In the event of a change in
                                        control (other than an internal
                                        reorganisation) shares vest in full
                                     –– Dividend equivalents accrue to
                                        participants during the vesting
                                        period and are paid at the
                                        vesting date
                                     –– PLC Equity Awards made are
                                        subject to both malus, until
                                        vesting, and clawback which will
                                        apply for up to seven years post
                                        grant. Forfeiture of compensation
                                        may be triggered by, amongst
                                        other things, a misstatement of
                                        the accounts, fraud, regulatory
                                        breaches and serious breaches
                                        of contract

5. Shareholding requirement –– Executive Directors are required              –– N/A                                   –– N/A
                                       to build ownership of a number of
–– To align the interests of the       ordinary shares in the Group,
   Group’s Executive Directors with    normally over five years from
   those of shareholders.              appointment, with a market value
–– To further enhance long-term        equal to a multiple of the
   alignment with shareholders,        Director’s annual base salary. This
   a post-cessation shareholding       multiple is three times for the CEO
   requirement has been introduced     and two times for the other
                                       Executive Directors
                                    –– Executive Directors are normally
                                       required to maintain this level
                                       (or the level so far accrued at
                                       cessation, if lower) of holding
                                       for two years after they cease
                                       to be employed




                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          105
Remuneration Committee report continued
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued




Purpose and link to strategy         Operation                            Maximum opportunity                    Performance conditions

6. The Intermediate Capital          –– All UK employees are offered the –– Employees may save the maximum       –– The Plan is not subject
   Group PLC SAYE Plan                  opportunity to save a regular       permitted by legislation each           to any performance
   2014                                 amount each month over 36           month                                   conditions, as this is
                                        months and may receive an uplift                                            not permitted by the
–– Provides an opportunity for all      at the end of the saving contract                                           relevant legislation
   employees to participate in the      (subject to HMRC legislation)
   success of the Group
                                     –– At maturity, employees can
                                        exercise their option to acquire
                                        and purchase shares in ICG PLC at
                                        the discounted price set at the
                                        award date or receive the
                                        accumulated cash

7. Fees paid to Non                 –– Fees are payable to Non Executive –– Non Executive Directors cannot       –– None of the Non
   Executive Directors                 Directors for their services in      participate in any of the Group’s       Executive Directors’
                                       positions upon the Board and         variable pay plans or share             remuneration is
–– To facilitate the recruitment of    various Committees                   schemes and are not eligible to join    subject to
   Non Executive Directors who will                                         the designated Group pension plan       performance
                                    –– Fees for the Board Chairman
   oversee the development of                                                                                       conditions
                                       are determined and reviewed       –– Fees are set and reviewed in line
   strategy and monitor the
                                       annually by the Committee            with market rates. Aggregate
   Executive Directors’ stewardship
                                       and fees for Non Executive           annual fees do not exceed the
   of the business
                                       Directors are determined             limit set out in the Articles
                                       by the Board Chairman and the        of Association
                                       Executive Directors               –– Any benefits receivable by Non
                                    –– The Committee refers to objective    Executive Directors will be in line
                                       research on up-to-date, relevant     with market practice
                                       benchmark information for
                                       similar companies
                                    –– Non Executive Directors are
                                       reimbursed for expenses, such as
                                       travel and subsistence costs,
                                       incurred in connection with their
                                       duties. Any tax costs associated
                                       with these benefits are paid by
                                       the Group




106    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Performance measures and targets
The AAP is determined based on the Group’s financial performance. The Group’s PICP provides a link between income generation for
shareholders and employee compensation (see page 102).

Once the AAP has been calculated, it is then allocated based on business performance and an individual’s performance as determined by the
annual appraisal process.

Executive Directors have performance objectives set and KPIs are set by the Committee. Details of these KPIs are set out on page 93.
Further management information is provided to the Committee on performance to ensure that financial results are put into the context of
wider performance factors, compliance and risk appetite.

Co-investment and carried interest in third-party funds
Executive Directors and investment professionals in the Group may be required to invest in third-party funds through co-investment and carried
interest. Where this applies, the executive pays full market value for these interests at the time of acquisition, and takes the investment risk.
These are personal investments that are expected by third-party fund clients, to drive financial alignment with third-party fund performance,
rather than remuneration provided by ICG for services to the Group.

Committee discretion
The Committee, consistent with market practice, retains discretion over a number of areas relating to the operation of the Policy. These include,
but are not limited to, the following:

–– the timing of awards or payments
–– the size of awards (within the limits set out in the Policy table)
–– the choice of weighting and assessment of performance metrics
–– in exceptional circumstances, determining that a share-based award shall be settled (in full or in part) in cash
–– the treatment of awards in the event of a change of control or restructuring
–– determination of good leaver status, and treatment of awards for such leavers
–– whether, and to what extent, malus and/or clawback should apply
–– adjustments required in exceptional circumstances such as rights issues, corporate restructuring, or special dividends
–– adjustments to performance criteria where there are exceptional events

Service contracts and policy on payments for loss of office
Executive Directors
The Group’s policy is for Executive Directors to have ongoing contracts which are deemed appropriate for the nature of the Group’s business.
Service contracts are held, and are available for inspection, at the Group’s registered office. The details of the service contracts for Executive
Directors serving during the year and the treatment of deferred share awards to Executive Directors are shown below.

                                                                   Re-election                           Non-compete
Executive Director     Date of service contract Last re-elected    frequency         Notice period       provisions              Compensation on termination by the Company without notice or cause


Benoît Durteste 21 May 2012                     July 2020          Annual            12 months Restraint period                  The salary for any unexpired period of notice plus the
                                                                                               of 12 months                      cost to the Group (excluding National Insurance
                                                                                                                                 contributions) of providing insurance benefits for
Vijay Bharadia         20 May 2019              July 2020          Annual            12 months Restraint period                  the same period. The Group may also make
                                                                                               of 9 months                       payments, where necessary, to mitigate any potential
Antje Hensel-          16 April 2020            July 2020          Annual            12 months Restraint period                  claims, and to compensate for legal fees or
Roth                                                                                           of 9 months                       outplacement costs incurred


                                                                                 Death, disability, long-term ill
Deferred share award                                      Status                 health                             Redundancy              Cause or competing              Any other reason


PLC Equity Award                                          Unvested               Retain with early                  Retain                  Forfeit, subject to             Retain, subject to
                                                                                 vesting                                                    discretion                      discretion

Deferred Share Award                                      Unvested               Retain with early                  Retain, subject to Forfeit, subject to                  Retain, subject to
                                                                                 vesting                            discretion         discretion                           discretion




                                                                                                                                          ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                         107
Remuneration Committee report continued
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued




Exercise of discretion                                                      Statement of consideration of shareholder views
The discretion available to the Committee under the variable pay            The Committee is responsible for the overall remuneration policy for
plans is intended to provide the Committee with flexibility to deal         all the Group’s employees and ensures that the remuneration
fairly with every eventuality. In exercising its discretion, the            arrangements should take into account the long-term interests of
Committee will take into account the circumstances in which the             shareholders, clients and other stakeholders.
individual has left the Group, their performance and the impact that
this has had on the Group’s overall performance. The Committee              The Group recognises the importance of communication with its
reserves discretion to make a variable pay award to an Executive            shareholders, particularly through interim and annual reports and
Director in respect of the final year of service, taking into account the   the AGM.
circumstances of the individual’s termination of office, the portion of
the year served, and performance for the financial year concerned.          The CEO, CFOO and the Chairmen of the Board and each of its
                                                                            Committees will be available to answer shareholders’ questions at the
Approach to recruitment remuneration                                        AGM. The CEO and the CFOO meet institutional shareholders on a
The Group operates in a highly specialised and competitive market,          regular basis, and the Chairman periodically contacts the Group’s
and hence competition for talent is intense. The Committee’s                major shareholders and offers to meet with them. The Board is kept
approach to recruitment remuneration is to pay what is appropriate          fully informed of the views and concerns of the major shareholders
to attract candidates to a role.                                            and relevant NEDs attend meetings with major shareholders and
                                                                            shareholder advisory groups when requested to do so.
New Executive Directors are offered a remuneration package similar
to that of existing employees in the same role. All Executive Directors     Statement of consideration of employment conditions
are offered an appropriate annual salary, benefits and pension              elsewhere in the Group and employee views
allowance and all participate in the Annual Award Pool and are              The Committee considers the employment conditions and the
subject to an overall cap on variable reward.                               remuneration structures in place for all employees of the Group when
                                                                            setting the Directors’ Remuneration Policy.
However, it may be necessary to offer a new Executive Director a
remuneration package that differs from that currently provided to the       The Committee also reviews the remuneration arrangements of
Executive Directors in order to attract the best recruit. This could        senior investment and marketing employees and senior management
include a higher base salary and relocation and/or housing benefits         and control function employees and oversees the remuneration
and higher total variable pay, but not more than the CEO/CIO level set      structure and market positioning for other roles. The overall and
out in the policy table, unless there are exceptional circumstances.        average salary increase across the Group is approved by the
                                                                            Committee each year. The Board has established a process which is
Replacement of forfeited compensation such as deferred bonuses              being used to seek the opinions of employees when setting the
and long-term incentives is permitted.                                      Directors’ Remuneration Policy by seeking feedback through a
                                                                            designated NED (see pages 26, 61 and 85 for further details).
This is subject to, as far as possible, the timing, delivery mechanism      In addition employees’ views are represented at Committee
(i.e. shares or cash) and amounts paid out being set to reflect any         meetings through the Chief People and External Affairs Officer,
former arrangement.                                                         who is also an Executive Director, and the Head of Reward.

As far as possible, the value of any replacement awards will reflect the
expected value of the forfeited awards.

In the event of an internal promotion to the Board, the Committee
reserves the right to allow any pre-existing awards or arrangements
to be retained until their normal maturity date, notwithstanding that
these may not be consistent with the approved policy.




108     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Directors’ report

Directors’ report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 March
2021. The risks to which the Group is subject, and the policies in respect of such risks, are set out on pages 49 to 56
and are incorporated into this report by reference. The Corporate Governance section set out on pages 58 to 116 is
incorporated into this report by reference. The Strategic Report section set out on pages 1 to 57 is also incorporated
by reference.
Throughout the financial year ended 31 March 2021 the Group was in compliance with the provisions of the 2018 UK
Corporate Governance Code issued by the Financial Reporting Council. A copy of the Code is available on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website: www.frc.org.uk. The Governance section of this report (pages 58 to 116)
sets out how we have applied the Code’s principles and provisions throughout the year.




Significant shareholdings                                                     The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive
As at 1 June 2021 the Company had been notified or otherwise                  In accordance with the Code, the Board has adopted a formal division
become aware of the following interests pursuant to the Disclosure            of responsibilities between the Chairman and the CEO, so as to
Rules and the Transparency Rules representing 3% or more of the               establish a clear division of responsibilities between the running of
issued share capital of the Company.                                          the Board and the executive responsibility for the running of the
                                                                              Company’s business.
                                                Number of    Percentage of
Institution                                        shares     voting rights
                                                                              The current Chairman, Lord Davies of Abersoch, was considered
Wellington Management Company               29,196,723          10.05%        independent at the date of his appointment as Chairman.
BlackRock Inc                               17,684,657           6.09%
Aviva Investors                             17,554,328           6.04%        The Board has delegated the following responsibilities to the
Standard Life Aberdeen                      16,083,123           5.54%        Executive Directors:
The Vanguard Group Inc                      11,042,382           3.80%
                                                                              –– The development and recommendation of strategic plans for
Franklin Resources Inc                         9,217,111          3.17%
                                                                                 consideration by the Board
Schroders Plc                                9,165,768            3.15%
                                                                              –– Delivery of objectives and priorities determined by the Board
                                                                              –– Implementation of the strategies and policies of the Group as
Directors                                                                        determined by the Board
The profiles of the Directors currently serving are shown on pages
                                                                              –– Monitoring of operating and financial results against plans
62 to 65; those details are incorporated into this report by reference.
                                                                                 and budgets
All of the Directors served throughout the year, save that (a) Antje
Hensel-Roth was appointed as an Executive Director and Member of              –– Monitoring the quality of the investment process
the Board of ICG PLC on 16 April 2020, (b) Rosemary Leith was                 –– Developing and maintaining risk management systems
appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 February 2021 and (c)
Matthew Lester joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director after             Disclosure documents
the end of the year on 1 April 2021.                                          The terms of reference of each of the Board Committees, together
                                                                              with the Directors’ service agreements, the terms and conditions of
The composition of each of the Committees of the Board and the                appointment of NEDs and Directors’ deeds of indemnity, are
Chair of each Committee are detailed in the report of each                    available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during
Committee, found on pages 70 to 108.                                          normal business hours.

Directors’ interests                                                          Committee proceedings
The interests of Directors who held office at 31 March 2021 and their         Each Committee has access to such external advice as it may consider
connected persons, as defined by the Companies Act 2006, are                  appropriate. The terms of reference of each Committee are
disclosed in the report of the Remuneration Committee on page 95.             considered regularly by the respective Committee and referred to the
                                                                              Board for approval.
During the financial year ended 31 March 2021, the Directors had no
options over or other interests in the shares of any subsidiary company.      Delegation to Executive Directors
                                                                              The Company has three Executive Directors, each of whom has a
                                                                              specific area of responsibility.




                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          109
Directors’ report continued




Benoît Durteste is CEO and, in addition to his strategic and              Directors’ indemnity
operational remit, oversees the Group’s Investment Committees in his      The Group has entered into standard contractual indemnities with
role as the Chief Investment Officer.                                     each of the Directors. The Group also provides Directors’ and
                                                                          Officers’ insurance for the Directors.
Vijay Bharadia is Chief Finance and Operating Officer and is
responsible for compliance, finance, treasury, tax, investor relations,   Conflicts of interest
legal, operations and IT, and risk.                                       Directors have a statutory duty to avoid conflicts of interest with the
                                                                          Group. The Company’s Articles of Association allow the Directors to
Antje Hensel-Roth was appointed in April 2020 as Chief People and         authorise conflicts of interest and the Board has adopted a policy and
External Affairs Officer and is currently responsible for human           effective procedures for managing and, where appropriate,
resources, communications and external affairs.                           approving potential conflicts of interest. No material conflicts of
                                                                          interest exist.
A Management Committee is in place to support, assist and challenge
the Executive Directors in the exercise of their authority. This          Internal control
Committee is made up of other individuals from the senior                 The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s internal control
management team of the Group and focuses on ongoing business              system and monitoring of risk management, the effectiveness of which
operations and business development opportunities.                        is reviewed at least annually. Internal controls include giving reasonable,
                                                                          but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded, transactions
Board process                                                             are authorised and recorded properly, and that material errors and
Each Board member receives a comprehensive Board pack at least            irregularities are prevented or detected within a timely period.
five days prior to each meeting which incorporates a formal agenda
together with supporting papers for items to be discussed at the          Through the regular meetings of the Board and the schedule of
meeting. Further information is obtained by the Board from the            matters reserved to the Board or its duly authorised Committees,
Executive Directors and other relevant members of senior                  the Board aims to maintain full and effective control over appropriate
management, as the Board, particularly its NEDs, consider                 strategic, financial, operational and compliance issues. For further
appropriate.                                                              details of the Group’s Committees, please see pages 70 to 108 and
                                                                          for further details of the Board, pages 58 to 69.
A similar process is followed for each Committee.
                                                                          The Board has put in place an organisational structure with clearly
Advice for Directors                                                      defined lines of responsibility and delegation of authority.
All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company
Secretary and the Secretaries to each of the Committees on which          The Board annually considers and approves a strategic plan and
they serve and may take independent professional advice at the            budget. In addition, there are established procedures and processes
Group’s expense in the furtherance of their duties. The appointment       in place for the making and monitoring of investments and the
or removal of the Company Secretary would be a matter for the Board.      planning and controlling of expenditure.

Meetings with the Chairman                                                The Board also receives regular reports from Executive Directors and
Time has been added at the end of each Board meeting for the              other members of senior management on the Group’s operational
NEDs to hold meetings in the absence of Executive Directors.              and financial performance, measured against the annual budget,
As appropriate, the NEDs will also hold sessions in the absence           as well as regulatory and compliance matters. For further details of
of the Chairman.                                                          the Group’s Executive Directors, please see page 109.

In accordance with the Code, any shareholder concerns not resolved        The Group has in place arrangements whereby individuals may raise
through the usual mechanisms for investor communication can be            matters of concern in confidence about possible improprieties in
conveyed to the Senior Independent Director (SID). The SID acts as a      matters of financial reporting or other matters.
sounding board for the Chairman and also leads the annual appraisal
of the Chairman.                                                          The rationale for the system of internal control is to maximise
                                                                          effectiveness for the commercial management of the business and to
                                                                          provide the Board with regular and effective reporting on the
                                                                          identified significant risk factors. The Board is responsible for
                                                                          determining strategies and policies for risk control, and management
                                                                          is responsible for implementing such strategies and policies.




110    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The Board confirms that an ongoing process for identifying,                Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
evaluating and managing the Group’s significant risks has operated         performance and the actual results of the Group’s operations,
throughout the year and up to the date of the approval of the              financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the countries
Directors’ report and financial statements. For further details of the     and the industries in which the Group operates may differ materially
risks relating to the Group, please see pages 49 to 56 and the report      from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking
of the Risk Committee on page 79.                                          statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if the
                                                                           results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the
Going concern statement                                                    development of the countries and the industries in which the Group
The Group’s business activities, together with the factors likely to       operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements
affect its future development, performance and position, are set out       contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may
in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 57. The financial position of the    not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.
Group, its cashflows, liquidity position, and borrowing facilities are     Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Directors, the
described in the Finance and Operating Review on pages 38 to 48.           Company and the Group. Should one or more of these risks or
In addition, the Directors have taken account of the Group’s risk          uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions on which
management process described on pages 49 to 56. The Directors              the forward-looking statements are based prove incorrect, actual
have made an assessment of going concern, taking into account              results may vary materially from those described in this Annual
both the Group’s current performance and the Group’s outlook,              Report. Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, the
using the information available up to the date of issue of these           Directors, the Company and the Group do not intend, and do not
financial statements.                                                      assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements set
                                                                           out in this Annual Report.
The Group has good visibility on future management fees due to the
long-term nature of our funds, underpinned by a strong and well            Change of control agreements
capitalised balance sheet. At 31 March 2021, liquidity which consists      There are no significant agreements to which the Group is a party
of unencumbered cash and undrawn debt facilities was £846.9m (31           that take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control of the
March 2020: £1,216.5m). This financial position and liquidity profile      Group, other than:
provide confidence that the Group has sufficient financial resources
for the foreseeable future. As a consequence, the Directors believe        1. The Private Placement arrangements of $64m dated 8 May 2013,
that the Company and the Group are well positioned to manage its              $122m and €44m dated 11 May 2015, $292m and €74m dated 29
and their businesses and liabilities as they fall due.                        September 2016, and $350m and €44m dated 26 March and 24
                                                                              April 2019, where a change of control of the Company gives rise
The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities in relation to         to a prepayment offer, whereby the Company must make an offer
the financial statements for the year to 31 March 2021. After making          to all holders of the Private Placement notes to prepay the entire
the assessment of going concern, the Directors have concluded that            unpaid principal amount of the Private Placement notes, together
the preparation of the financial statements on a going concern basis          with accrued interest thereon.
to 30 September 2022, a period of more than 12 months from the             2. The £550m committed syndicated Revolving Credit Facility
signing of the financial statements, continues to be appropriate.             agreement entered into on 22 January 2021 contains a change of
                                                                              control provision which provides, upon the occurrence of a
Forward-looking statements                                                    change of control of the Company, for a 30 day negotiation period
This Annual Report includes statements that are, or may be deemed             with the syndicate lenders to agree terms and conditions which
to be, ‘forward-looking statements’. These forward-looking                    are acceptable to syndicate lenders and the Company for
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking                    continuing the facilities. If, at the end of the negotiation period, no
expressions, including the terms ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’,      such agreement is reached, the facilities agreement gives each
‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’ or ‘should’ or, in each case, their       lender the right, but not the obligation, upon applicable notice, to
negative or other variations or similar expressions, or by discussions        cancel their commitments under the facilities agreement and
of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions.           declare their participation in the loans then outstanding repayable
                                                                              immediately, together with accrued interest and all other amounts
These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not             payable thereon.
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this        3. The terms and conditions of the £160m bond issue which took
Annual Report and include, but are not limited to, the following:             place in March 2015 and the €500m institutional bond issue which
statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations          took place in February 2020 each of which set out that, following a
of the Directors, the Company and the Group concerning, amongst               change of control event, investors have the right but not the
other things, the Group’s results of operations, financial condition,         obligation to sell their notes to the Company if the change of
liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industries in which          control results in either a credit ratings downgrade from
the Group operates.                                                           investment grade to sub-investment grade or withdrawal, or a
                                                                              downgrade of one or more notches (or withdrawal of the rating) if
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and                  already sub-investment grade.
uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances.



                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            111
Directors’ report continued




4. The employee share schemes, details of which can be found in the      Distributable reserves
   report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 87 to 108,              The distributable reserves of the Parent Company at 31 March 2021
   awards and options under the 2001 Approved and Unapproved             were £674.7m (£716.9m at 31 March 2020).
   Executive Share Option Schemes and SAYE Plan 2004 become
   exercisable for a limited period following a change of control.       Disclosures required under UK Listing Rule 9.8.4
   Awards and options under the Omnibus Plan and the BSC Plan            Dividend waivers have been issued in respect of shares which are
   vest immediately on a change of control.                              held by the Group’s Employee Benefit Trust (EBT), or held as
5. Carried interest arrangements in respect of a number of funds         treasury shares; other than this, there are no disclosures required to
   vest fully in favour of the Company and certain of the Group’s        be made under UK Listing Rule 9.8.4.
   employees following a change of control event.
                                                                         Non UK branches
There are no agreements between the Group and its Directors or           A subsidiary of the Company, Intermediate Capital Managers Limited,
employees providing for compensation for loss of office or               operates a branch in France.
employment that occurs because of a takeover bid apart from those
described above and the usual payment in lieu of notice.                 Auditor
                                                                         EY were the auditor for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.
Information included in the Strategic report                             A resolution for the appointment of EY as the auditor was passed at
In accordance with section 414 C (11) of the Companies Act 2006,         the AGM held on 21 July 2020. Details of auditor’s remuneration for
the following information otherwise required to be set out in the        audit and non-audit work are disclosed in note 12 to the accounts.
Directors’ report has been included in the Strategic report: risk
management objectives and policies (pages 49 to 56); engagement          + Further details are set out in the Audit Committee report on pages 70
with employees (page 36) and engagement with suppliers and other         to 78
stakeholders (pages 24 to 29).
                                                                         Complex supplier arrangements
Dividend                                                                 The Group does not use supplier financing arrangements.
The Directors recommend a final net ordinary dividend payment in
respect of the ordinary shares of the Company at a rate of 39.0 pence    Research and development activities
per share (2020: 35.8 pence per share), which when added to the          Details of the research and development activities undertaken are set
interim net dividend of 17.0 pence per share (2020: 15.0 pence per       out in note 17.
share) gives a total net dividend for the year of 56.0 pence per share
(2020: 50.8 pence per share). The recommendation is subject to the       Disclosure of information to the auditor
approval of shareholders at the Company’s AGM on 29 July 2021.           Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of this
                                                                         report confirms that:
The amount of ordinary dividend paid in the year was £150.9m
(2020: £142.8m).                                                         –– So far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit
                                                                            information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware
                                                                         –– The Director has taken all reasonable steps that they ought to
                                                                            have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of any
                                                                            relevant audit information and to ensure that the Company’s
                                                                            auditor is aware of that information




112    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance       The Group treats applicants and employees with disabilities fairly
with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.            and provides facilities, equipment and training to assist disabled
                                                                         employees to do their jobs. Arrangements are made as necessary
Post balance sheet events                                                to ensure support to job applicants who happen to be disabled and
Material events since the balance sheet date are described in note 33    who respond to requests to inform the Group of any requirements.
and form part of the Directors’ report disclosures.                      Should an employee become disabled during their employment,
                                                                         efforts would be made to retain them in their current employment or
Political contributions                                                  to explore the opportunities for their retraining or redeployment
No contributions were made during the current and prior year for         within the Group.
political purposes.
                                                                         Financial support is also provided by the Group to support
Greenhouse gas emissions                                                 disabled employees who are unable to work, as appropriate to
All disclosures required by the Streamlined Energy and Carbon            local market conditions.
Reporting (SECR) requirements set out in the Companies Act 2006
(Strategic Report and Directors’ Report) Regulations 2013 and the        Acquisition of shares by EBT
Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships         Acquisitions of shares by the Intermediate Capital Group EBT 2015
(Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018 have been complied           purchased during the year are as described in note 24 to the financial
with and are detailed on page 33 which forms part of the Directors’      statements.
report disclosures.
                                                                         Share capital and rights attaching to the Company’s shares
Approach to discrimination and consideration of disabled                 As at 31 March 2021 the issued share capital of the Company was
employees                                                                294,276,532 ordinary shares of 26¼p each (including 3,733,333
The Group is committed to creating an environment where all its          shares held in treasury).
employees are treated with dignity and respect at work and which is
free from discrimination, victimisation, harassment and bullying. Such   Certain key matters regarding the Company’s share capital are
conduct is harmful to our employees and our business and we seek to      noted below:
address any form of discrimination, victimisation, harassment or
bullying where it occurs in the workplace. All our employees and         –– Under the Company’s Articles of Association, any share in the
other third parties working for or with us, without exception, have a       Company may be issued with such rights or restrictions, whether
duty to comply with our policies to ensure that their colleagues are        in regard to dividend, voting, transfer, return of capital or
treated with dignity and respect and wherever possible to prevent           otherwise as the Company may from time to time by ordinary
discrimination, victimisation, harassment or bullying.                      resolution determine or, in the absence of any such determination,
                                                                            as the Board may determine. All shares currently in issue are
We aim to:                                                                  ordinary shares of 26¼p each carrying equal rights. The Articles of
                                                                            Association of the Company cannot be amended without
–– ensure that all job applicants are treated fairly and judged on          shareholder approval
   criteria relevant to a vacant position                                –– At a General Meeting of the Company every member present in
–– ensure that all employees are treated in a fair and equitable            person or by a duly appointed proxy has one vote on a show of
   manner which allows each individual to reach their full potential        hands and on a poll one vote for each share held
–– ensure that decisions on recruitment, selection, training,            –– The Intermediate Capital Group EBT 2015 holds shares which may
   promotion, career management, transfer, terms and conditions of          be used to satisfy options and awards granted under the
   employment and every other aspect of employment are based                Company’s employee share schemes including its long-term
   solely on objective and job-related criteria                             incentive plans. The voting rights of these shares are exercisable
–– provide the Group with a workforce of the highest ability which          by the trustees in accordance with their fiduciary duties
   reflects the population as a whole                                    –– The notice of any general meeting specifies deadlines for
–– avoid any type of unlawful discrimination                                exercising voting rights either by proxy or present in person in
–– ensure all managers actively promote equal opportunities within          relation to resolutions to be passed at a general meeting
   the Group                                                             –– No shareholder is, unless the Board decides otherwise, entitled to
                                                                            attend or vote either personally or by proxy at a general meeting
We strongly disapprove of and will not tolerate unlawful                    or to exercise any other right conferred by being a shareholder if:
discrimination, victimisation, harassment, bullying or any other
inappropriate behaviour towards our employees by managers, other          –– They or any person with an interest in shares has been sent a notice
employees or any third party such as clients, suppliers, visitors,           under section 793 of the Companies Act 2006 (section 793 notice)
consultants or contractors. All our employees and third parties              (which confers upon public companies the power to require
working for or with the Group are required to make sure they treat           information with respect to interests in their voting shares)
everyone fairly and without bias.




                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          113
Directors’ report continued




 –– They or any interested person have failed to supply the Company        A resolution will be proposed to renew the Company’s authority to
    with the information requested within 14 days where the shares         allot further new shares at the forthcoming AGM. In accordance with
    subject to the notice (the ‘default shares’) represent at least        applicable institutional guidelines, the proposed new authority will
    0.25% of their class or in any other case 28 days after delivery of    allow the Directors to allot ordinary shares equal to an amount of up
    the notice. Where the default shares represent 0.25% of their          to one third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 4
    class, unless the Board decides otherwise, no dividend is              June 2021 plus, in the case of a fully pre-emptive rights issue only, a
    payable in respect of those default shares and no transfer of any      further amount of up to an additional one third of the Company’s
    default shares shall be registered. These restrictions end seven       issued share capital as at 4 June 2021. The authority for Directors to
    days after receipt by the Company of a notice of an approved           allot shares in the Company’s shares is renewed annually and
    transfer of the shares or all the information required by the          approval will be sought at the forthcoming AGM for its renewal.
    relevant section 793 notice, whichever is the earlier
                                                                           The Directors’ authority to effect purchases of the Company’s shares
–– The Directors may refuse to register any transfer of any share          on the Company’s behalf is conferred by resolution of shareholders.
   which is not a fully paid share, although such discretion may not be    At the 2020 AGM the Company was granted authority to purchase its
   exercised in a way which the Financial Conduct Authority regards        own shares up to an aggregate value of approximately 10% of the
   as preventing dealings in the shares of the relevant class or classes   issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 10 June 2020.
   from taking place on an open and proper basis. The Directors may
   likewise refuse to register any transfer of a share in favour of more   During the year no shares were bought back. The authority to effect
   than four persons jointly                                               purchases of the Company’s shares is renewed annually and approval
–– The Company is not aware of any other restrictions on the transfer      will be sought at the forthcoming AGM for its renewal.
   of ordinary shares in the Company other than:
                                                                           Powers of Directors
 –– Certain restrictions that may from time to time be imposed by          Subject to its Articles of Association and relevant statutory law and to
    laws and regulations (for example, insider trading laws or the UK      such direction as may be given by the Company by special resolution,
    Takeover Code)                                                         the business of the Company is managed by the Board, who may
 –– Pursuant to the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority       exercise all powers of the Company whether relating to the
    whereby certain employees of the Company require approval of           management of the business or not.
    the Company to deal in the Company’s shares
                                                                           The Company’s Articles of Association give power to the Board to
The Company is not aware of any agreements between shareholders            appoint Directors. The Articles also require any Directors appointed
that may result in restrictions on the transfer of securities or           by the Board to submit themselves for election at the first AGM
voting rights.                                                             following their appointment and for one third of the Company’s
                                                                           Directors to retire by rotation at each AGM. Directors may resign or
At the 2020 AGM the Directors were given the power to allot shares         be removed by an ordinary resolution of shareholders.
and grant rights to subscribe for, or convert any security into, shares:   Notwithstanding the above, the Company has elected, in accordance
up to an aggregate nominal amount of £25,414,011.00 and, in the            with the UK Corporate Governance Code, to have all Directors
case of a fully pre-emptive rights issue only, up to a total amount        reappointed on an annual basis (other than any who have decided to
of £50,828,022.00.                                                         retire at the relevant AGM).

                                                                           In relation to the Directors who are standing for election or re-
                                                                           election, the Chairman is satisfied that, following the formal
                                                                           performance evaluation described above, each of the other Directors
                                                                           continues to be effective and demonstrates commitment to their role.
                                                                           In the case of the Chairman, the NEDs are satisfied that he continues
                                                                           to be effective and demonstrates commitment to his role.




114    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Results of resolutions proposed at 2020 Annual General Meeting
Resolution                                                                                                                     Votes for   Votes against   Votes withheld

1. To receive the Company’s financial statements and reports of the directors of the Company (the “Directors”
and of the auditors for the financial year ended 31 March 2020.                                                           236,881,952        137,689          526,924
2. To approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Directors’ Remuneration Policy) as set out in
the Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 March 2020.                                                229,681,769      7,620,878          243,918
3. To approve the Directors’ Remuneration Policy as set out in the Annual Report and Accounts for the financial
year ended 31 March 2020.                                                                                                 224,097,103      13,206,567         242,894
4. To appoint Ernst & Young LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office as the Company’s auditors until the
conclusion of the Company’s Annual General Meeting in 2020.                                                               236,084,441       1,458,761            3,363
5. To authorise the directors to set the remuneration of the auditors.                                                    237,046,166         492,552           7,847
6. To declare a final dividend of 35.8 pence per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 March 2019.               236,226,652       1,318,314            1,599
7. To reappoint Vijay Bharadia as a Director.                                                                              236,181,149      1,360,251            5,165
8. To reappoint Benoît Durteste as a Director.                                                                             237,542,477           2,223           1,865
9. To reappoint Virginia Holmes as a Director.                                                                            237,238,200        306,500             1,865
10. To reappoint Michael Nelligan as a Director.                                                                          235,032,703      2,508,697             5,165
11. To reappoint Kathryn Purves as a Director.                                                                            237,544,033              667           1,865
12. To reappoint Amy Schioldager as a Director.                                                                            237,532,997          2,403           11,165
13. To reappoint Andrew Sykes as a Director.                                                                              237,540,800             600            5,165
14. To reappoint Stephen Welton as a Director.                                                                            237,540,800           3,900            1,865
15. To appoint Lord Davies of Abersoch as a Director.                                                                     232,885,866           97,311      4,563,388
16. To appoint Antje Hensel-Roth as a Director.                                                                           237,374,870         164,364            7,331
17. That the Intermediate Capital Group Omnibus Plan 2020 proposed to be implemented by the Company, be and
is hereby approved and established.                                                                                       230,074,372       7,231,490         240,702
18. That the Intermediate Capital Group Deal Vintage Bonus Plan 2020 proposed to be implemented by the
Company, be and is hereby approved and established.                                                                       235,382,790       1,921,600          242,174
19. To grant the Directors authority to allot shares pursuant to section 551 of the Companies Act 2006.                   230,093,047        7,451,771           1,747
20. Subject to the passing of resolution 19, to authorise the Directors to allot equity securities and to sell ordinary
shares pursuant to sections 570 (1) and 573 of the Companies Act 2006.                                                    237,518,558          24,671             3,336
21. In addition to the authority granted under resolution 20 and subject to the passing of resolutions 19 and 20, to
authorise the Directors to allot equity securities                                                                         235,914,751      1,628,477           3,336
22. To authorise the Company to make market purchases of its ordinary shares                                              235,348,566       1,787,728         410,270
23. To approve that a general meeting of the Company (other than the annual general meeting) may be called on
less than 14 clear days’ notice.                                                                                          224,766,710      12,777,256            2,599
24. That the articles of association produced to the meeting and initialled by the Chairman of the meeting for the
purpose of identification be adopted as the articles of association of the Company in substitution for, and to the
exclusion of, the existing Articles of Association.                                                                       237,529,783              877          15,905

The issued share capital of the Company at the date of the Annual General Meeting was 290,445,841 ordinary shares of 26¼p each (excluding
3,733,333 treasury shares).

2021 Annual General Meeting
The AGM of the Company is scheduled to take place at the Head Office of the Company on 29 July 2021 at 9:00 am; however, the exact
arrangements for the meeting remain subject to any restrictions on gatherings which may be in force. Shareholders will be updated if
arrangements change. Any shareholder who wishes to vote by proxy or raise a question to be answered in writing should refer to the Notice of
Meeting for instructions on how to do so. Details of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM along with explanatory notes are set out in the
circular to be posted to shareholders in June 2021 convening the meeting. In line with market practice, if votes of more than 20% of those voting
are cast against a resolution, the Company will make a statement when announcing the results of the vote to explain any actions it intends to take
to understand the reasons behind the vote result.

This Directors’ Report is approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:




Andrew Lewis
Company Secretary

8 June 2021
                                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                115
Directors’ responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and              The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
Accounts in accordance with applicable law and regulations.                    records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s
                                                                               transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements             financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the
for each financial year. Under that law the Directors are required to          financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are
prepare the Group and Parent Company financial statements in                   also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and
accordance with international accounting standards in conformity               hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Under company                 fraud and other irregularities.
law the Directors must not approve the accounts unless they are
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the   Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.              responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’ Report,
                                                                               Directors’ Remuneration Policy and Corporate Governance
Under the Financial Conduct Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and                statement that comply with that law and those regulations.
Transparency Rules, group financial statements are required to be              The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
prepared in accordance with international financial reporting                  of the corporate and financial information included on the
standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it               company’s website.
applies in the European Union (IFRS).
                                                                               The directors confirm, to the best of their knowledge:
In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:
                                                                               –– That the consolidated financial statements, prepared in
–– Select suitable accounting policies in accordance with IAS 8                   accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
   Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors                with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and IFRS, give a
   and then apply them consistently                                               true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and
–– Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable                   profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the
   and prudent                                                                    consolidation taken as a whole
–– Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner             –– That the Annual Report and Accounts, including the Strategic
   that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable                Report, includes a fair review of the development and
   information                                                                    performance of the business and the position of the Company and
–– Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific               the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole,
   requirements of IFRS are insufficient to enable users to                       together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties
   understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and             that they face
   conditions on the group and company financial position and
   financial performance                                                       That they consider that this Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a
–– In respect of the Group financial statements, state whether                 whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
   international accounting standards in conformity with the                   information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s and
   requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and IFRS adopted                     the Group’s performance, business model and strategy.
   pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 as it applies in the
   European Union have been followed, subject to any material
   departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements
–– In respect of the Parent Company financial statements, state                Benoît Durteste
   whether international accounting standards in conformity with the           Chief Executive Officer
   requirements of the Companies Act 2006 have been followed,
   subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
   financial statements
–– Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it
   is appropriate to presume that the company and/or the group will            Vijay Bharadia
   not continue in business                                                    Chief Finance and Operating Officer

                                                                               8 June 2021




116     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Financial statements

Independent Auditor’s report to the members of
Intermediate Capital Group plc
Opinion                                                                 Basis for opinion
In our opinion:                                                         We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards
                                                                        on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
–– Intermediate Capital Group plc’s financial statements and Parent     under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
   Company financial statements (together the ‘financial statements’)   responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our
   give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the     report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
   Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 March 2021 and of the Group’s      ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
   profit for the year then ended;                                      statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied
–– the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in        to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
   accordance with International Accounting Standards in conformity     responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
   with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and
   International Financial Reporting Standards adopted pursuant to      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
   Regulation (EC) No.1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union;    appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
–– the Parent Company financial statements have been properly
   prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards       Conclusions relating to going concern
   in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as     In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the
   applied in accordance with section 408 of the Companies Act          Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
   2006; and                                                            preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. Our evaluation of
–– the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with       the Directors’ assessment of the Group and Parent Company’s ability
   the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.                          to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:

We have audited the financial statements of Intermediate Capital        –– obtaining an understanding of the Directors’ process for
Group plc (the ‘Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (together the        determining the appropriateness of the use of the going concern
‘Group’) for the year ended 31 March 2021 which comprise:                  basis, including the approval by the Audit Committee;
                                                                        –– evaluating the regulatory capital and liquidity position of the
Group                               Parent company                         Group, including reviewing the Internal Capital Adequacy
Consolidated income statement       Consolidated and Parent                Assessment Process;
for the year ended 31 March 2021    Company statements of               –– reviewing the assumptions used in the Directors’ cash flow
                                    comprehensive income for the           forecast for the period to 30 September 2022 and determined
                                    year ended 31 March 2021               that the models are appropriate to enable the Directors to make an
Consolidated and Parent             Consolidated and Parent                assessment in respect of going concern, including availability of
Company statements of               Company statements of financial        existing and forecast cash resources and undrawn facilities;
comprehensive income for the        position as at 31 March 2021
year ended 31 March 2021                                                –– assessing the appropriateness of the stress and reverse stress
                                                                           test scenarios that consider the key risks to going concern
Consolidated and Parent             Consolidated and Parent
                                                                           identified by management. We have also evaluated the analysis by
Company statements of financial     Company statements of cash
position as at 31 March 2021        flow for the year ended                testing the clerical accuracy and assessing the conclusions
                                    31 March 2021                          reached in the stress and reverse stress test scenarios;
Consolidated and Parent             Consolidated and Parent             –– assessing plausibility of available options to mitigate the impact of
Company statements of cash          Company statements of                  the key risks by comparing them to our understanding of the Group;
flow for the year ended             changes in equity for the year      –– performing enquires of management and those charged with
31 March 2021                       ended 31 March 2021                    governance to identify risks or events that may impact the Group’s
Consolidated and Parent                                                    ability to continue as a going concern. We also reviewed the
Company statements of changes                                              management paper approved by the Board, minutes of meetings
in equity for the year ended                                               of the Board and its committees, and made enquires as to the
31 March 2021                                                              impact of Covid-19 on the business; and
Notes to the financial statements                                       –– assessing the appropriateness of the going concern disclosures
1 to 33, including a summary of                                            by comparing the disclosures with the Directors’ assessment and
significant accounting policies
                                                                           for compliance with the relevant reporting requirements.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their        Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any
preparation is applicable law and International Accounting Standards    material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and,      individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group
as regards to the Group financial statements, International Financial   and Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for the
Reporting Standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC)                 period assessed by the Directors, being the period to 30 September
No. 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union (‘IFRS’) and as       2022, which is at least twelve months from when the financial
regards the Parent Company financial statements, as applied in          statements were authorised for issue.
accordance with section 408 of the Companies Act 2006.


                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021            117
Financial statements continued
Independent Auditor’s report to the members of Intermediate Capital Group plc continued




In relation to the Group and Parent Company’s reporting on how they      In assessing the risk of material misstatement to the Group financial
have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing           statements, and to ensure we had adequate quantitative coverage of
material to add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’       significant accounts in the financial statements, we selected 17 legal
statement in the financial statements about whether the Directors        entities within the following countries: United Kingdom, Luxembourg,
considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis               United States of America and Jersey, which represent the principal
of accounting.                                                           business units within the Group.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with      Of the 17 legal entities selected, we performed an audit of the
respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of       complete financial information of seven legal entities (‘full scope
this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can    entities’) which were selected based on their size or risk
be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the Group’s        characteristics. For the remaining ten legal entities (‘specific scope
ability to continue as a going concern.                                  entities’), we performed audit procedures on specific accounts within
                                                                         that legal entity that we considered had the potential for the greatest
Overview of our audit approach                                           impact on the significant accounts in the financial statements, either
Audit scope –– The Group is managed principally from one                 because of the size of these accounts or their risk profile.
               location, with core business functions, including
               finance and operations, located in London. All key        For the remaining entities that together represent 4% of the Group’s
               accounting records are maintained in the UK. The          profit before tax and 4% of the Group’s net assets, we performed
               Group operates international offices in Europe,           other procedures, including analytical review procedures, testing of
               Asia and North America, which are primarily               consolidation journals and intercompany eliminations, and foreign
               responsible for deal origination, marketing and           currency translation recalculations to respond to any potential risks
               investment portfolio monitoring.                          of material misstatement to the financial statements.
            –– The Group comprises 147 consolidated subsidiaries,
               including 17 consolidated structured entities.            The charts below illustrate the coverage obtained from the work
            –– The Group audit team, based in London, performed          performed by our audit teams.
               direct audit procedures on all items material to the
               Group financial statements. The legal entities            Profit before tax                       Total net assets
               where we performed full or specific audit
               procedures accounted for 96% of profit before tax
               and 96% of net assets.
Key audit   –– Valuation of investments in portfolio companies
matters        and real estate assets (including those held via fund
               structures and assets held for sale)                              Full scope entities       89%           Full scope entities       86%
            –– Valuation of investments in Collateralised Loan                   Specific scope entities   7%            Specific scope entities   10%
               Obligations (‘CLOs’), including debt (senior) and
                                                                                 Other procedures          4%            Other procedures          4%
               equity (subordinated) tranches and the assets and
               liabilities held by consolidated CLOs
            –– Calculation and recognition of management fees
               and performance fees
            –– First year audit transition
Materiality –– Overall group materiality of £25.5m which                 As a result of Covid-19, the audit fieldwork was predominantly
               represents 5% of group profit before tax.                 executed remotely using video calls, share-screen functionality and
                                                                         secure document exchanges.
An overview of the scope of the Parent Company and
Group audits                                                             Involvement with overseas teams
Tailoring the scope                                                      All audit work performed for the purposes of the Group audit was
Our assessment of audit risk, our evaluation of materiality and our      undertaken by the Group audit team based in London.
allocation of performance materiality determine our audit scope for
each entity within the Group. Taken together, this enables us to form    Key audit matters
an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We take into        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
account size, risk profile, the organisation of the Group and            judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial
effectiveness of group-wide controls, changes in the business            statements of the current period and include the most significant
environment and other factors, such as the impact of the Covid-19        assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
pandemic or recent internal audit results, when assessing the level of   that we identified. These matters included those which had the
work to be performed at each entity.                                     greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of
                                                                         resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement
                                                                         team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                                                                         financial statements as a whole, and in our opinion thereon, and we
                                                                         do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
118    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Risk                                                                Our response to the risk

Valuation of investments in portfolio companies and real            We obtained an understanding of management’s processes and controls for
estate assets (including those held via fund structures and         the valuation of investments in portfolio companies and real estate assets by
assets held for sale)                                               performing walkthrough procedures, in which we evaluated the design
In the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of                effectiveness of controls. This included discussing with management the
financial position, the Group’s investments in portfolio            valuation governance structure and protocols around their oversight of the
companies (2021: £1,525m, 2020: £1,367m) and real estate            valuation process, including the Group Valuation Committee.
assets (2021: £273m, 2020: £155m) are included in Financial         We compared management’s valuation methodologies to IFRS and the
assets at fair value and Investment property. Assets held for       relevant IPEV and RICS guidelines. We sought explanations from management
sale (2021: £57m, 2020: £nil) are included in Disposal groups       where there were judgments applied in their application of the guidelines and
held for sale.                                                      assessed their appropriateness.
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70);                      With the assistance of our valuations specialists, we formed an independent
Accounting policies (page 133); and Note 5 of the                   view on appropriateness of the key assumptions and inputs used in the
Financial Statements (page 140)                                     valuation of a sample of portfolio company and real estate investments, with
The Group’s investment portfolio contains unquoted debt and         reference to relevant industry and market valuation considerations and data
equity securities, and real estate assets, that are held either     points. We derived a range of acceptable fair values through our analysis
directly or through funds managed by the Group. These               including taking account of other qualitative risk factors, such as company
investments are held at fair value through profit and loss or       specific risk factors. We compared these ranges to management’s fair values
investments held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-          and discussed our results with both management and the Audit Committee.
current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.           On a sample basis we agreed key inputs in the valuation models to source
The Group adopts a valuation policy based on the International      data, including portfolio company financial information. We also performed
Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines 2018        procedures on key judgments made by management in the calculation of
(‘IPEV guidelines’) and Royal Institution of Chartered              fair value:
Surveyors (‘RICS’) Valuation – Global Standards, and in             –– performed calculations to assess the appropriateness of discount rates
conformity with IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurements (IFRS 13)             used in DCF valuations, with reference to relevant industry and market
and IAS 40 – Investment Property (IAS 40). The Group have               data;
applied predominantly either an earnings based valuation            –– assessed the suitability of the comparable companies used in the
technique or discounted cash flow model (‘DCF’) to value                calculation of the earnings multiples;
non-real estate investments. For certain real estate strategies,
the Group engages external valuers to perform valuations.           –– challenged management on the applicability and completeness of
                                                                        adjustments made to earnings multiples by obtaining rationale and
Owing to the unquoted and illiquid nature of these                      supporting evidence for adjustments made;
investments, the assessment of fair valuation is subjective and
requires several significant and complex judgments to be made       –– assessed the appropriateness of the portfolio company financial
by management. The exit value will be determined by the                 information, including business plans, used in the valuation; and
market at the time of realisation and therefore despite the         –– reviewed the external valuation reports received by management, where
valuation policy adopted and judgments made by management,              an external valuer has been engaged, and assessed their competence and
the final sales value may differ materially from the valuation at       objectivity.
the year-end.                                                       We checked the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models on a sample
There is the risk that inaccurate judgments made in the             basis. We recalculated the unrealised gains/losses on revaluation of
assessment of fair value could lead to the incorrect valuation of   investments impacting the Net gains on investments in the Consolidated
investments in portfolio companies and real estate assets. In       income statement.
turn, this could materially misstate the financial assets at fair   We have considered the impact of Covid-19 throughout the procedures
value in the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of          performed on the valuation of portfolio companies and real estate assets, by
financial position, and the Net gains on investments in the         challenging whether the valuation methodologies and assumptions used
Consolidated income statement.                                      remained appropriate.
There is also a risk that management may influence the              We challenged management to understand the rationale for any material
judgments and estimations in respect of the portfolio               differences between the exit prices of investments realised during the year
companies and real estate asset valuations in order to meet         and the prior year fair value, to further verify the reasonableness of the
market expectations of the Group.                                   current year valuation models and methodology adopted by management.
                                                                    We performed full and specific scope audit procedures over this risk area,
                                                                    which covered 99% of investments in portfolio companies.
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
The valuation of the Group’s portfolio company and real estate investments is determined to be within a reasonable range of fair values and in
accordance with IFRS and the IPEV or RICs guidelines respectively.
Based on our procedures performed we had no material matters to report to the Audit Committee.




                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           119
Financial statements continued
Independent Auditor’s report to the members of Intermediate Capital Group plc continued




Risk                                                             Our response to the risk

Valuation of investments in Collateralised Loan                   We obtained an understanding of management’s processes and controls for
Obligations (‘CLOs’), including debt (senior) and equity          the valuation of CLOs by performing walkthrough procedures, in which we
(subordinated) tranches and the assets and liabilities            evaluated the design effectiveness of controls.
held by consolidated CLOs                                         For the positions where observable market data was available, we obtained
In the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of              this market data and compared to management’s fair valuations.
financial position, the Group’s investments in CLO debt           For the positions where observable market data was not available, we formed
(senior) (2021: £107m, 2020: £98m) and equity                     an independent range of fair values for the debt and equity tranches with the
(subordinated) tranches (2021: £27m, 2020: £32m), and             assistance of our valuation specialists. This included:
investments held by consolidated CLOs (2021: £3,965m, 2020:
£3,456m) are included in Financial assets at fair value. The      –– projecting cash flows using a cash flow model and market based
liabilities held by consolidated CLOs (2021: £3,757m, 2020:           assumptions such as default rates;
£3,192m) are included in Financial liabilities at fair value.     – – estimating a range of yields based on either recent trade data or
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70);                        comparable CLO securities; and
Accounting policies (page 133); and Note 5 of the                 –– performing comparative calculations using the cash flows and yields.
Financial Statements (page 140)                                   In addition, we checked the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models on
The Group holds investments in CLOs in both the debt and          a sample basis. We recalculated the unrealised gains/losses on revaluation of
equity tranches. These investments are accounted for at fair      investments impacting the net gains on investments in the Consolidated
value through profit or loss. The Group consolidates the CLOs income statement.
where it is deemed to have control in accordance with IFRS 10     For a sample of the assets and liabilities held by consolidated CLOs, we have
– Consolidated Financial Statements (‘IFRS 10’).                  performed independent pricing to observable market data.
The valuation inputs and judgments required from                  We have considered the impact of Covid-19 throughout the procedures
management differ between the unconsolidated debt and             performed on the valuation of the consolidated and unconsolidated CLO
equity tranches. In particular, significant judgments are         investments, by challenging whether the valuation methodologies and
required where there is limited market activity to provide        assumptions used remained appropriate.
reliable observable inputs.                                       We performed full and specific scope audit procedures over this risk area,
There is the risk that inaccurate judgments made in the           which covered 96% of debt and equity tranches.
assessment of fair value could lead to the incorrect valuation of
investments in CLOs which could materially misstate the
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value in the
Consolidated and Parent Company statements of financial
position. In turn, this could materially misstate the unrealised
gains and losses on the revaluation of investments recorded in
the Net gains on investments account in the Consolidated
income statement.
There is also a risk that management may influence the
judgments and estimations of the investments in CLO debt and
equity tranches in order to meet market expectations of
the Group.
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
The valuation of the CLO debt and equity tranches was found to be within a reasonable range of fair values and materially in accordance with
IFRS. Reasonable inputs to the valuations were used.
Based on our procedures performed we had no material matters to report to the Audit Committee.




120    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Risk                                                              Our response to the risk

Calculation and recognition of management fees and                 We obtained an understanding of management’s processes and controls for
performance fees                                                   the calculation and recognition of management fees and performance fees by
In the Consolidated income statement, management fees              performing walkthrough procedures, in which we evaluated the design
(2021: £325m, 2020: £256m), including performance fees             effectiveness of controls.
(2021: £65m, 2020: £24m), are included in Fee and other            In respect of management fees, for a sample of funds, we:
operating income.                                                  –– agreed the fee terms used in the calculation of the relevant legal
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70);                         agreements, for example the Investment Management Agreement or
Accounting policies (page 133); and Note 3 of the                      Limited Partnership Agreement;
Financial Statements (page 135)                                    –– validated key inputs, such as committed capital, invested capital or NAV,
The Group manages funds across numerous domiciles and                  to supporting evidence;
investment strategies. The Group receives management fees          –– tested the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations prepared by ICG or the
and performance fees from its performance of investment                third-party administrators by performing independent recalculations; and
management services for third-party money it manages.
                                                                   –– traced management fees received during the year to bank statements.
Management fees are calculated based on an agreed
percentage of either committed capital, invested capital or        In respect of performance fees, for a sample of funds, we:
net asset value (‘NAV’), depending on the contractual              –– agreed contractual terms such as hurdle rates and percentage receivable
agreement of the underlying fund. The calculations are                 to underlying legal agreements;
prepared by ICG or third-party administrators. Due to the          –– recalculated the waterfall to test management’s judgment that the relevant
manual nature of the process, there is a risk that management          hurdles are expected to be met where performance fees are being
fees are incorrectly calculated.                                       accrued;
Performance fees are calculated as a contractual percentage of –– determined the reasonableness of forecast exit-dates with reference to
a fund’s return, once a specified hurdle rate is expected to be        our work performed over valuations of the investment portfolio and our
met. These amounts are specified in the underlying contract            understanding of the investment life cycle;
between the fund and the Group in its capacity as investment       –– tested the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations by performing
manager. Performance fees are only received when a                     independent recalculations; and
triggering event, such as a realisation or refinancing a fund’s
investment, occurs.                                                – – ensured that a payment of performance fees is a result of a triggering
                                                                       event, such as a realisation or refinancing and verified cash flows to
In respect of performance fees, management must apply                  bank statements.
judgment in accordance with IFRS 15 – Revenue from contracts
with customers (‘IFRS 15’) to determine whether it is highly       We   verified the performance of the underlying funds used in the performance
probable that a significant reversal will not occur in the future. fee  calculations to our understanding of the performance of the underlying
The following are identified as the key risks or judgments in      investments gained through our valuation work.
respect to the recognition of performance fees:                    We challenged management to understand the rationale for any differences
–– inappropriate judgments are made by management in the           between the performance fee payments received during the year and the
    calculations, including whether a constraint is applied and    prior year estimates, to further assess the reasonableness of the current year
    the forecast exit dates of the underlying investments;         performance fee models and methodology adopted by management.
–– errors made in complex manual calculation models; and           In order to address the residual risk of management override we have
                                                                   performed journal entry testing and have made enquiries of management.
–– inappropriate inputs used by management in the calculations.
                                                                   We have considered the impact of Covid-19 throughout the procedures
The accuracy and recognition of revenue is important to the        performed on the performance fees, by challenging whether the judgments
Group’s financial statements. Stakeholder expectations may         used by management, such as the constraint applied, remained appropriate.
place pressure on management to influence the recognition of
revenue. This may result in overstatement or deferral of           We performed full and specific scope audit procedures over this risk area,
revenue to assist in meeting current or future revenue targets     which covered 84% of management fees, including performance fees.
or expectations.
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
All transactions tested have been recognised in accordance with the underlying agreements or other supporting documentation. Management
fees and performance fees have been recorded materially in accordance with IFRS 15.
Based on our procedures performed we had no material matters to report to the Audit Committee.




                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         121
Financial statements continued
Independent Auditor’s report to the members of Intermediate Capital Group plc continued




Risk                                                                Our response to the risk

First year audit transition                                         In preparation for our first year audit of the 31 March 2021 financial
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70); and                  statements, we prepared a detailed transition plan. Our audit planning and
Accounting policies (page 133)                                      transition commenced in September 2019 after we had confirmed our
                                                                    independence of the Group to the Audit Committee. Our transition activities
The Group approved the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as          included shadowing the former auditor Deloitte LLP at key meetings with
auditor for the year ended 31 March 2021, and our appointment       management, and through attending meetings of the Audit Committee. We
took effect from the Annual General Meeting in July 2020.           reviewed Deloitte’s 2020 audit work papers and gained an understanding of
In our first year as auditor it has been critical to gain an        their risk assessment and key accounting estimates and judgments.
understanding of the Group’s specific risks, controls, policies     In order to assess whether opening balances were appropriately stated, we:
and processes in order to make audit risk assessments and
develop an audit strategy.                                          –– Read the most recent financial statements, and the predecessor
                                                                        auditor’s report thereon, for information relevant to opening balances,
In accordance with ISA 510 (UK) Initial Audit Engagements               including disclosures.
(‘ISA 510’), we are required to perform a review of opening
balances and obtain appropriate audit evidence of whether:          –– Obtained sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about whether the
                                                                        opening balances contain misstatements that materiality affect the current
–– opening balances contain misstatements that materially               period’s financial statements by:
    affect the current period’s financial statements; and
                                                                    –– determining that the prior-period’s closing balances have been
–– appropriate accounting policies reflected in the opening             correctly bought forward to the current period, or, when appropriate,
    balances have been consistently applied in the current              have been restated;
    period’s financial statements, or changes thereto are
    appropriately accounted for and adequately presented and        –– determining whether the opening balances reflect the application of
    disclosed in accordance with IFRS.                                  appropriate accounting policies; and
In particular we have considered the assessment of control of       –– reviewing the predecessor auditor’s working papers to obtain evidence
investment structures, including carried interest partnerships,         regarding the opening balances.
under IFRS 10 – Consolidated Financial Statements (‘IFRS 10’)       In order to obtain an understanding of the Group’s accounting policies and
as an area of accounting complexity and judgment requiring          historic accounting judgments, we reviewed accounting policy manuals and
significant attention in performing our initial audit.              technical documentation on specific accounting topics.
The application of IFRS 10 requires the Group to assess, on an      In relation to the Group’s application of IFRS 10, we obtained an
ongoing basis, which entities are controlled under IFRS 10 and      understanding of management’s procedures and controls over the
therefore consolidated into the results of the Group.               assessment of each type of subsidiary and their treatment under IFRS 10 by
Management are required to make judgments in the                    performing walkthrough procedures, in which we evaluated the design and
assessment of control. These considerations are complex due         implementation of controls.
to the varied investment structures, Intermediate Capital           We have obtained and reviewed management’s accounting papers relating to
Group plc’s direct and indirect holdings in underlying portfolio    the application of IFRS 10. For a sample of entities we have:
companies and the presence of the carried interest
partnerships (‘CIPs’). There is a risk that incorrect judgments     –– reviewed management’s assessment of control in accordance with
made by management could lead to these entities being                   IFRS 10; and
incorrectly accounted for.                                          –– challenged management’s judgments and assumptions used in these
                                                                        assessments and assessed whether these are appropriate.
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
Our procedures did not bring any matters to our attention that materially impact the opening balances. We are satisfied that the accounting
policies, including the application of IFRS 10, are appropriate and have been consistently applied in the current period. Where accounting
policies have been updated in the year, such as the changes to the presentation of the cash flow statement, or where restatements to the
comparative period have been made, these have been appropriately disclosed.
Based on the procedures performed, we have no matters to report in respect of opening balances.

In the prior year, the Deloitte LLP auditor’s report identified the ‘Valuation of investments into private companies’, ‘Valuation of investments in
Collateralised Loan Obligations (‘CLOs’)’ and ‘Valuation of direct real estate investments’ to be key audit matters. These areas of the audit are
covered by the key audit matters identified above for the 2021 audit.

In addition, we have identified ‘Calculation and recognition of management fees and performance fees’ and ‘First year audit transition’ as new
key audit matters in the current year.




122    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Our application of materiality                                              Prior year comparison
We apply the concept of materiality in planning and performing the          In 2020, Deloitte LLP set the overall materiality for the Group at
audit, in evaluating the effect of identified misstatements on the audit    £7.1m, which was 5% of profit before tax, and for the Parent Company
and in forming our audit opinion.                                           at £5.7m, which was 1% of net assets.

Materiality                                                                 Other information
The magnitude of an omission or misstatement that, individually or in       The other information comprises the information included in the
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the                Annual Report set out on pages 1-116 and 180 to 188, including the
economic decisions of the users of the financial statements.                Strategic Report, Governance Report, Glossary and Shareholder and
Materiality provides a basis for determining the nature and extent of       Company information sections, other than the financial statements
our audit procedures.                                                       and our auditor’s report thereon. The Directors are responsible for
                                                                            the other information contained within the Annual Report.
We determined materiality for the Group to be £25.5 million, which is
5% of profit before tax. We believe that profit before tax is the most      Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
relevant measure to the stakeholders of the entity and is                   other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly
demonstrated by the focus in the market on the Group’s fund                 stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance
management activities.                                                      conclusion thereon.

We determined materiality for the Parent Company to be £10.7 million,       Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
which is 1% of net assets. The Parent Company is an investment              consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
company and, therefore, net assets is considered to be the key focus        with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
for users of the financial statements.                                      course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                                                            If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
During the course of our audit, we reassessed initial materiality based     misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a
on 31 March 2021 profit before tax, and net asset value in relation to      material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based
the Parent Company, and adjusted our audit procedures accordingly.          on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
                                                                            misstatement of the other information, we are required to report
Performance materiality                                                     that fact.
The application of materiality at the individual account or balance
level. It is set at an amount to reduce to an appropriately low level the   We have nothing to report in this regard.
probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected
misstatements exceeds materiality.                                          Opinions on other matters prescribed by the
                                                                            Companies Act 2006
We have set performance materiality at 50% of our planning                  In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be
materiality, namely £12.7 million; this percentage is our normal            audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
practice for a first year audit.                                            Companies Act 2006.

Reporting threshold                                                         In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of
An amount below which identified misstatements are considered as            the audit:
being clearly trivial.
                                                                            –– the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them all            Report for the financial year for which the financial statements are
uncorrected audit differences in excess of £1.3m, which is set at 5% of        prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
planning materiality, as well as differences below that threshold that,     –– the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been
in our view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.                       prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements..

We evaluate any uncorrected misstatements against both the
quantitative measures of materiality discussed above and in light of
other relevant qualitative considerations in forming our opinion.




                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          123
Financial statements continued
Independent Auditor’s report to the members of Intermediate Capital Group plc continued




Matters on which we are required to report                               Responsibilities of Directors
by exception                                                             As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities statement
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the     set out on page 116, the Directors are responsible for the preparation
Parent Company and its environment obtained in the course of the         of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true
audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic    and fair view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine
Report or the Directors’ Report.                                         is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
                                                                         free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in
relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to        In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible
you if, in our opinion:                                                  for assessing the Group and Parent Company’s ability to continue as
                                                                         a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
–– adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent          concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
   Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been              Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company
   received from branches not visited by us; or                          or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
–– the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the
   Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in               Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
   agreement with the accounting records and returns; or                 financial statements
–– certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
   are not made; or                                                      financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
–– we have not received all the information and explanations we          whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
   require for our audit.                                                includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
                                                                         assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
Corporate Governance Statement                                           accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement
The Listing Rules require us to review the Directors’ statement in       when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the    considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
Corporate Governance Statement relating to the Group and                 reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
company’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate             taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Governance Code specified for our review.
                                                                         Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have               detecting irregularities, including fraud
concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate           Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with
Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial         laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit:                   responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including
                                                                         fraud. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud
–– Directors’ statement with regards to the appropriateness of           is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as
   adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any material       fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or
   uncertainties identified, as set out on page 111;                     intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to
                                                                         which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities,
–– Directors’ explanation as to its assessment of the Parent
                                                                         including fraud is detailed below.
   Company’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why
   the period is appropriate, as set out on page 111;
                                                                         However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection
–– Directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable, as set     of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the
   out on page 116;                                                      company and management.
–– Board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of
   the emerging and principal risks, as set out on page 49;
–– the section of the Annual Report that describes the review of
   effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems, as
   set out on page 78; and
–– the section describing the work of the Audit Committee, as set out
   on page 70.




124    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
–– We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory             Other matters we are required to address
   frameworks that are applicable to the Group and determined that      –– Following the recommendation from the Audit Committee, we
   the most significant are those that relate to the reporting             were appointed by the Group on 21 July 2020 to audit the financial
   framework (International Financial Reporting Standards adopted          statements for the year ending 31 March 2021 and subsequent
   pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 as it applies in the          financial periods. Our appointment as auditor was approved by
   European Union, the Companies Act 2006 and UK Corporate                 shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 21 July 2020.
   Governance Code) and relevant tax compliance regulations. In         –– The period of total uninterrupted engagement including previous
   addition, we concluded that there are certain significant laws and      renewals and reappointments is one year, covering the year
   regulations which may have an effect on the determination of the        ending 31 March 2021.
   amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, being the       –– The non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard
   Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority and relevant FCA rules        were not provided to the Group or the Parent Company and we
   and regulations.                                                        remain independent of the Group and the Parent Company in
–– We understood how the Group is complying with those                     conducting the audit.
   frameworks by making enquiries of senior management, including       –– The audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the
   the Chief Financial and Operating Officer, Group Head of Legal          Audit Committee.
   and Company Secretary, Global Head of Compliance, Head of
   Risk, Head of Internal Audit and the Chairman of the Audit           Use of our report
   Committee. We corroborated our understanding through our             This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in
   review of board and committee meeting minutes, papers provided       accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006.
   to the Audit Committee, and correspondence received from             Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
   regulatory bodies.                                                   company’s members those matters we are required to state to them
–– We assessed the susceptibility of the Group’s financial statements   in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
   to material misstatement, including how fraud might occur by         permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
   discussing with the Audit Committee and management to                anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a
   understand where they considered there was susceptibility to         body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
   fraud. We considered performance targets and their potential         have formed.
   influence on efforts made by management to manage or influence
   the perceptions of analysts. We considered the controls that the     Ashley Coups (Senior statutory auditor)
   Group has established to address risks identified, or that           for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
   otherwise prevent, deter and detect fraud, including in a remote-
   working environment; and how senior management and those             London
   charged with governance monitor these controls. Where the risk
   was considered to be higher, we performed audit procedures to        8 June 2021
   address each identified fraud risk.
–– Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to      Notes:
   identify non-compliance with such laws and regulations. Our          1. The maintenance and integrity of the Intermediate Capital Group plc website is the
   procedures involved: journal entry testing, with a focus on manual      responsibility of the Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve
                                                                           consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility
   journals and journals indicating large or unusual transactions          for any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements since they were
   based on our understanding of the business; enquiries of senior         initially presented on the website.
   management, and focused testing, as referred to in the key audit     2. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of
                                                                           financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
   matters section above.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the
financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council’s
website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This
description forms part of our auditor’s report.




                                                                                                     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                    125
Financial statements continued

Consolidated income statement
for the year ended 31 March 2021



                                                                                                           2021      2020
                                                                                                Notes       £m         £m
Fee and other operating income                                                                     3      331.2    266.1
Finance (loss)/income                                                                              9      (9.4)      30.1
Net gains on investments                                                                          10     507.4      117.4
Total revenue                                                                                            829.2     413.6
Finance costs                                                                                     11     (56.8)    (58.3)
Administrative expenses                                                                          12     (263.1)   (241.4)
Share of results of joint ventures accounted for using equity method                             30         0.2       0.6
Profit before tax                                                                                        509.5      114.5
Tax credit/(charge)                                                                               14     (48.5)      (3.9)
Profit after tax                                                                                         461.0     110.6

Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent                                                                            457.1      108.9
Non-controlling interests                                                                                 3.9         1.7
                                                                                                        461.0      110.6

Earnings per share (pence)1                                                                       16    160.3p     38.2p

Diluted earnings per share (pence)1                                                               16    157.5p     37.5p

1. Earnings per share for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 are restated. (see note 16).

All activities represent continuing operations.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




126      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Consolidated and Parent Company statements
of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 March 2021
                                                                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                                                              2021     (restated)1
Group                                                                                                                            Notes         £m              £m
Profit after tax                                                                                                                            461.0          110.6
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss if specific conditions are met
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                                                    (8.9)           2.7
                                                                                                                                             (8.9)           2.7

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                     452.1          113.3

Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                                                                                                               448.2           111.6
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                    3.9             1.7
                                                                                                                                           452.1           113.3


                                                                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                                                              2021     (restated)
Company                                                                                                                          Notes         £m             £m
Profit/(loss) after tax                                                                                                             8       203.0          (9.5)
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss if specific conditions are met
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                                                       –             –
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                                                           203.0          (9.5)

1. Total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2020 has been restated, excluding a tax charge of £0.7m.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021      127
Financial statements continued

Consolidated and Parent Company statements
of financial position
as at 31 March 2021
                                                                                                                                          2020                      2020
                                                                                                                             2021        Group         2021     Company
                                                                                                                            Group   (restated) 1    Company   (restated) 1
                                                                                                           Notes               £m           £m          £m            £m
Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                                                             17           21.5        26.7            17.1      22.4
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                18            67.0        13.4           56.3        7.5
Investment property                                                                                          19             1.8         8.1              –          –
Investment in subsidiaries                                                                                   28               –           –        1,648.1    1,492.0
Investment in joint venture accounted for under the equity method                                            30             2.8         2.5              –          –
Trade and other receivables                                                                                  20            62.8        24.5         506.6       535.4
Financial assets at fair value                                                                                 5        6,264.5     5,492.6          451.6      598.7
Derivative financial assets                                                                                    5            2.4        12.8            2.4       12.8
Deferred tax asset                                                                                           14             2.9         3.2              –        3.4
                                                                                                                        6,425.7     5,583.8        2,682.1    2,672.2
Current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                                  20            215.2       177.3         716.6      590.2
Current tax debtor                                                                                                           4.4        22.8           19.3      19.0
Financial assets at fair value                                                                                 5           64.6         12.8           62.9          –
Derivative financial assets                                                                                    5          109.5        126.5           44.3       71.7
Deferred tax asset                                                                                                           5.9         7.9            2.9        4.7
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     6            581.2    1,086.9          264.3     894.0
                                                                                                                          980.8     1,434.2         1,110.3   1,579.6
Disposal groups held for sale                                                                                29             57.4           –              –          –
Total assets                                                                                                            7,463.9     7,018.0        3,792.4    4,251.8
Equity and reserves
Called up share capital                                                                                      23            77.2         77.2          77.2        77.2
Share premium account                                                                                        23           180.2        179.9         180.2       179.9
Other reserves                                                                                                             (2.9)      (28.3)          34.5        42.1
Retained earnings                                                                                                       1,362.7     1,080.4          769.0       716.9
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                                            1,617.2     1,309.2        1,060.9     1,016.1
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                    5.0          1.5             –           –
Total equity                                                                                                            1,622.2      1,310.7       1,060.9     1,016.1
Non-current liabilities
Provisions                                                                                                                     –        0.1              –        0.1
Trade and other payables                                                                                     21             41.9       50.0           41.9       50.0
Financial liabilities at fair value                                                                           7         3,882.9     3,329.3              –          –
Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                                       7         1,208.9     1,664.1        1,208.9    1,664.1
Other financial liabilities                                                                                   7             55.0        5.5           47.4        2.1
Derivative financial liabilities                                                                              5             31.7       41.4           31.6       41.3
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                     14              0.8        1.9            0.5          –
                                                                                                                         5,221.2    5,092.3        1,330.3    1,757.6
Current liabilities
Provisions                                                                                                                   0.5        0.7             0.6        0.7
Trade and other payables                                                                                     21           427.3       286.0        1,282.0     1,211.5
Current tax creditor                                                                                                         3.5        6.6               –          –
Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                                        7           112.5      252.8           112.5     252.8
Other financial liabilities                                                                                    7             3.7        3.2             1.0         1.1
Derivative financial liabilities                                                                               5           68.2        65.7             5.1       12.0
                                                                                                                          615.7       615.0        1,401.2    1,478.1
Liabilities directly associated with disposal groups held for sale                                           29              4.8          –               –          –
Total liabilities                                                                                                       5,841.7     5,707.3         2,731.5   3,235.7
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                            7,463.9     7,018.0        3,792.4    4,251.8

1. The Statement of Financial Position for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 has been restated. Please see notes 20 and 21.

The Parent Company’s total profit for the year was £203.0m (2020: total loss of £9.5m). Company Registration Number: 02234775. The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 8 June 2021 and were signed on its behalf by:



Lord Davies of Abersoch                       Vijay Bharadia
Director                                      Director

128      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Consolidated and Parent Company statements
of cash flow
for the year ended 31 March 2021
                                                                                                                                              2020                               2020
                                                                                                                            2021            Group             2021          Company
                                                                                                                           Group        (restated)1        Company        (restated)1,2
                                                                                                          Notes               £m                £m             £m                  £m
Profit/(Loss) before tax from continuing operations                                                          4           509.5             114.5           224.4               (3.6)
Adjustment for non-cash items:
Interest and dividend income                                                                                                 –              (0.5)              –                 –
Fee and other operating income                                                                               3          (331.2)          (266.1)           (35.4)            (14.5)
Net investment returns                                                                                       4         (507.4)            (117.4)         (209.2)           (128.4)
Net fair value gains on derivatives                                                                          4             9.4            (29.6)          (126.4)             18.4
Interest expense                                                                                                          56.8              58.3            52.6              54.3
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, equipment and
intangible assets                                                                                     17 & 18             19.2              10.6             10.7              8.3
Share based payment expense                                                                                25             26.9              25.2             26.9             25.2
Intragroup reallocation of incurred costs                                                                                    –                 –            (82.9)          (122.3)
Working capital changes:
(Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables                                                                  20          (35.4)               31.7           (19.7)             28.7
Increase / (Decrease) in trade and other payables                                                           21            87.2              (8.4)            (5.6)             13.3
Cash used in operations                                                                                                (165.0)            (181.7)         (164.6)           (120.6)
Proceeds from sale of current financial assets and disposal groups                                                        27.1             182.8             69.9             121.2
Purchase of current financial assets and disposal groups                                                                (79.6)           (102.0)           (66.2)            (66.2)
Purchase of investments                                                                                              (2,836.1)         (2,675.9)           (20.9)            (113.5)
Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments                                                                     2,838.5           2,708.3             137.6             98.6
Interest and dividend income received                                                                                    257.1             285.2             30.8              25.6
Fee and other operating income received                                                                                  285.1             265.1             27.9              15.7
Interest paid                                                                                                          (189.8)           (169.7)            (55.1)           (45.5)
Taxes paid                                                                                                              (26.3)              (11.2)          (15.9)            (11.6)
Net cash flows from / (used in) operating activities                                                                     111.0            300.9            (56.5)            (96.3)
Investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                               17            (3.9)             (6.1)            (4.0)             (6.1)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                   18            (6.9)            (4.0)             (6.7)            (2.0)
Net cashflow from derivative financial instruments                                                                        40.6            (26.9)              41.1           (28.9)
Cashflow as a result of change in control of subsidiary                                                                   34.9            (37.0)                –                 –
Cash paid in respect of group investing activities (acquisition of
long-term assets)                                                                                    20 & 21                   –                –         (200.6)            (67.8)
Cash received in respect of group investing activities (proceeds from
long-term assets)                                                                                    20 & 21                 –                –             123.8             132.2
Increase in amounts owed by subsidiaries                                                                                     –                –              (4.2)           (64.1)
Investment in subsidiaries                                                                                                   –                –           (251.4)            (89.8)
Net cash flows from / (used in) investing activities                                                                      64.7            (74.0)          (302.0)           (126.5)
Financing activities
Purchase of own shares                                                                                                      –             (40.3)                –                –
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                                        (6.8)             (3.8)             (2.3)            (4.0)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                    –             800.6                 –            800.6
Repayment of long-term borrowings                                                                                      (495.6)           (142.5)          (495.4)           (142.5)
Dividends paid to equity holders of the parent                                                              15         (150.9)           (142.8)          (150.9)           (142.8)
Increase in amounts owed to subsidiaries                                                                                    –                 –             272.2            270.3
Repayment of amounts owed to subsidiaries                                                                                   –                 –             (31.2)           (86.9)
Increase in amounts owed to subsidiaries (receipts of proceeds from
long-term assets)                                                                                                            –                 –           149.0             301.3
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                                                     (653.3)             471.2          (258.6)           996.0
Net (decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                  (477.6)            698.1            (617.1)           773.2
Effects of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents                                                        (28.1)             34.8            (12.6)            24.0
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                                                         6        1,086.9             354.0            894.0             96.8
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                                                        6           581.2          1,086.9            264.3            894.0

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

The Group’s cash and cash equivalents include £284.3m (2020 (restated): £139.0m) of restricted cash held principally by structured entities
controlled by the Group; see note 6.

1. The Group has adopted the indirect method for the presentation of the Consolidated and Parent Company cash flow statements during the year and has presented the prior year on a
   consistent basis (see Note 1 on page 134 for more details).
2. The parent company investing and financing cash flows for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 have been restated following the FRC enquiry. Further details are provided in Note
   1 on page 134.
                                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                    129
Financial statements continued

Consolidated and Parent Company statements
of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2021
                                                                                           Share based                      Foreign
                                                      Share          Share       Capital     payments                     currency                                     Non-
                                                     capital      premium    redemption        reserve   Own shares3
                                                                                                                        translation      Retained                controlling      Total
                                                   (note 23)     (note 23)      reserve1     (note 25)     (note 24)       reserve2      earnings        Total      interest     equity
Group                                                    £m            £m            £m             £m            £m            £m             £m          £m            £m         £m
Balance at 1 April 2020                               77.2        179.9            5.0         58.4        (114.4)          22.7      1,080.4       1,309.2            1.5     1,310.7
Profit after tax                                         –            –              –            –             –              –         457.1        457.1            3.9      461.0
Exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations                         –            –              –             –             –        (8.9)               –        (8.9)            –       (8.9)
Total comprehensive income/
(expense) for the year                                    –            –             –            –              –         (8.9)         457.1        448.2          3.9        452.1
Movement in control of subsidiary                         –            –             –            –              –            –           (0.1)        (0.1)        (0.4)        (0.5)
Options/awards exercised4                                 –          0.3             -        (31.6)          32.2            –          (23.8)       (22.9)           –        (22.9)
Tax on options/awards exercised                           –            –             –          6.8              –            –              –          6.8            –          6.8
Credit for equity settled share
schemes                                                  –            –              –         26.9             –              –             –          26.9             –        26.9
Dividends paid                                           –            –              –            –             –              –       (150.9)       (150.9)             –     (150.9)
Balance at 31 March 2021                              77.2        180.2            5.0         60.5         (82.2)          13.8       1,362.7       1,617.2           5.0     1,622.2


                                                                                                                                      Share based
                                                                                                Share          Share       Capital      payments
                                                                                               capital      premium    redemption         reserve   Own shares     Retained       Total
                                                                                             (note 23)     (note 23)      reserve1      (note 25)    (note 24)     earnings      equity
Company                                                                                            £m            £m            £m              £m           £m           £m         £m
Balance at 1 April 2020                                                                         77.2        179.9            5.0          58.4         (21.3)      716.9 1,016.1
Profit after tax                                                                                   –            –              –             –             –      203.0   203.0
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                          –            –              –             –             –           –       –
Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year                                                  –            –              –             –             –      203.0   203.0
Options/awards exercised                                                                           –          0.3              –         (31.6)            –           –   (31.3)
Tax on options/awards exercised                                                                    –            –              –          (2.9)            –           –    (2.9)
Credit for equity settled share schemes                                                            –            –              –          26.9             –           –    26.9
Dividends paid                                                                                     –            –              –             –             –     (150.9) (150.9)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                        77.2        180.2            5.0          50.8         (21.3)     769.0 1,060.9

1. The capital redemption reserve is a reserve created when a company buys its own shares which reduces its share capital. This reserve is not distributable to shareholders. £1.4m of
   the balance relates to the conversion of A ordinary shares and convertible shares into ordinary shares in 1994. The remaining £3.6m relates to the cancellation of treasury shares
   in 2015.
2. Other comprehensive (expense)/income reported in the foreign currency translation reserve represents foreign exchange gains and losses on the translation of foreign operations.
3. The Group Own Shares reserve for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 was restated (see note 24).
4. The movement in the Group Own Shares reserve in respect of Options/awards exercised represents the employee shares vesting net of personal taxes and social security.
   The associated personal taxes and social security liabilities are settled by the Group with the equivalent value of shares retained in the Own shares reserve.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




130       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                           Share based            Own         Foreign
                                                       Share         Share       Capital     payments           shares      currency                                      Non
                                                      capital     premium    redemption        reserve       (note 24)    translation      Retained                controlling      Total
                                                    (note 23)    (note 23)      reserve1     (note 25)     (Restated)4       reserve2      earnings        Total      interest     equity
Group                                                     £m           £m            £m             £m              £m            £m             £m          £m            £m         £m
Balance at 1 April 2019                                77.2        179.5           5.0           64.3        (92.8)          20.0        1,130.2      1,383.4          10.9      1,394.3
Adjustment on initial application of
IFRS 163                                                  –             –             –              –              –             –         (1.8)        (1.8)             –       (1.8)
Profit after tax                                          –             –             –              –              –             –        108.9        108.9            1.7      110.6
Exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations                         –             –             –              –              –           2.7              –          2.7            –         2.7
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                  –            –              –            –              –             2.7        108.9         111.6           1.7       113.3
Movement in control of subsidiary                         –            –              –            –              –               –          4.2           4.2         (11.1)      (6.9)
Own shares acquired in the year                           –            –              –            –         (40.3)               –            –        (40.3)             –      (40.3)
Options/awards exercised5                                 –          0.4              –        (30.4)          18.7               –        (18.3)       (29.6)             –      (29.6)
Tax on options/awards exercised                           –            –              –         (0.7)             –               –            –         (0.7)             –        (0.7)
Credit for equity settled share
schemes                                                   –            –             –           25.2            –               –            –    25.2                    –        25.2
Dividends paid                                            –            –             –              –            –               –       (142.8) (142.8)                   –     (142.8)
Balance at 31 March 2020                               77.2        179.9           5.0           58.4       (114.4)           22.7      1,080.4 1,309.2                  1.5     1,310.7


                                                                                                                                        Share based
                                                                                                                 Share       Capital      payments
                                                                                           Share capital      premium    redemption         reserve   Own shares     Retained       Total
                                                                                              (note 23)      (note 23)      reserve1      (note 24)    (note 24)     earnings      equity
Company                                                                                             £m             £m            £m              £m           £m           £m         £m
Balance at 1 April 2019 (restated)6                                                              77.2         179.5            5.0          64.3         (21.3)     870.2        1,174.9
Adjustment on initial application of IFRS 163                                                       –             –              –              –            –       (1.0)          (1.0)
Loss after tax                                                                                      –             –              –              –            –       (9.5)          (9.5)
Total comprehensive expense for the year                                                            –             –              –              –            –       (9.5)          (9.5)
Options/awards exercised                                                                            –           0.4              –         (30.4)            –          –         (30.0)
Tax on options/awards exercised                                                                     –             –              –          (0.7)            –          –           (0.7)
Credit for equity settled share schemes                                                             –             –              –           25.2            –          –           25.2
Dividends paid                                                                                      –             –              –              –            –     (142.8)       (142.8)
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                         77.2         179.9            5.0          58.4         (21.3)     716.9        1,016.1

1. The capital redemption reserve is a reserve created when a company buys it owns shares which reduces its share capital. This reserve is not distributable to shareholders. £1.4m of
   the balance relates to the conversion of A ordinary shares and convertible shares into ordinary shares in 1994. The remaining £3.6m relates to the cancellation of treasury shares
   in 2015.
2. Other comprehensive (expense)/income reported in the foreign currency translation reserve represent foreign exchange gains and losses on the translation of foreign operations.
3. The Group adopted IFRS 16 with effect from 1 April 2019. As permitted under the transition rules the prior period comparatives were not restated; this resulted in the accumulated
   difference on adoption being adjusted through the opening reserves of the year ended 31 March 2020.
4. The Group Own shares reserve for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 was restated (see note 24).
5. The movement in the Group Own Shares reserve in respect of Options/awards exercised represents the employee shares vesting net of personal taxes and social security.
   The associated personal taxes and social security liabilities are settled by the Group with the equivalent value of shares retained in the Own shares reserve.
6. Adjustment relates to a restatement of the year ended 31 March 2019 for the Parent company balance sheet and income statement.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                   131
Financial statements continued

Notes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2021



1. General information and basis of preparation                             The assessment of control is based on all relevant facts and
General information                                                         circumstances and the Company reassesses its conclusion if there is
Intermediate Capital Group plc (the ‘Parent Company’, ‘Company’ or          an indication that there are changes in facts and circumstances.
‘ICG plc’) is a public company limited by shares, incorporated and          Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements
domiciled in England and Wales under the Companies Act, with the            from the date that control commences until the date that control
company registration number 02234775. The registered office is              ceases. See note 28 which lists the Group’s subsidiaries and
Procession House, 55 Ludgate Hill, New Bridge Street, London                structured entities. Structured entities are funds that are controlled
EC4M 7JW.                                                                   and therefore consolidated by the Group.

The consolidated financial statements for the year to 31 March 2021         Each component of other comprehensive income and profit or
comprise the financial statements of the Parent Company and its             loss is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the ‘Group’). The nature of        non-controlling interests.
the Group’s operations and its principal activities are detailed in the
Strategic Report.                                                           Adjustments are made where required to the financial statements of
                                                                            subsidiaries for consistency with the accounting policies of the
Basis of preparation                                                        Group. All intra-group transactions, balances, unrealised income and
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with              expenses are eliminated on consolidation.
international accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and in accordance with               Critical judgements in the application of accounting policies and key
international financial reporting standards adopted pursuant to             sources of estimation uncertainty
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union.           Critical judgement
                                                                            In preparing the financial statements, apart from those involving
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern              estimations, two critical judgements have been made by the Directors
basis and under the historical cost convention, except for financial        in the application of the Group’s accounting policies:
instruments that are measured at fair value through profit and loss at
the end of the reporting period, as detailed in note 5.                     i.    The Group’s assessment as to whether it controls certain
                                                                                  investee entities and is therefore required to consolidate the
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the Directors              investee, as detailed above. The Group’s assessment of this
are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about                  critical judgement is discussed further in note 28.
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated                   ii.   The application of the Group’s revenue recognition policy.
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors                  Judgement is primarily applied in considering the timings of
that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from                when expected performance conditions will be met and the
these estimates.                                                                  appropriate constraint to be applied. The Group’s assessment is
                                                                                  discussed further in note 3.
The judgements, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are                  Critical estimates
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision   The key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that
affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future       may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
periods if the revision affects both current and future periods. Details    carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year,
of the critical judgements made, and key sources of estimation              results from the Group’s assessment of fair value of its financial assets
uncertainty, are included in the note to which they relate.                 and liabilities discussed further in note 5 and note 7.

The accounting policies as set out in the notes to the accounts have        On 1 January 2021 the United Kingdom’s Withdrawal Agreement from
been applied consistently to all periods presented in these                 the European Union became fully operational, with the transition
consolidated financial statements.                                          period ending 31 December 2020. During the transition period the
                                                                            Group considered the potential impact to its preparation of the
Basis of consolidation                                                      financial statements and in its assessment of areas of critical judgement
The Group’s financial statements consolidate the results of                 and estimation uncertainty based on the varying forms the agreement
Intermediate Capital Group plc and entities controlled by the Parent        could take. The Group expected the impact to the Group to be minimal.
Company for the period to 31 March each year. Control is achieved           Post the agreement being reached, the Group is satisfied that the
when the Company has power over the relevant activities, exposure to        relevant measures put in place have been successful and that there has
variable returns from the investee, and the ability to affect those         been minimal impact to the Group’s financial statements.
returns through its power over the investee.
                                                                            Critical judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty are
                                                                            reviewed by the Audit Committee during the year and its involvement
                                                                            in the process is included in its report on page 70.


132     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Foreign currencies                                                         –– The regulatory and legal environment and any potential conduct
The functional currency of the Company is Sterling as the Company’s           risks which could arise
shares are denominated in sterling and the Company’s costs are             –– The fair value of investments that are not quoted in an active
primarily incurred in Sterling. The Group has determined the                  market, determined by the Group’s valuation techniques described
presentational currency of the Group as the functional currency of the        in note 5
Company. Information is presented to the nearest million (£m).             –– Those entities which are not controlled by the Group but where
                                                                              the Group has a joint venture relationship or has significant
Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated using           influence over an associate and whether they have the ability to
the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. At each        continue as a going concern, these risks have been captured in the
reporting date, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign      Group’s overall fair value assessments of the underlying assets
currency are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the reporting date.      described in note 5.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
that are measured at fair value are translated at the rate prevailing at   The Directors have concluded based on the above assessment that
the date the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are        the preparation of the financial statements on a going concern basis,
measured at historical cost are translated using rates prevailing at the   to 30 September 2022, a period of more than 12 months from the
date of the transaction.                                                   signing of the financial statements, continues to be appropriate.

The assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are           2. Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
translated using the exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date.      New and amended standards and interpretations
Income and expense items are translated using the average exchange         The Group applied for the first time certain standards and
rates during the year. Exchange differences arising from the               amendments, which are effective for annual periods beginning
translation of foreign operations are taken directly to the foreign        on or after 1 January 2020. Other amendments to IFRS not adopted
currency translation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation,          are not material.
exchange differences previously recognised in other comprehensive
income are reclassified to the income statement.                           The Group has not early adopted any other standard, interpretation
                                                                           or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective:
Going concern
The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements,     International Financial Reporting Standards (IAS/IFRS)
a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have                                                                    Accounting periods
adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the                                                                 commencing on or after

foreseeable future. Therefore, they continue to adopt the going            IFRS 16    Leases (Amended) – Covid-19               1 June 2020
concern basis of preparing the financial statements, as detailed in the               Related Rent Concessions
Directors’ report (page 111) and the viability statement (page 57).        IAS 1      Presentation of Financial Statements      1 January 2022
                                                                           IFRS 17    Insurance Contracts                       1 January 2023
In preparing these financial statements on a going concern basis the
Directors have considered the following matters and have taken into        Changes in significant accounting policies
account the uncertainty created by Covid-19:                               Amendments to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and IAS 39 Interest Rate
                                                                           Benchmark Reform
–– The enhanced risk reporting implemented during the year                 The amendments to IFRS 9 and IAS 39 Financial Instruments:
   including consideration of key market, credit and liquidity risks       Recognition and Measurement provide a number of reliefs, which
   against parameters for risk appetite and tolerance                      apply to all hedging relationships that are directly affected by interest
–– The operational resilience of the Group’s critical functions to         rate benchmark reform. A hedging relationship is affected if the
   maintain risk management and compliance, including IT, Finance,         reform gives rise to uncertainty about the timing and/or amount of
   Treasury and Operations                                                 benchmark based cash flows of the hedged item or the hedging
–– Operational resilience of third parties, which is closely monitored     instrument. These amendments have no impact on the consolidated
–– The effect of the Group’s closed-end fund business model in             financial statements of the Group as it does not have any interest rate
   mitigating fund redemption risk and providing security of revenue       hedge relationships.
–– The fundraising performance of the Group over the financial year
–– The performance of the underlying funds and the corresponding           The Financial Conduct Authority and the Bank of England have
   impact on future performance fees (see note 3)                          imposed significant interest rate benchmarking reform. As a result,
                                                                           there will be the imminent cessation of LIBOR. LIBOR publication
–– The adequacy of the Group’s capital and liquidity. The revised
                                                                           (other than for certain USD rates) is expected to cease by 31
   macro-economic scenarios were significantly less severe than
                                                                           December 2021. Those instruments within the Group that may have
   those used in the ICAAP reverse stress test and are discussed in
                                                                           exposure to the cessation of LIBOR will apply the practical expedient
   the viability statement on page 57
                                                                           as permitted under the transition rules. The impact of this application
–– Debt facilities and covenant compliance                                 is not expected to be material to the Group.



                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021               133
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




2. Changes in accounting policies and disclosures                         Prior year restatements arising from FRC enquiry
continued                                                                 As a result of the FRC enquiry the following restatements have
FRC correspondence                                                        been made:
In February 2021, the Company received a letter from the Corporate
Reporting Review Team of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) as         The Parent Company cash flow statement for the prior year has been
part of its regular review and assessment of the quality of corporate     restated. The company reclassified and presented on a gross basis
reporting in the UK, requesting further information in relation to the    certain cash flows, which were previously offset and presented on an
Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts . The letter focused on         aggregated basis within investing cash flows (‘Cash flow on behalf of
(a) the significant judgement in respect of non-consolidation of          subsidiary undertakings’ line) of £395.6m. As a result, the following
carried interest partnerships and (b) the cashflow statement.             restatements were made:
Following the review, certain line items have been restated in the
Group Statement of Changes in Equity, the Parent Company Cashflow         –– £67.8m cash outflow has been reclassified as ‘Cash paid in respect
Statement and, the Parent Company Statement of Financial Position.           of group investing activities (acquisition of long-term assets)
The Company has also adopted a number of recommendations in                  within Investing activities
preparing its 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. We remain in               –– £89.8m cash outflow has been reclassified as ‘Investment in
correspondence with the FRC in respect of their outstanding                  subsidiaries’ within Investing activities
enquiries on the non-consolidation of the carried interest                –– £270.3m cash inflow has been reclassified as ‘Increase in amounts
partnerships and aspects of the cashflow presentation.                       owed to subsidiaries’ within Financing activities
                                                                          –– £301.3m cash inflow has been reclassified from Investing activities
When reviewing the Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts,                as ‘Increase in amounts owed to subsidiaries (receipts of
the FRC has asked us to make clear the limitations of its review are as      proceeds from long-term assets)’ within Financing activities
follows: its review is based on the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts       –– £151.0m cash outflows have been reclassified as follows: £64.1m to
only and does not benefit from a detailed knowledge of the Group’s           ‘Increase in amounts owed by subsidiaries’ line in the investing
business or an understanding of the underlying transactions entered          activities and £86.9m ‘Repayment of amounts owed to
into; communications from the FRC provide no assurance that the              subsidiaries’ within Financing activities
Company’s 2020 Annual Report and Accounts are correct in all
material respects and are made on the basis that the FRC (and its         Cash inflows of £132.2m previously described as ‘Cash flow on behalf
officers, employees and agents) accepts no liability for reliance on      of subsidiary undertaking’ have been reported as ‘Cash received in
them by the Company or any third party, including but not limited to      respect of group investing activities (proceeds from long-term
investors and shareholders; and the FRC’s role is not to verify           assets).
information provided but to consider compliance with reporting
requirements.                                                             The Parent Company Trade and other receivables (see note 20) and
                                                                          the Group Own Shares reserve (see note 24) have been restated.
Change of accounting policy
The Group and Parent Company have adopted the indirect method             Other restatements
for the presentation of the cash flow statement for the first time        Balances as at 31 March 2020 within the Consolidated and Parent
during the year and have represented the prior year on a consistent       Company statements of comprehensive income, note 5, note 16, note
basis. The adoption of the indirect method brings the Group in line       20 and note 21 have been restated.
with the presentation adopted by its peers.




134    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
3. Revenue                                                                           Within this forecast period, the Directors will consider funds that have
Revenue and its related cashflows, within the scope of IFRS 15                       either reached their hurdle rate or are expected to reach the hurdle
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, are derived from the                          rate in the forecast period. In determining whether a fund is expected
Group’s fund management company activities and are presented net                     to reach the hurdle rate, the key inputs are the latest expected
of any rebates payable to a customer. The significant components of                  repayment dates of the underlying assets and expected proceeds on
the Group’s fund management revenues are as follows:                                 realisation, as approved by the fund Investment Committee and the
                                                                                     Executive Directors.
                                                              2021            2020
Type of contract/service                                       £m               £m
Management fees1                                           325.0           256.2     Where the hurdle date is expected to be reached within 24 months of
Other income                                                 6.2             9.9     the year end but performance fees are not yet paid, a constraint will
Fee and other operating income                             331.2           266.1     be applied to the performance fee receivable. Application of the
                                                                                     constraint limits the revenue recognised. This is assessed by the
1. Included within management fees is £65.3m (2020: £23.5m) of performance related
   fees.                                                                             Directors on a case-by-case basis.

Management fees                                                                      The weighted-average constraint at the reporting date is 42.7%. If the
The Group earns management fees from its performance of                              average constraint were to increase by 10% (on a relative basis) this
investment management services. Management fees are charged on                       would result in a reduction in revenue of £3.0m. Conversely, a 10%
third-party capital managed by the Group and are based on an agreed                  decrease in constraint would result in an increase in revenue of £2.5m
percentage of either committed capital, invested capital or net asset                being recognised in the income statement. In certain limited
value (NAV), dependent on the fund. Management fees are variable-                    circumstances performance fees received may be subject to clawback
fee revenue streams which relate to one performance obligation and                   provisions if the performance of the fund deteriorates materially
both a non-performance and performance related fee element.                          following the receipt of performance fees.
Non-performance related management fees for the year of £259.7m
(2020: £232.7m) are charged in arrears and are recognised in the                     4. Segmental reporting
period services are performed.                                                       For management purposes, the Group is organised into two operating
                                                                                     segments, the Fund Management Company (FMC) and the Investment
Performance-related management fees (‘performance fees’) are                         Company (IC) which are also reportable segments. In identifying the
recognised only to the extent it is highly probable that there will not              Group’s reportable segments management considered the basis of
be a significant reversal of the revenue recognised in the future. This              organisation of the Group’s activities, the economic characteristics of
is generally towards the end of the performance period or upon early                 the operating segments and the type of products and services from
liquidation of a fund. The estimate of performance fees is made with                 which each reportable segment derives its revenues.
reference to the liquidation profile of the fund, which factors in
portfolio exits and timeframes. For certain funds the estimate of                    The Executive Directors monitor the operating results of the FMC and
performance fees is made with reference to specific performance                      the IC for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation
requirements. A constraint is applied to the estimate to reflect                     and performance assessment. The Group does not aggregate
uncertainty of future fund performance. Performance fees of £65.3m                   the FMC and IC as those segments do not have similar economic
(2020: £23.5m) have been recognised in the year. Performance                         characteristics. Information about these segments is presented below.
related fees will only be crystallised and subsequently received in
cash when a performance hurdle is met.                                               The FMC earns fee income for the provision of investment
                                                                                     management services and incurs the majority of the Group’s costs in
There are no other individually significant components of revenue                    delivering these services, including the cost of the investment teams,
from contracts with customers.                                                       as well as the cost of support functions supporting the investment
                                                                                     teams, primarily marketing, operations, information technology and
Critical judgement                                                                   human resources.
A significant judgement for the Group is whether performance-
related fees will meet their expected performance conditions and                     The IC is charged a management fee of 1% of the carrying value of the
within the expected timeframes. The Group bases its assessment on                    average investment portfolio by the FMC and this is shown below as
the best available information pertaining to the funds and the activity              Inter-segmental fee. The costs of finance, treasury and legal teams,
of the underlying assets within that fund. The valuation of the                      and the other group costs primarily related to being a listed entity, are
underlying assets within a fund will be subject to fluctuations in the               allocated to the IC. The remuneration of the Executive Directors is
future, including the impact of macroeconomic factors outside the                    allocated equally to the FMC and the IC.
Group’s control. The best available information to apply this
judgement is using the liquidation NAV of the relevant funds which
are subject to audit annually. The Directors base their projected views
on a 24-month look-forward basis, the ‘forecast period’, from the
year end. The Directors believe they have a reasonable basis on which
to judge expected exits and value within a two year horizon, but not
beyond that.

                                                                                                             ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          135
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




4. Segmental reporting continued
The amounts reported for management purposes in the tables below are reconciled to the IFRS reported amounts on the following pages.
                                                                       Year ended 31 March 2021                            Year ended 31 March 2020
                                                                                                     Reportable                                          Reportable
                                                                      FMC                IC       segments Total        FMC                  IC       segments Total
                                                                       £m               £m                   £m          £m                 £m                   £m
External fee income                                                333.7                –               333.7        277.8                  –               277.8
Inter-segmental fee                                                 21.4           (21.4)                   –          22.4            (22.4)                   –
Other operating income                                                 –              2.6                 2.6             –                 –                   –
Fund management fee income                                         355.1           (18.8)               336.3        300.2             (22.4)               277.8
Net investment returns                                                 –           445.1                445.1             –             49.4                 49.4
Dividend income                                                     33.4                –                33.4          41.2                 –                41.2
Total revenue                                                     388.5            426.3                814.8        341.4              27.0               368.4
Interest expense                                                       –           (55.5)               (55.5)            –            (57.8)               (57.8)
Net fair value (loss)/gain on derivatives                              –             (7.3)               (7.3)            –             26.6                 26.6
Staff costs                                                       (63.3)           (12.4)               (75.7)       (55.7)             (8.9)              (64.6)
Incentive scheme costs                                             (73.1)          (30.4)              (103.5)       (56.8)            (47.5)             (104.3)
Other administrative expenses                                     (49.8)            (15.3)              (65.1)       (45.8)             (11.7)              (57.5)
Profit before tax                                                 202.3            305.4                507.7         183.1            (72.3)               110.8

Reconciliation of amounts reported to the Executive Directors to the financial statements reported under IFRS
Included in the following tables are statutory adjustments made to the following:

–– All income generated from Investment Company investments is presented as net investment returns for reportable segments purposes,
   whereas under IFRS it is presented within gains on investments and other operating income. Total reportable segment figures are alternative
   performance measures (‘APMs’).
–– The structured entities controlled by the Group are presented as fair value investments for reportable segments, whereas the statutory
   financial statements present these entities on a consolidated basis.

Consolidated income statement
                                                                                                                   Reportable     Consolidated             Financial
                                                                                                                    segments           entities          statements
Year ended 31 March 2021                                                                                                  £m                £m                  £m
– Fund management fee income                                                                                          333.7              (8.7)             325.0
– Other operating income                                                                                                2.6                3.6                6.2
Fee and other operating income                                                                                       336.3                (5.1)             331.2
– Dividend income                                                                                                      33.4            (33.4)                   –
– Net fair value gain/(loss) on derivatives                                                                               –              (9.4)              (9.4)
Finance income                                                                                                         33.4            (42.8)               (9.4)
Net investment returns/Gains on investments                                                                          445.1               62.3              507.4
Total revenue                                                                                                        814.8               14.4              829.2
– Interest expense                                                                                                   (55.5)               (1.3)            (56.8)
– Net fair value gain/(loss) on derivatives                                                                            (7.3)               7.3                  –
Finance costs                                                                                                        (62.8)                6.0             (56.8)
– Staff costs                                                                                                         (75.7)             (0.1)             (75.8)
– Incentive scheme costs                                                                                            (103.5)                  –            (103.5)
– Other administrative expenses                                                                                       (65.1)            (18.7)             (83.8)
Administrative expenses                                                                                            (244.3)             (18.8)             (263.1)
Share of results of joint venture accounted for using equity method                                                       –                0.2                0.2
Profit before tax                                                                                                    507.7                 1.8             509.5
Tax charge                                                                                                           (45.0)              (3.5)             (48.5)
Profit after tax                                                                                                     462.7                (1.7)            461.0




136       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                               Reportable   Consolidated      Financial
                                                                                segments         entities   statements
Year ended 31 March 2020                                                              £m              £m           £m
– Fund management fee income                                                     277.8          (21.6)        256.2
– Other operating income                                                             –             9.9           9.9
Fee and other operating income                                                   277.8           (11.7)       266.1
– Interest income                                                                    –             0.5           0.5
– Dividend income                                                                 41.2          (41.2)             –
– Net fair value gain on derivatives                                                 –            29.6          29.6
Finance income                                                                    41.2            (11.1)        30.1
Net investment returns/Gains on investments                                       49.4           68.0          117.4
Total revenue                                                                   368.4             45.2        413.6
– Interest expense                                                               (57.8)           (0.5)       (58.3)
– Net fair value gain/(loss) on derivatives                                       26.6          (26.6)             –
Finance costs                                                                    (31.2)          (27.1)       (58.3)
– Staff costs                                                                   (64.6)             0.4        (64.2)
– Incentive scheme costs                                                       (104.3)                –      (104.3)
– Other administrative expenses                                                  (57.5)         (15.4)        (72.9)
Administrative expenses                                                        (226.4)          (15.0)       (241.4)
Share of results of joint venture accounted for using equity method                  –             0.6           0.6
Profit before tax                                                                110.8              3.7        114.5
Tax charge                                                                        (1.6)           (2.3)         (3.9)
Profit after tax                                                                109.2               1.4        110.6

Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                             2021
                                                                               Reportable   Consolidated      Financial
                                                                                segments         entities   statements
                                                                                      £m              £m           £m
Non-current financial assets                                                   2,492.8        3,774.1       6,266.9
Other non-current assets                                                          156.3           2.5         158.8
Cash                                                                             296.9         284.3          581.2
Current financial assets                                                          108.9          65.2          174.1
Other current assets                                                              139.3         143.6         282.9
Total assets                                                                   3,194.2       4,269.7        7,463.9
Non-current financial liabilities                                              1,407.7       3,770.9        5,178.6
Other non-current liabilities                                                      50.8          (8.2)         42.6
Current financial liabilities                                                       8.8         175.6         184.4
Other current liabilities                                                         107.4         328.7         436.1
Total liabilities                                                               1,574.7      4,267.0        5,841.7
Equity                                                                          1,619.5           2.7       1,622.2
Total equity and liabilities                                                   3,194.2       4,269.7        7,463.9


                                                                                             2020
                                                                               Reportable   Consolidated      Financial
                                                                                segments         entities   statements
                                                                                      £m              £m           £m
Non-current financial assets                                                   2,196.8        3,298.3        5,495.1
Other non-current assets                                                          60.0            12.1           72.1
Cash                                                                             947.9          139.0       1,086.9
Current financial assets                                                           12.8             –            12.8
Other current assets                                                             240.0           111.1          351.1
Total assets                                                                   3,457.5        3,560.5       7,018.0
Non-current financial liabilities                                              1,669.6        3,329.3       4,998.9
Other non-current liabilities                                                      43.0           0.4           43.4
Current financial liabilities                                                    256.0              –         256.0
Other current liabilities                                                        182.4          226.6         409.0
Total liabilities                                                               2,151.0       3,556.3        5,707.3
Equity                                                                         1,306.5            4.2        1,310.7
Total equity and liabilities                                                   3,457.5        3,560.5       7,018.0

                                                                      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021          137
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




4. Segmental reporting continued
Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                          Reportable     structured       Financial
                                                                                           segments         entities    statements
                                                                                                 £m              £m            £m
Profit/(Loss) before tax from continuing operations			                                      507.7              1.8        509.5
Adjustments for non-cash items
Interest and dividend income                                                                   –               –              –
Fee and other operating income                                                            (336.3)            5.1         (331.2)
Net investment returns                                                                    (445.1)          (62.3)       (507.4)
Net fair value gains on derivatives                                                          7.3             2.1            9.4
Interest expense                                                                            55.5             1.3           56.8
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, equipment, and intangible assets     19.2               –           19.2
Share based payment expense                                                                 26.9               –           26.9
Working capital changes:
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables                                                    (6.6)         (28.8)          (35.4)
Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables                                            (32.4)          119.6            87.2
Cash generated from /(used in) operations                                                 (203.8)           38.8         (165.0)
Proceeds from sale of current financial assets and disposal groups                           27.1              –            27.1
Purchase of current financial assets and disposal groups                                   (79.6)              –          (79.6)
Purchase of investments                                                                   (454.6)      (2,381.5)       (2,836.1)
Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments                                          402.8        2,435.7         2,838.5
Interest and dividend income received                                                       86.6          170.5            257.1
Fee and other operating income received                                                    305.2          (20.1)           285.1
Interest paid                                                                              (58.6)        (131.2)         (189.8)
Taxes paid                                                                                 (26.3)              –          (26.3)
Net cash flows from /(used in) operating activities                                          (1.2)         112.2           111.0
Investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                (3.9)              –          (3.9)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                    (6.9)              –          (6.9)
Net cashflow from derivative financial instruments                                            41.1           (0.5)         40.6
Cashflow as a result of change in control of subsidiary                                         –            34.9          34.9
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                     30.3            34.4          64.7
Financing activities
Purchase of own shares                                                                         –                –             –
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                           (6.8)               –          (6.8)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                       –                –             –
Repayment of long-term borrowings                                                         (495.6)               –       (495.6)
Dividends paid to equity holders of the parent                                            (150.9)               –       (150.9)
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                               (653.3)               –       (653.3)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash                                                           (624.2)          146.6        (477.6)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                    (26.8)            (1.3)        (28.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                                       947.9           139.0       1,086.9
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                                      296.9           284.3          581.2




138    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                               2020 (restated)
                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                  Reportable         structured       Financial
                                                                                                   segments             entities    statements
                                                                                                         £m                  £m            £m
Profit/(Loss) before tax from continuing operations                                                  110.8                 3.7         114.5
Adjustments for non-cash items:
Interest and dividend income                                                                             –              (0.5)           (0.5)
Fee and other operating income                                                                     (277.8)               11.7        (266.1)
Net investment returns                                                                              (49.4)             (68.0)         (117.4)
Net fair value gains on derivatives                                                                 (26.6)              (3.0)         (29.6)
Interest expense                                                                                      57.8               0.5            58.3
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, equipment and intangible assets               10.6                   –           10.6
Share based payment expense                                                                           25.2                  –           25.2
Working capital changes:
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables                                                               55.5           (23.8)             31.7
Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables                                                     (84.6)             76.2             (8.4)
Cash used in operations                                                                            (178.5)             (3.2)          (181.7)
Proceeds from sale of current financial assets and disposal groups                                   182.8                –            182.8
Purchase of current financial assets and disposal groups                                           (102.0)                –          (102.0)
Purchase of investments                                                                            (333.8)         (2,342.1)       (2,675.9)
Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments                                                    435.5          2,272.8         2,708.3
Interest and dividend income received                                                               100.8             184.4            285.2
Fee and other operating income received                                                              265.1                –            265.1
Interest paid                                                                                       (49.0)           (120.7)         (169.7)
Taxes paid                                                                                            (11.2)              –             (11.2)
Net cash flows from / (used in) operating activities                                                309.7              (8.8)          300.9
Investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                         (6.1)                –            (6.1)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                            (4.0)                 –           (4.0)
Net cashflow from derivative financial instruments                                                  (26.9)                 –          (26.9)
Cashflow as a result of change in control of subsidiary                                                  –             (37.0)         (37.0)
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                         (37.0)             (37.0)         (74.0)
Financing activities
Purchase of own shares                                                                              (40.3)                 –          (40.3)
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                     (3.8)                –            (3.8)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                            800.6                  –          800.6
Repayment of long-term borrowings                                                                  (142.5)                 –         (142.5)
Dividends paid to equity holders of the parent                                                     (142.8)                 –         (142.8)
Net cash from financing activities                                                                   471.2                 –           471.2
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                743.9              (45.8)         698.1
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                               40.8              (6.0)           34.8
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                                                 163.2             190.8          354.0
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                                               947.9              139.0        1,086.9




                                                                                         ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              139
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




4. Segmental reporting continued
Geographical analysis of non-current financial assets
                                                                                                                                   2021          2020
                                                                                                                                    £m             £m
Europe                                                                                                                        3,220.9        2,759.9
Asia Pacific                                                                                                                    247.0          218.3
North America                                                                                                                 2,796.6        2,516.9
                                                                                                                              6,264.5        5,495.1

Geographical analysis of group revenue
                                                                                                                                   2021          2020
                                                                                                                                    £m             £m
Europe                                                                                                                           576.0         286.0
Asia Pacific                                                                                                                      67.5           31.7
North America                                                                                                                    185.7          95.9
                                                                                                                                 829.2         413.6

5. Financial assets
 Accounting policy
 Financial assets
 Financial assets can be classified into the following categories: Amortised cost, Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) and Fair Value
 Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI). The Group has classified all invested financial assets at FVTPL.

 Financial assets at FVTPL are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair value. A valuation assessment is performed on a recurring
 basis with gains or losses arising from changes in fair value recognised through net gains on investments in the consolidated income
 statement. Dividends or interest earned on the financial assets, are included in the net gains on investments.

 Where the Group holds investments in a number of financial instruments such as debt and equity through a portfolio company, the Group
 views their entire investment as a unit of account for valuation purposes. Industry standard valuation guidelines such as the International
 Private Equity and Venture Capital valuation guidelines (’IPEV’), December 2018, allows for a level of aggregation where there are a number of
 financial instruments held within a portfolio company.

 Recognition of financial assets
 When the Group invests in the capital structure of a portfolio company, these assets are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair
 value, and transaction costs are written off to the consolidated income statement immediately.

 Derecognition of financial assets
 The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when substantially all the risks
 and rewards of ownership of the asset are transferred to another party. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference
 between the asset’s carrying value amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable, is recognised in profit or loss.

 Offsetting of financial assets
 Financial assets and liabilities are only offset, and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when the Group has a legal
 right to offset the amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

 Key sources of estimation uncertainty on financial assets
 Fair value is the amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or liability settled, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s length
 transaction at the measurement date. The fair value of investments is based on quoted prices, where available. Where quoted prices are not
 available, the fair value is estimated in line with IFRS and industry standard valuation guidelines such as IPEV for direct investments in portfolio
 companies, and the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (RICs) valuation – Global Standards 2020 for investment property. These valuation
 techniques can be subjective and include assumptions which are not supportable by observable data. Details of the valuation techniques and
 the associated sensitivities are further disclosed in this note on page 144.

 Given the subjectivity of investments in private companies, senior and subordinated notes of CLO vehicles and investments in investment
 property, these are key sources of estimation uncertainty, and as such the valuations are approved by the Fund Investment Committees and
 Group Valuation Committee. The unobservable inputs relative to these investments are further detailed below.



140    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
 Accounting policy continued
 Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position
 The information set out below provides information about how the Group and Company determines fair values of various financial assets and
 financial liabilities, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable.

 –– Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 –– Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
    asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
 –– Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based
    on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs)

 This is followed by a more detailed analysis of the financial instruments which are based on unobservable inputs (Level 3 assets).

Fair value hierarchy
The following table summarises the valuation of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities by fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                2021                                                      2020 (restated)2
                                                                           Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total           Level 1        Level 2          Level 3        Total
Group                                                                         £m              £m             £m              £m               £m             £m               £m            £m
Financial assets
Investments with managed funds1                                              11.7              –       1,802.1        1,813.8              18.0                –       1,323.4         1,341.4
Investments in loans held in consolidated credit
funds2                                                                          –      3,978.3           168.6       4,146.9                  –       3,568.7              31.1       3,599.8
Derivative assets                                                               –         111.9              –          111.9                 –          139.3               –           139.3
Investments in private companies3                                               –             –          234.6         234.6                  –              –           434.0          434.0
Senior and subordinated notes of CLO vehicles                                   –        106.6            27.2          133.8                 –           97.8            32.4          130.2
Disposal groups held for sale                                                   –             –           57.4           57.4                 –              –               –               –
Total assets                                                                 11.7      4,196.8         2,289.9       6,498.4               18.0       3,805.8          1,820.9        5,644.7

Financial liabilities
Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit
funds4                                                                          –    (3,619.5)         (263.4) (3,882.9)                       –     (3,329.3)                 –     (3,329.3)
Derivative liabilities                                                          –       (99.9)              –     (99.9)                       –        (107.1)                –        (107.1)
Disposal groups held for sale                                                   –           –            (4.8)     (4.8)                       –             –                 –             –
Total liabilities                                                               –    (3,719.4)         (268.2) (3,987.6)                       –     (3,436.4)                 –     (3,436.4)
1. Level 3 Investments with managed funds includes £36.0m Senior Debt (2020: £36.8m), £1,355.5m Subordinated debt and equity (2020: £929.8m), £195.1m of Real Assets
   (2020: £216.7m), and £215.5m Private equity secondaries (2020: £140.1m).
2. Level 3 Investment in loans held in consolidated credit funds for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 has been restated with £31.1m included within Level 3 as at 1 April 2019.
3. Level 3 Investment in private companies includes £129.5m Subordinated debt and equity (2020: £369.7m) and £105.1m of Real Assets (2020: £64.3m). Disposal groups held for sale
   was included in Investment in private companies in the prior period.
4. During the year the Directors reviewed the valuation methodology for the Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit funds and, while noting that there was no change in
   approach, the classification of £263.4m of these liabilities as level 3 better represented the observability of the underlying valuation inputs. If this policy was applied at 31 March 2020,
   £182.7m of Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit funds would have been classified as level 3. The movement of these liabilities to level 3 were included as a Transfer to
   level 3 of £182.7m in the 2021 reconciliation (see page 143).

Fair value hierarchy
The following table summarises the valuation of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities by fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                2021                                                           2020
                                                                           Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total           Level 1        Level 2          Level 3        Total
Company                                                                       £m              £m             £m              £m               £m             £m               £m            £m
Financial assets
Investments with managed funds                                            136.2               –          179.8          316.0             123.7              –            251.7         375.4
Derivative assets                                                             –            46.7              –           46.7                 –           84.5                –          84.5
Investment in private companies                                               –               –          189.3          189.3                 –              –            211.2          211.2
Senior and subordinated notes of CLO vehicles                                 –               –            9.2            9.2                 –              –             12.1           12.1
Total assets                                                              136.2            46.7          378.3          561.2             123.7           84.5           475.0          683.2

Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities                                                          –        (36.7)               –         (36.7)                 –         (53.3)                –        (53.3)
Total liabilities                                                               –        (36.7)               –         (36.7)                 –         (53.3)                –        (53.3)

                                                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                      141
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




5. Financial assets continued
Valuations
Investment in managed funds
When fair values of publicly traded closed-ended funds and open-ended funds are based on quoted market prices in an active market for
identical assets without any adjustments, the instruments are included within Level 1 of the hierarchy. The Group values these investments at bid
price for long positions and ask price for short positions.

The Group also co-invests with funds, including credit and private equity secondary funds, which are not quoted in an active market. The Group
considers the valuation techniques and inputs used by these funds to ensure they are reasonable, appropriate and consistent with the principles of fair
value. The NAV of these funds are generally used as an input into measuring their fair value. The NAV of the funds are adjusted, as necessary, to
reflect restrictions on redemptions, and other specific factors relevant to the funds. In measuring fair value, consideration is also given to any
transactions in the interests of the funds. The Group classifies these funds as Level 3.

Investment in private companies
The Group takes debt and equity stakes in private companies that are not quoted in an active market and uses a market-based valuation
technique for these positions.

The Group’s investments in private companies are carried at fair value using the most appropriate valuation technique based on the nature, facts
and circumstances of the private company. The primary valuation technique is typically an earnings multiple technique. The Enterprise Value (EV)
of the portfolio company is determined by applying an earnings multiple, taken from comparable companies, to the portfolio company. The Group
determines comparable private and public companies, based on industry, size, location, leverage and strategy, and calculates an appropriate
multiple for each comparable company identified. Where necessary a discounted cashflow ‘DCF’ approach is adopted. Fair value is determined
by discounting the expected future cashflows of the portfolio company to the present value. Various assumptions are utilised as inputs, such as
terminal value and the appropriate discount rate to apply. Typically, the DCF is then calibrated alongside an earnings multiple approach.
Alternate valuation techniques may be used where there is a recent offer or a recent comparable market transaction, which may provide an
observable market price and an approximation to fair value of the private company. The Group classified these assets as Level 3.

Investment in loans held in consolidated structured entities
In the absence of quoted prices in an active market, the loan asset portfolios of the consolidated structured entities are valued using observable
inputs such as recently executed transaction prices in securities of the issuer or comparable issuers and from independent loan pricing sources.
To the extent that the significant inputs are observable, the Group classifies these investments as Level 2, other assets are classified as Level 3.

Derivative assets and liabilities
The Group uses widely recognised valuation models for determining fair values of over-the-counter interest rate swaps, currency swaps and
forward foreign exchange contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models, using present
value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including both credit and debit valuation adjustments for counterparty and own credit
risk, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves. For these financial instruments, significant inputs into models are market
observable and are included within Level 2.

Senior and subordinated notes of CLO vehicles
The Group holds investments in the senior and subordinated notes of the CLOs it manages, predominately driven by EU risk-retention
requirements. The Group employs DCF analysis to fair value these investments, using several inputs including constant annual default rates,
prepayments rates, reinvestment rates, recovery rates and discount rates.

The DCF analysis at the reporting date shows that the senior notes are expected to recover all contractual cashflows, including under stressed scenarios,
over the life of the CLOs. Unobservable inputs are used in determining the fair value of subordinated notes, which are therefore classified as Level 3
instruments. Observable inputs are used in determining the fair value of senior notes and these instruments are therefore classified as Level 2.

Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit funds
Rated debt liabilities of consolidated CLOs are generally marked at par plus accrued interest, which we assess as fair value, as evidenced by the
general availability of market prices and discounting spreads for rated debt liabilities of CLOs. This is consistent with the marking approach of
the rated debt assets held in the unconsolidated CLOs. As a result we deem these liabilities as Level 2.

Unrated/subordinated debt liabilities of consolidated CLOs are marked directly in line with the fair value of the CLOs’ underlying loan asset
portfolios. These underlying assets comprise observable loan securities traded in active markets. The underlying assets are reported in both
Level 2 and Level 3. As a result of this methodology deriving the valuation of unrated/subordinated debt liabilities from a combination of Level 2
and Level 3 asset values, we deem these liabilities to be Level 3.


142     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Real assets
To the extent that the Group invests in real estate assets, whether through an investment in a managed fund or an investment in a private
company, the underlying assets may be a debt instrument or property classified as investment property in accordance with IAS 40 Investment
Property. The fair value of the directly held investment properties have been recorded based on independent valuations prepared by third-party
real estate valuation specialists in line with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Valuation – Global Standards 2020. At the end of each
reporting period, the Group reviews its assessment of the fair value of each property, taking into account the most recent independent
valuations. The Directors determine a property value within a range of reasonable fair value estimates, based on information provided.
All resulting fair value estimates for properties are included in Level 3.

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets1
The following tables sets out the movements in reoccurring financial assets valued using the Level 3 basis of measurement in aggregate. Within
the income statement, realised gains and fair value movements are included within gains on investments, and foreign exchange gains/(losses) are
included within finance costs.
                                                                                                                                                                         2020 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                            2021 Financial assets                classified as
                                                                                                                                             classified as FVTPL            FVTPL(restated)2
Group                                                                                                                                                         £m                           £m
At 1 April                                                                                                                                             1,820.9                      1,960.2
Total gains or losses in the income statement
– Net gains on investment                                                                                                                                390.8                         117.3
– Foreign exchange                                                                                                                                       (96.2)                         36.0
Purchases                                                                                                                                               490.4                          391.2
Disposals                                                                                                                                               (461.1)                      (585.1)
Transfer between levels                                                                                                                                   145.1                       (98.7)
At 31 March                                                                                                                                            2,289.9                      1,820.9

                                                                                                                                            2021 Financial assets        2020 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                             classified as FVTPL           classified as FVTPL
Company                                                                                                                                                       £m                            £m
At 1 April                                                                                                                                                475.0                         397.7
Total gains or losses in the income statement
– Net gains on investment                                                                                                                                 56.1                          25.2
– Foreign exchange                                                                                                                                       (14.6)                           9.5
Purchases                                                                                                                                                 87.2                           71.2
Disposals                                                                                                                                               (225.4)                        (28.5)
Transfer between levels                                                                                                                                      –                          (0.1)
At 31 March                                                                                                                                              378.3                         475.0

1. The presentation of these tables has been updated to include both current and non-current Level 3 assets. The comparatives have been re-presented accordingly with the balance at
   1 April 2020 increased by £123.9m (excluding the restatement noted below).
2. Level 3 Investment in loans held in consolidated credit funds for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 has been restated with £31.1m included within Level 3 as at 1 April 2019.

Transfers in and out of Level 3 financial assets were due to changes to the observability of inputs used in the valuation of these assets.

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial liabilities
The following tables sets out the movements in reoccurring financial liabilities valued using the Level 3 basis of measurement in aggregate. Within
the income statement, realised gains and fair value movements are included within gains on investments, and foreign exchange gains/(losses) are
included within finance costs.
                                                                                                                                          2021 Financial liabilities   2020 Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                             classified as FVTPL          classified as FVTPL
Group                                                                                                                                                            £m                           £m
At 1 April                                                                                                                                                       –                            –
Total gains or losses in the income statement
– Realised gains                                                                                                                                              –                               –
– Fair value gains                                                                                                                                         29.9                               –
– Foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                                                                                          21.0                               –
Purchases                                                                                                                                                  29.8                               –
Disposal groups held for sale                                                                                                                               4.8                               –
Transfer between levels                                                                                                                                   182.7                               –
At 31 March                                                                                                                                               268.2                               –




                                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                              143
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




5. Financial assets continued
During the year the Directors reviewed the valuation methodology for the Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit funds and, while noting
that there was no change in approach, the classification of £263.4m of these liabilities as level 3 better represented the observability of the
underlying valuation inputs. If this policy was applied at 31 March 2020, £182.7m of Borrowings and loans held in consolidated credit funds would
have been classified as level 3. The movement of these liabilities to level 3 were included as a Transfer to level 3 of £182.7m in the 2021 reconciliation.

Valuation inputs and sensitivity analysis to significant changes in unobservable inputs within Level 3 hierarchy. The following table summarises
the inputs and estimates used for items categorised in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis.
                             Fair Value   Fair Value                                                                                                                             Effect on Fair
                              31 March     31 March                                                                                        Weighted                                     Value5
                                  2021         2020    Primary Valuation           Key Unobservable                                     Average/ Fair   Sensitivity/            31 March 2021
Group Assets                        £m           £m    Technique1                  Inputs                                       Range    Value Inputs   Scenarios                           £m
Corporate –
subordinated debt                                      Market comparable                                                                                +10% Earnings
and equity2                 1,485.0 1,299.5            companies                   Earnings Multiple                  4.5x – 25.0x            9.9x      Multiple2                    103.9
                                                       Discounted                  Discount rate                      8.2% – 11.2%           8.0%       -10% Earnings              (104.6)
                                                       cash flow                   Exit multiple                       5.0x – 12.0x           8.6x      Multiple2
Real estate                    357.6       281.0       Third-party valuation       N/A                                         N/A            N/A       +10% Valuation                 35.8
                                                       LTV-based                                                                                        -10% Valuation                (35.8)
                                                       impairment model
Private equity                                                                                                                                          10%
secondaries3                   215.5       140.1       Third-party valuation N/A                                                 N/A           N/A      Valuation3                      21.6
                                                                                                                                                        -10%
                                                                                                                                                        Valuation3                    (21.6)
Corporate – Senior                                     Discounted
debt                            36.0         36.8      cash flow                   Probability of Default                    4.5%            4.5%       Upside Case                      0.1
                                                                                   Loss Given Default                       19.9%           19.9%       Downside Case                   (0.3)
                                                                                   Maturity of Loan                        3 years         3 years
                                                                                   Effective Interest Rate            8.7% – 9.0%            9.0%
Subordinated notes
of CLO vehicles4                27.2         32.4      Scenario analysis           Discount rate                               11.5%         11.5%
                                                       Discounted                  Next 12 months Annual
                                                       cash flow                   Default Rate                       3.0% – 6.0%             4.5%      Upside Case4                    15.4
                                                                                   Subsequent months
                                                                                   Default Rate                                3.0%          3.0%       Downside Case4                (35.8)
                                                                                   Prepayment rate                            20.0%         20.0%
                                                                                   Recovery rate                              75.0%         75.0%
                                                                                   Reinvestment rate                          99.5%         99.5%
Investments in loans
held in structured                                                                                                                                      10% Valuation                  16.9
entities               168.6     31.1                  Third-party valuation N/A                                                 N/A           N/A      -10% Valuation                (16.9)
Total assets         2,289.9 1,820.9
Borrowings and
loans held in                                                                                                                                           10% Valuation                  26.3
structured entities   (263.4)      –                   Third-party valuation N/A                                                 N/A           N/A      -10% Valuation                (26.3)
Disposal group
held for sale           (4.8)
Total liabilities     (268.2)      –
1. Where the Group has co-invested with its managed funds, it is the type of the underlying investment, and the valuation techniques used for these underlying investments, set out here.
   Where the Group has invested directly into private companies, included above is the type of investment and the valuation technique used.
2. In respect of investments valued using the DCF approach, the earnings multiple is used for this sensitivity analysis. This includes investments in infrastructure.
3. The implied multiple of invested capital, that currently range from 0.8x to 2.6x (weighted average: 1.5x) have been used for this sensitivity analysis.
4. The sensitivity analysis is performed on the entire portfolio of subordinated notes of CLO vehicles that the Group has originated and invested in of £163.4m fair value (2020: £171.1m),
   which itself is a combination of holdings in CLOs that are not consolidated, being £27.2m fair value (2020: £32.4m), and holdings in those CLOs which are consolidated, being
   £136.1m fair value (2020: £138.6m). For the sensitivity analysis, the upside case is based on the probability of default being lowered to 2% p.a. for the next twenty four months, keeping
   all other parameters consistent. The downside case is based the probability of default being increased over the next twenty four months to 6% and 8% p.a, respectively in the Europe
   and US portfolios, keeping all other parameters consistent.
5. The effect of fair value across the entire investment portfolio ranges from -£252.0m (downside case) to +£206.0m (upside case).




144      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Derivative financial instruments
 Accounting policy
 Derivative financial instruments for economic hedging
 The Group holds derivative financial instruments to hedge foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Derivatives are recognised at fair
 value determined using independent third-party valuations or quoted market prices. Changes in fair values of derivatives are recognised
 immediately in the consolidated income statement.

 A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset while a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial
 liability. A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than
 12 months, otherwise a derivative will be presented as a current asset or current liability.

                                                                                    2021                                                 2020
                                                                      Contract or           Fair values                                          Fair values
                                                                       underlying                                          Contract or
                                                                 principal amount          Asset          Liability         underlying          Asset           Liability
Group                                                                         £m             £m                £m     principal amount            £m                 £m
Foreign exchange derivatives
Cross currency swaps                                                    299.3              31.9           (35.0)             441.0              71.0           (39.1)
Forward foreign exchange contracts (excluding those
held in consolidated credit funds)                                      857.9              14.8             (1.7)            848.0              13.5           (14.2)
Forward foreign currency contracts held in consolidated
credit funds                                                              76.1         65.2               (63.2)              58.2          54.8                (53.8)
Total                                                                  1,233.3         111.9              (99.9)           1,347.2         139.3               (107.1)

                                                                                    2021                                                 2020
                                                                      Contract or           Fair values                                          Fair values
                                                                       underlying                                          Contract or
                                                                 principal amount          Asset          Liability         underlying          Asset           Liability
Company                                                                       £m             £m                £m     principal amount            £m                 £m
Foreign exchange derivatives
Cross currency swaps                                                    299.3          31.9               (35.0)             441.0          71.0               (39.1)
Forward foreign exchange contracts                                      857.9          14.8                 (1.7)            848.0          13.5               (14.2)
Total                                                                  1,157.2         46.7               (36.7)           1,289.0          84.5               (53.3)

The value of cash held in margin accounts and therefore pledged as collateral as at 31 March 2021 was £26.8m (31 March 2020: £58.1m).
The counterparties were: Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citibank NA, HSBC Bank London, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Lloyds Bank
Corporate Markets Plc, Royal Bank of Scotland Plc, Credit Agricole, and Société Générale Paris. All the Credit Support Annexes that have been
agreed with our counterparties are fully European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) compliant.

There was no change in fair value related to credit risk, in relation to derivatives as at 31 March 2021 (31 March 2020: £nil).

Under the relevant International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreements in place with our counterparties, the close-out
netting provision would result in all obligations under a contract with a defaulting party being terminated and there would be a subsequent
combining of positive and negative replacement values into a single net payable or receivable. This reduces the credit exposure from gross
to net.




                                                                                                              ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                   145
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




6. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                          Group                         Company
                                                                                                        2021          2020             2021          2020
                                                                                                         £m             £m              £m             £m
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash at bank and in hand                                                                             581.2        1,086.9           264.3         894.0

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and short-term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. The carrying amount of
these assets approximates to their fair value. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period as shown in the consolidated
statement of cashflows can be reconciled to the related items in the consolidated statement of financial position as shown above.

The Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes £284.3m (2020: £139.0m (restated)) of restricted cash, held principally by structured entities
controlled by the Group. The Group does not have legal recourse to these balances. Following a review of bank accounts restricted cash as at
31 March 2020 has been restated. The impact of the restatement is to reduce restricted cash by £52.3m.

In the current year £0.4m cash and cash equivalents were included in disposal groups held for sale (2020: £nil) (note 29).

7. Financial liabilities
 Accounting policy
 Financial liabilities, which include borrowings and listed notes and bonds (with the exception of financial liabilities designated as FVTPL), are
 initially recognised at fair value net of transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method,
 with interest expense recognised on an effective yield basis.

 Included within financial liabilities held at amortised cost is the Group’s present value of its future lease payments. Lease liabilities are initially
 measured at the present value of all the future lease payments. The present value is determined by discounting all future lease payments, at the
 Group’s centrally determined incremental borrowing rate of 3.7% (2020: 4.5%). In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group
 uses its incremental borrowing rate because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date,
 the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying
 amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments or a change in the
 assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

 Financial liabilities at FVTPL are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair value on a recurring basis with gains or losses arising
 from changes in fair value and interest paid on the financial instruments recognised through gains on investments in the income statement.
 Interest paid on the financial instruments is included within net gains on investments. A financial instrument is designated as FVTPL if it is a
 derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument, or the designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or
 recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise.

 Included within financial liabilities at FVTPL are derivative liabilities and other financial liabilities designated as FVTPL within structured entities
 controlled by the Group.

 The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.




146    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                        2021                                   2020
                                                                                 Interest rate                  Current     Non-current   Current     Non-current
Group                                                                                       %        Maturity       £m              £m        £m              £m
Liabilities held at amortised cost:
– Private placements                                                     2.03% -6.35%            2021-2029      113.6          628.5      172.9          814.1
– Listed notes and bonds                                                 1.63% -5.00%            2023-2027          –          582.7       79.9         600.8
– Unsecured bank debt1                                                  LIBOR +0.49%                  2024       (1.1)          (2.3)         –         249.2
– Lease liabilities                                                               3.7%           2022-2031        3.7           55.0        3.2            5.5
Total liabilities held at amortised cost                                                                        116.2        1,263.9      256.0       1,669.6
Liabilities held at FVTPL:
– Derivative financial liabilities                                                                               68.2           31.7       65.7           41.4
– Structured entities controlled by the Group                                0.4%-8.9%           2028-2033          –       3,882.9           –       3,329.3
Total liabilities held at FVTPL                                                                                  68.2       3,914.6        65.7        3,370.7
                                                                                                                184.4        5,178.5      321.7       5,040.3


                                                                                                                     2021                      2020
                                                                                                                Current     Non-current   Current     Non-current
Company                                                                                                             £m              £m        £m              £m
Liabilities held at amortised cost:
– Private placements                                                                                            113.6          628.5      172.9           814.1
– Listed notes and bonds                                                                                            –          582.7       79.9          600.8
– Unsecured bank debt                                                                                            (1.1)          (2.3)         –          249.2
– Lease liabilities                                                                                               1.0           47.4         1.1            2.1
Total liabilities held at amortised cost                                                                        113.5        1,256.3      253.9        1,666.2
Liabilities held at FVTPL:
– Derivative financial liabilities                                                                                5.1           31.6       12.0           41.3
                                                                                                                118.6        1,287.9      265.9        1,707.5

1. Unsecured bank debt includes associated fees amortised over the life of the facility

The fair value of the Listed notes and bonds is £599.8m (2020: £614.4m), being the market price of the outstanding bonds. Private placements
and unsecured bank debt is held at amortised cost which the Group has determined to be the fair value of these liabilities.




                                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021       147
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




7. Financial liabilities continued
Movement in financial liabilities arising from financing activities
The following tables sets out the movements in financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) arising from financing activities undertaken during
the year.
                                                                                                        2021          2020          2021           2020
                                                                                                       Group         Group       Company        Company
At 1 April                                                                                         1,916.9         1,183.5      1,916.9         1,183.5
Increase in long term borrowings                                                                          –         800.1              –         800.1
Repayment of long term borrowings                                                                  (495.6)         (142.5)      (495.6)         (142.5)
Net interest movement                                                                                  (3.1)          11.8          (3.1)          11.8
Foreign exchange movement                                                                            (96.8)          64.0         (96.8)          64.0
At 31 March                                                                                        1,321.4        1,916.9       1,321.4        1,916.9

During the year, the existing £550m bank facilities were refinanced by a new £550m sustainability-linked Revolving Credit Facility, maturing on
22 January 2024.

8. Profit of Parent Company
As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, the income statement of the Parent Company is not presented as part of these financial
statements. The Parent Company’s profit for the year amounted to £203.0m (2020: loss of £9.5m).

9. Finance (loss)/income
 Accounting policy
 The Group earns interest on its bank deposits. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognised in the income statement as incurred.


                                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                                      £m             £m
Interest income on bank deposits                                                                                                      –            0.5
Fair value movements on derivatives                                                                                                (9.4)          29.6
                                                                                                                                   (9.4)          30.1

10. Net gains on investments
 Accounting policy
 The Group recognises net gains and losses on investments comprising realised and unrealised gains and losses from disposals and
 revaluations of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value.


                                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                                      £m             £m
Financial assets
Change in fair value of financial instruments classified at FVTPL                                                               1,207.0         (137.5)

Financial liabilities
Change in fair value of financial instruments classified at FVTPL                                                               (699.6)          254.9
Net gains and losses arising on investments                                                                                      507.4            117.4




148     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
11. Finance costs
 Accounting policy
 Interest expense on the Group’s debt, excluding financial liabilities within structured entities controlled by the Group, is recognised using the
 effective interest rate method based on the expected future cash flows of the liabilities over their expected life. Financial liabilities within
 structured entities controlled by the Group is accounted for within Net gains and losses arising on investment (see note 10).

 Interest expense associated with lease obligations represents the unwinding of the lease liability discount, accounted for in accordance with
 IFRS 16 (see note 18).


                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
Interest expense recognised on financial liabilities held at amortised cost                                                     52.2           53.1
Arrangement and commitment fees                                                                                                  3.3            4.7
Interest expense associated with lease obligations                                                                               1.3            0.5
                                                                                                                                56.8           58.3

12. Profit for the year
Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:
                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
Staff costs                                                                                                                     179.3         168.5
Amortisation and depreciation                                                                                                    15.5          10.3
Operating lease expenses                                                                                                          2.3           2.1
Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                                            1.7           1.8

Auditor’s remuneration includes fees for audit and non-audit services payable to the Group’s auditor, Ernst and Young LLP, and are analysed as
below. Audit fees relating to the prior year were payable to the Group’s previous auditors, Deloitte LLP.
                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
Audit fees
Group audit of the annual accounts                                                                                                1.1           0.9
The audit of subsidiaries’ annual accounts                                                                                       0.4            0.5
Total audit fees                                                                                                                 1.5            1.4
Non-audit fees
Non-audit fees in capacity as auditor                                                                                             0.1           0.1
Other non-audit fees                                                                                                              0.1           0.3
Total non-audit fees                                                                                                              0.2           0.4
Total auditor’s remuneration incurred by the Group                                                                                1.7           1.8

The £0.1m of other non-audit fees during the year relate to Agreed Upon Procedures.




                                                                                                    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         149
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




13. Employees and Directors
 Accounting policy
 The Deal Vintage Bonus (DVB) scheme, forms part of the Group’s Remuneration Policy for investment executives. DVB takes the form of an
 ‘in house’ carry arrangement (i.e. on the returns from investments made by the Group on its balance sheet).

 Payments of DVB are made in respect of plan years, which are aligned to the Group’s financial year. Payments of DVB are made only when the
 performance threshold for the plan year has been achieved. An estimate of the DVB liability for a plan year is developed based on the following
 inputs: expected realisation proceeds; expected timing of realisations; and allocations of DVB to executives. The Group accrues the estimated
 DVB cost associated with that plan year evenly over five years with the final accrual in the financial year of the expected first payment. During
 the year the Group revised the estimation approach and extended the period over which costs are recognised from three years to five years to
 better reflect the holding period for the underlying investments. Payments of DVB are not subject to clawback.




                                                                                                                                2021          2020
                                                                                                                                 £m             £m
Directors’ emoluments                                                                                                           4.4           3.4
Employee costs during the year including Directors:
Wages and salaries                                                                                                            151.6         146.3
Social security costs                                                                                                          22.4          17.9
Pension costs                                                                                                                   5.4           4.3
                                                                                                                              179.4         168.5

The monthly average number of employees (including Directors) was:
                                                                                                                                2021          2020
Investment teams                                                                                                               207             181
Marketing and support functions                                                                                                232            201
Executive Directors                                                                                                              3               2
                                                                                                                               442            384

ICG plc, the Company, does not have any employees but relies on the expertise and knowledge of employees of ICG FMC Limited and
Intermediate Capital Group Inc., subsidiaries of ICG plc.

Contributions to the Group’s defined contribution pension schemes are charged to the consolidated income statement as incurred.

The performance related element included in employee costs is £103.5m (2020: £104.3m) which represents the annual bonus scheme, Omnibus
Scheme and the DVB Scheme. Please refer to the report of the Remuneration Committee on page 87.

In addition, during the year, third-party funds have paid £4.2m (2020: £42.8m) to former employees and £7.2m (2020: £64.5m) to current
employees, including Executive Directors, relating to distributions from investments in carried interest partnerships made by these employees in
prior periods. Such amounts become due over time if, and when, specified performance targets are ultimately realised in cash by the funds and
paid by the carried interest partnerships (CIPs) of the funds (see note 28). As these funds and CIPs are not consolidated, these amounts are not
included in the Group’s consolidated income statement.




150    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
14. Tax expense
 Accounting policy
 The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax.

 Current tax assets and liabilities comprise those obligations to, or claims from, tax authorities relating to the current or prior reporting periods,
 that are unpaid at the reporting date.

 Deferred tax is provided in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.
 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
 that future taxable profits will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be utilised.

 Deferred tax is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of other
 assets and liabilities in a transaction, other than a business combination, that affects neither the tax nor the accounting profit.

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to their respective period of realisation,
 provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right of set off, when they relate to income taxes levied by the
 same tax authority and the Group intends to settle on a net basis.

 Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in the income statement, except where they relate to
 items that are charged or credited directly to equity, in which case the related deferred tax is also charged or credited directly to equity.


                                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                                      £m             £m
Current tax
Corporate tax                                                                                                                      44.0            4.1
Prior year adjustment                                                                                                               (1.5)         (2.9)
                                                                                                                                   42.5             1.2
Deferred taxation
Current year                                                                                                                       10.1           (0.2)
Prior year adjustment                                                                                                              (4.1)           2.9
                                                                                                                                    6.0            2.7
Tax charge/(credit) on profit on ordinary activities                                                                               48.5            3.9

The Group is an international business and operates across many different tax jurisdictions. Income and expenses are allocated to these
jurisdictions based on transfer pricing methodologies set out both (i) in the laws of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and (ii) under
guidelines set out by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).

The effective tax rate reported by the Group for the period ended 31 March 2021 of 9.5% is lower than the statutory UK corporation tax rate
of 19%.

The FMC activities are subject to tax at the relevant statutory rates ruling in the jurisdictions in which the income is earned. The lower effective tax
rate compared to the statutory UK rate is largely driven by the IC activities. The IC benefits from statutory UK tax exemptions on certain forms of
income arising from both foreign dividend receipts and gains from assets qualifying for the substantial shareholdings exemption. The effect of
these exemptions means that the effective tax rate of the Group is highly sensitive to the relative mix of IC income, and composition of such
income, in any one period.

Accounting for tax involves a level of estimation uncertainty given that the application of tax law requires a degree of judgement, which tax
authorities may ultimately dispute. Tax liabilities are recognised based on the best estimates of probable outcomes, with regard to external
advice where appropriate. The principal factors which may influence the Group’s future tax rate are changes in tax legislation in the territories in
which the Group operates, the relative mix of FMC and IC income, the mix of income and expenses earned and incurred by jurisdiction, and the
timing of recognition of available deferred tax assets.




                                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021             151
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




14. Tax expense continued
A reconciliation between the statutory tax rate applied to the Group’s profit before tax and the reported effective tax rate is provided below.
                                                                                                                                       2021     2020
                                                                                                                                        £m        £m
Profit on ordinary activities before tax                                                                                           509.5       114.5
Profit before tax multiplied by the rate of corporation tax in the UK of 19% (2020: 19%)                                            96.8        21.8
Effects of:
Prior year adjustment to current tax                                                                                                 (1.5)      (2.9)
Prior year adjustment to deferred tax                                                                                                (4.1)       2.9
                                                                                                                                     91.2       21.8
Non-taxable and non-deductible items                                                                                                 (1.0)      (3.0)
Overseas tax suffered                                                                                                                 0.2          –
Non-taxable Investment Company income                                                                                              (44.2)      (12.7)
Trading income generated by overseas subsidiaries subject to different tax rates                                                      2.3         4.2
Other temporary differences                                                                                                             –      (6.4)
Tax charge/(credit) on profit on ordinary activities                                                                                48.5         3.9

Deferred tax
                                                                                                   Share based
                                                                                                 payments and                          Other
                                                                                                 compensation                     temporary
                                                                                  Investments deductible as paid   Derivatives   differences    Total
Group                                                                                     £m                 £m            £m            £m       £m
At 31 March 2019                                                                         1.7           (20.2)            5.3          0.6      (12.6)
Prior year adjustment                                                                   5.3              (2.3)          0.6          (0.7)        2.9
(Credit)/charge to other comprehensive income                                              –              0.7              –             –        0.7
(Credit)/charge to income                                                              (8.3)              0.5            3.5           4.1      (0.2)
At 31 March 2020                                                                       (1.3)            (21.3)          9.4           4.0       (9.2)
Reclassification                                                                        3.4              (2.5)             –         (0.9)          –
At 31 March 2020 restated                                                               2.1            (23.8)           9.4            3.1      (9.2)
Prior year adjustment                                                                   2.9              (0.1)         (6.2)         (0.7)      (4.1)
Reclassification to Current Tax                                                        (1.2)                –          (1.4)             –      (2.6)
Movement to equity                                                                         –             (2.2)             –             –      (2.2)
(Credit)/charge to income                                                               8.1               1.3          (0.6)           1.3       10.1
At 31 March 2021                                                                       11.9            (24.8)            1.2          3.7       (8.0)

                                                                                                   Share based
                                                                                                 payments and                          Other
                                                                                                 compensation                     temporary
                                                                                  Investments deductible as paid   Derivatives   differences    Total
Company                                                                                   £m                 £m            £m            £m       £m
At 31 March 2019                                                                       (1.1)            (17.3)           5.3          1.4      (11.7)
Prior year adjustment                                                                   0.1              (1.9)          0.6             –       (1.2)
(Credit)/charge to other comprehensive income                                             –                0.7             –            –        0.7
(Credit)/charge to income                                                               1.6               (1.2)          3.5          0.2        4.1
At 31 March 2020                                                                       0.6              (19.7)          9.4           1.6       (8.1)
Reclassification                                                                       4.5               (2.6)             –         (1.9)         –
At 31 March 2020 restated                                                               5.1             (22.3)          9.4          (0.3)      (8.1)
Prior year adjustment                                                                  2.4                 7.7         (6.2)         (2.5)       1.4
Reclassification to Current Tax                                                           –                  –         (1.4)            –       (1.4)
Movement to equity                                                                        –                2.9             –            –        2.9
(Credit)/charge to income                                                             (0.4)                1.0         (0.6)          2.8        2.8
At 31 March 2021                                                                        7.1             (10.7)           1.2            –      (2.4)

Deferred tax has been accounted for at the applicable tax rates enacted or substantively enacted, in each case in the relevant jurisdiction of the
tax arising, as at the end of the reporting period. As at 31 March 2021 the value of losses unrecognised for deferred tax is £0.2m.




152       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The UK Government announced on 3 March 2021 its intention to increase the UK rate of corporation tax to 25% from 19% from 1 April 2023. As
this rate was not substantively enacted at the year end, deferred tax on future UK taxable profits has been calculated based on the prevailing rate
of 19%. The net UK group deferred tax asset comprises a mixture of separate deferred tax assets and liabilities. Due to timing differences as to
when these deferred tax assets and liabilities will realise into current tax, the estimated impact of the new 25% rate on the deferred tax asset
overall would be a decrease of £2.0m.

15. Dividends
 Accounting policy
 Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders are recognised in the period in which the dividends are declared. Dividends become final once
 approved by the Company’s shareholders at the AGM and may be subject to change. Dividends paid are recognised as a deduction from
 equity.


                                                                                                                             2021                                 2020
                                                                                                                     Per share                            Per share
                                                                                                                        pence               £m               pence                 £m
Ordinary dividends paid:
Final                                                                                                                  35.8            102.3                35.0             100.0
Interim                                                                                                                17.0             48.6                15.0               42.8
                                                                                                                       52.8            150.9                50.0             142.8
Proposed final dividend                                                                                                39.0             111.5               35.8              101.6

Of the £150.9m (2020: £142.8m) of ordinary dividends paid during the year, £2.9m (2020: £0.7m) were reinvested under the dividend
reinvestment plan offered to shareholders.

16. Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                              2021              20201
Earnings                                                                                                                                                       £m                 £m
Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share being net profit attributable to equity holders of
the Parent                                                                                                                                                 457.1             108.9


Number of shares                                                                                                                                          2021        2020 (restated)1
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of basic earnings per share                                                       285,154,566            284,813,542
Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares share options                                                                                      5,043,079              5,823,415
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share                                                     290,197,645            290,636,957
Earnings per share (pence)                                                                                                                         160.3p                  38.2p
Diluted earnings per share (pence)                                                                                                                  157.5p                 37.5p

1. The 2020 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share has been re-presented to include the dilutive impact of deferred share awards.
   The Diluted earnings per share has been restated.




                                                                                                                          ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                     153
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




17. Intangible assets
 Accounting policy
 Business combinations
 Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The acquisition method involves the recognition of all assets, liabilities
 and contingent liabilities of the acquired business at their fair value at the acquisition date.

 The excess of the fair value at the date of acquisition of the cost of investments in subsidiaries over the fair value of the net assets acquired
 which is not allocated to individual assets and liabilities is determined to be goodwill. Goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment.

 Investment management contracts
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately, including investment management contracts, are carried at cost less
 accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. These are measured at cost and are amortised on a straight line basis over the expected life
 of the contract.

 Impairment of non-financial assets and goodwill
 The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when
 annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the
 higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless
 the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying
 amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

 Computer software – Acquired intangible assets
 Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are typically computer software related and are stated at historical cost less accumulated
 amortisation and any impairment losses. Amortisation is on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives. The Group’s intangible assets
 are computer software, for which the estimated lives are three years.

 Computer software – Internally generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
 Research costs are expensed as they are incurred.

 Development expenditure incurred on individual projects related to computer software are capitalised only if all of the following criteria are
 demonstrated:

 –– An asset is created that can be separately identified;
 –– It is probable that the asset created will generate future economic benefits; and
 –– The development cost of the asset can be measured reliably.

 Following the initial recognition of development expenditure, the cost is amortised over the estimated useful life of the asset created, of three
 years. Amortisation commences on the date that the asset is brought into use. Work-in-progress assets are not amortised until they are
 brought into use and transferred to the appropriate category of intangible assets. Amortisation of intangible assets is included in
 administrative expenses in the income statement and detailed in note 12.




154    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                                                   Investment management
                                                                     Computer software                   Goodwill1                        contract                          Total
                                                                       2021            2020             2021           2020              2021         2020               2021           2020
Group                                                                    £m              £m              £m              £m               £m             £m               £m              £m
Cost
At 1 April                                                             37.1              –               4.3            4.3            25.5            25.5            66.9           29.8
Reclassified2                                                            –            31.0                 –              –               –               –               –           31.0
Additions                                                              4.0             6.1                 –              –               –               –             4.0            6.1
Derecognised                                                         (20.3)              –                 –              –               –               –           (20.3)             –
At 31 March                                                           20.8            37.1               4.3            4.3            25.5            25.5            50.6           66.9
Amortisation
At 1 April                                                            23.5               –                –               –            16.7           14.4             40.2           14.4
Reclassified2                                                             –           19.7                –               –               –              –                 –          19.7
Charge for the year                                                     5.5            3.8                –               –             2.3            2.3               7.8           6.1
Derecognised                                                         (18.9)              –                –               –               –              –            (18.9)             –
At 31 March                                                            10.1           23.5                –               –            19.0           16.7             29.1           40.2
Net book value at 31 March                                            10.7            13.6              4.3             4.3             6.5            8.8              21.5          26.7

1. Goodwill was acquired in the ICG-Longbow Real Estate Capital LLP business combination and represents a single cash generating unit. The recoverable amount of the real estate
   cash generating unit is based on fair value less costs to sell where the fair value equates to a multiple of adjusted net income, in line with the original consideration methodology. The
   significant headroom on the recoverable amount is not sensitive to any individual assumption.
2. During the prior year the Group carried out an assessment of its assets categorised as furniture and equipment and determined that those assets relating to computer software were
   more appropriately classified as intangible assets. During the current year, computer software assets valued at £1.4m were derecognised.

During the financial year ended 31 March 2021 the Group recognised as an expense £0.1m (2020: £0.1m) of research and development expenditure.
                                                                                                                                   Investment management
                                                                                                     Computer software                    contract                          Total
                                                                                                       2021            2020              2021         2020               2021           2020
Company                                                                                                  £m              £m               £m             £m               £m              £m
Cost
At 1 April                                                                                             37.1               –            19.9            19.9            57.0            19.9
Reclassified1                                                                                            –             31.0               –               –               –            31.0
Additions                                                                                              4.0              6.1               –               –             4.0             6.1
Derecognised                                                                                         (20.3)               –               –               –           (20.3)              –
At 31 March                                                                                           20.8             37.1            19.9            19.9            40.7            57.0
Amortisation
At 1 April                                                                                            23.5               –              11.1            8.8            34.6            8.8
Reclassified1                                                                                            –            19.7                –               –                –          19.7
Charge for the year                                                                                    5.5             3.8              2.3             2.3              7.8           6.1
Derecognised                                                                                         (18.8)              –                –               –           (18.8)             –
At 31 March                                                                                           10.2            23.5             13.4             11.1           23.6           34.6
Net book value at 31 March                                                                            10.6            13.6              6.5             8.8             17.1          22.4

1. During the prior year the Group carried out an assessment of its assets categorised as furniture and equipment and determined that those assets relating to computer software were
   more appropriately classified as intangible assets. During the current year, computer software assets valued at £1.4m were derecognised.




                                                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                      155
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




18. Property, plant and equipment
 Accounting policy
 The Group’s property, plant and equipment provide the infrastructure to enable the Group to operate. Assets are initially stated at cost, which
 includes expenditure associated with acquisition. The cost of the asset is recognised in the income statement as an amortisation charge on a
 straight line basis over the estimated useful life, three years for furniture and equipment, five years for short leasehold premises and over the
 life of the lease term for Right of Use (ROU) assets.

 Group as a lessee
 Included within the Group’s property, plant and equipment are its ROU assets. ROU assets are the present value of the Group’s global leases
 and comprises all future lease payments, and all expenditure associated with acquiring the lease. The Group’s leases are primarily made up of
 its global offices. The Group has elected to capitalise initial costs associated with acquiring a lease before commencement as a ROU asset. The
 cost of the ROU asset is recognised in the income statement as an amortisation charge on a straight line basis over the life of the lease term.

 Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its leasehold improvements and short-term leases, those leases that have a
 lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date which do not contain a purchase option. The Group also applies the recognition
 exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Leasehold improvements are amortised on a straight line basis over the lease term.
 Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight line basis over the lease term.


                                                                Furniture and equipment1             ROU asset                   Leasehold improvements              Total
                                                                       2021           2020          2021          2020              2021          2020            2021          2020
Group                                                                   £m               £m           £m            £m               £m             £m             £m             £m
Cost
At 1 April                                                           5.5            36.4          42.3           30.6                –            5.8           47.8           72.8
Reclassified1                                                          –           (31.0)        (10.9)           5.8             10.9           (5.8)             –          (31.0)
Additions                                                            2.3               –          56.0            5.9              4.9              –           63.2            5.9
Disposals                                                           (4.1)              –         (14.4)             –             (5.2)             –          (23.7)             –
Exchange differences                                                 0.1             0.1             –              –                –              –            0.1            0.1
At 31 March                                                          3.8             5.5          73.0           42.3             10.6              –           87.4           47.8
Depreciation
At 1 April                                                           4.6            24.0          29.8           20.2                –            5.6           34.4           49.8
Reclassified1                                                          –           (19.7)          (5.8)          5.6              5.8           (5.6)             –          (19.7)
Charge for the year                                                  0.5             0.2            6.8           4.0              0.5              –            7.8            4.2
Disposals                                                           (3.5)              –          (13.1)            –             (5.2)             –          (21.8)             –
Exchange differences                                                   –             0.1              –             –                –              –              –            0.1
At 31 March                                                          1.6             4.6           17.7          29.8               1.1             –           20.4           34.4
Net book value                                                       2.2             0.9           55.3          12.5              9.5              –           67.0           13.4

1. During the prior year, the Group carried out an assessment of its assets categorised as furniture and equipment and determined that those assets relating to computer software were
   more appropriately classified as intangible assets. These assets were transferred at book value and there was no profit or loss arising on transfer.




156      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                Furniture and equipment2             ROU asset               Leasehold improvements1                 Total
                                                                       2021           2020          2021          2020             2021          2020             2021          2020
Company                                                                 £m               £m           £m            £m              £m               £m            £m             £m
Cost
At 1 April                                                           1.8            32.8          26.9           18.3                –           4.2            28.7           55.3
Reclassified1,2                                                        –           (31.0)         (9.5)           4.2              9.5          (4.2)              –          (31.0)
Additions                                                            2.2               –          47.9            4.4              4.6             –            54.7            4.4
Disposals                                                           (1.4)              –         (14.4)             –             (5.2)            –           (21.0)             –
At 31 March                                                          2.6             1.8          50.9           26.9              8.9             –            62.4           28.7
Depreciation
At 1 April                                                           1.5            21.0           19.7           13.5              –            4.2            21.2           38.7
Reclassified2                                                          –           (19.7)         (4.2)            4.2            4.2           (4.2)              –          (19.7)
Charge for the year                                                  0.5             0.2            2.8            2.0            0.3              –             3.6            2.2
Disposals                                                           (1.4)              –          (13.1)             –           (4.2)             –           (18.7)             –
At 31 March                                                          0.6             1.5            5.2           19.7            0.3              –             6.1           21.2
Net book value                                                       2.0             0.3          45.7             7.2            8.6              –            56.3            7.5

1. With the implementation of IFRS 16, shorthold leases were reassessed in the prior year and those more than 12 months remaining on the lease were reclassified to ROU assets. £30.6m
   (Company: £18.3m) was reclassified on 1 April 2019.
2. During the prior year, the Group carried out an assessment of its assets categorised as furniture and equipment and determined that those assets relating to computer software were
   more appropriately classified as intangible assets per note 17.

Group as Lessor
 Accounting policy
 Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as
 operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in other income in the
 consolidated income statement due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are
 added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and amortised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
 recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

 The Group has entered into sub-lease agreements of certain office buildings (see Note 18 above). These leases have terms of between two
 and five years. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was £0.8m (2020: £0.8m). Future minimum rentals receivable under
 non-cancellable operating leases as at 31 March are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                               2021             2020
Group                                                                                                                                                           £m                £m
Within one year                                                                                                                                                0.3              0.8
After one year but not more than five years                                                                                                                    2.3              0.1
At 31 March                                                                                                                                                    2.6              0.9




                                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                   157
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




19. Investment property
 Accounting policy
 The Group holds investment property for the development of the Group’s long-term real assets strategy. As the properties are being held
 with a purpose to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation and are not occupied by the Group, IAS 40 Investment Property requires
 that the property be measured initially at cost, including transaction costs, and subsequently measured at fair value. The fair value of the
 investment properties has been recorded based on independent valuations prepared by third-party real estate valuation specialists in line with
 the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Valuation – Global Standards 2020. A market and income approach was performed to estimate
 the fair value of the Group’s investments. These valuation techniques can be subjective and include assumptions which are not supportable by
 observable data. Details of the valuation techniques and the associated sensitivities are further disclosed in note 5.


                                                                                                                                   2021          2020
Group                                                                                                                               £m             £m
Investment property at fair value
At 1 April                                                                                                                         8.1           97.1
Disposals                                                                                                                         (6.3)        (89.0)
Transfer to investment property on obtaining control of subsidiary                                                                56.7             –
Classified as Disposal Group held for Sale                                                                                       (56.7)            –
At 31 March                                                                                                                        1.8            8.1

During the year, the Group held £56.7m investment property within a disposal group held for sale (see note 29).

20. Trade and other receivables
 Accounting policy
 Trade and other receivables represent amounts the Group is due to receive in the normal course of business and are held at amortised cost.
 Other receivables within structured entities controlled by the Group relate principally to unsettled trades on the sale of financial assets.
 Amounts owed by Group companies are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. The carrying value of trade and other receivables
 reported within current assets approximates fair value as these are short-term and do not contain any significant financing components. The
 carrying value of trade and other receivables reported within non-current assets approximates fair value as these do not contain any significant
 financing components.

 Performance fees receivable relates to fees which are considered contract assets under IFRS 15 and will only be received after realisation of
 the underlying assets, see note 3.

 Trade and other receivables from Group entities are considered related party transactions as stated in note 27.

 The Company has adopted the simplified approach to measuring the loss allowance at lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECL), as permitted
 under IFRS 9. Trade and other receivables are received from Group entities or its affiliates and are paid shortly following notification to the
 Group, which causes the receivable to initially be recorded, the ECL of these receivables are expected to be nil or close to nil. Lastly, the assets
 do not contain any significant financing components, therefore the simplified approach is deemed most appropriate.




158     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                                               Group                                Company
                                                                                                                             2021   2020 (restated)1               2021 2020 (restated)1,2
                                                                                                                              £m                 £m                 £m                £m
Current assets
Trade and other receivables within structured entities controlled by the Group                                             99.5               55.8                 –                   –
Trade and other receivables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group                                         107.1              117.0               8.2                11.8
Amounts owed by Group companies                                                                                               –                  –             704.2              574.5
Prepayments                                                                                                                 8.6                4.5               4.2                 3.9
Total current assets                                                                                                      215.2              177.3             716.6              590.2
Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group                                          62.8              24.5               33.8                9.4
Amounts owed by Group companies                                                                                               –                 –              472.8              526.0
Total non-current assets                                                                                                   62.8              24.5              506.6              535.4

1. A review of the balances included within ‘Trade and other receivables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group’ was undertaken and it was identified that certain balances
   were more appropriately classified as non-current assets, as the Group does not expect to receive them in the next 12 months. The prior year (Group: £24.5m, Company: £9.4m) has
   also been reclassified to present on a consistent basis.
2. A review of the balances included within ‘Amounts owed by Group companies’ was undertaken and it was identified that this balance contained amounts relating to long-term
   investments. £526.0m has been reclassified as non-current assets as at 31 March 2020, even though these balances are repayable on demand, as the Company does not expect to
   realise them in the next 12 months.

21. Trade and other payables


 Accounting policy
 Trade and other payables are held at amortised cost and represent amounts the Group is due to pay in the normal course of business. Other
 payables in the table below relate principally to unsettled trades on the purchase of financial assets within structured entities controlled by the
 Group. Accruals represent costs, including remuneration, that are not yet billed or due for payment, but for which the goods or services have
 been received. Amounts owed to Group companies are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. The carrying value of trade and other
 payables approximates fair value as these are short-term and do not contain any significant financing components.

 Trade and other payables from Group entities are considered related party transactions as stated in note 27.


                                                                                                                               Group                                Company
                                                                                                                             2021   2020 (restated)1               2021  2020 (restated)1
                                                                                                                              £m                 £m                 £m                £m
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables within structured entities controlled by the Group                                               315.9             176.6                   –                  –
Trade and other payables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group                                             110.1            108.2               114.8              86.6
Amounts owed to Group companies                                                                                                –                –             1,165.7            1,123.5
Social security tax                                                                                                          1.3              1.2                 1.5                1.4
Total current liabilities                                                                                                 427.3             286.0            1,282.0             1,211.5
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group                                              41.9              50.0               41.9              50.0
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                               41.9              50.0               41.9              50.0

1. A review of the balances included within ‘Trade and other payables excluding structured entities controlled by the Group’ was undertaken and it was identified that certain balances
   totalling £41.9m (2020: £50.0m) were more appropriately classified as non-current liabilities, as the Group does not expect to settle these in the next 12 months. The prior year has
   also been reclassified to present on a consistent basis.




                                                                                                                              ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                     159
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




22. Financial risk management
The Group has identified Financial Risk, comprising market and liquidity risk, as a principal risk. Further details are set out on page 49. The Group
has exposure to market risk (including exposure to interest rates and foreign currency), liquidity risk and credit risk arising from financial
instruments.

Interest rate risk
The Group’s assets include both fixed and floating rate loans and non-interest-bearing equity investments.

The Group’s operations are financed with a combination of its shareholders’ funds, bank borrowings, private placement notes, public bonds,
and fixed and floating rate notes. The Group manages its exposure to market interest rate movements by matching, to the extent possible, the
interest rate profiles of assets and liabilities and by using derivative financial instruments.

The sensitivity of floating rate financial assets to the 100 basis points interest rate increase is £43.8m (2020: £44.7m) and the sensitivity of
financial liabilities to the same interest rate increase is £37.6m (2020: £35.5m). There is an indirect exposure to interest rate risk through the
impact on the performance of portfolio companies and therefore valuations. There is no interest rate risk exposure on fixed rate financial assets
or liabilities.

The sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate risk is disclosed above. The Group’s sensitivity to movements is calculated by applying 100
basis points sensitivity to interest rates to the Group’s forecast model.

Exposure to interest rate risk
                                                                                  2021                                         2020
                                                                      Floating           Fixed       Total         Floating           Fixed       Total
Group                                                                      £m               £m         £m               £m               £m         £m
Financial assets (excluding investments in loans held in
consolidated structured entities)                                    460.5        2,680.2        3,140.7         1,138.2        2,156.7        3,294.9
Investments in loans held in consolidated credit funds              3,916.0         338.0        4,254.0         3,332.5         164.8         3,497.3
Financial liabilities (excluding borrowings and loans held in
consolidated credit funds)                                               3.6     (1,576.9)       (1,573.3)       (249.1)       (1,851.5)      (2,100.6)
Borrowings and loans held in consolidated structured
entities                                                           (3,763.7)       (547.5)       (4,311.2)     (3,304.4)        (187.1)       (3,491.5)
                                                                      616.4         893.8         1,510.2          917.2        282.9          1,200.1

Foreign exchange risk
The Group is exposed to currency risk in relation to currency transactions and the translation of net assets, and income statement of foreign
subsidiaries. The Group’s most significant exposures are to the euro and the US dollar. Exposure to market currency risk is managed by matching
assets with liabilities to the extent possible and through the use of derivative instruments.

The Group regards its interest in overseas subsidiaries as long-term investments. Consequently, it does not normally hedge the translation effect
of exchange rate movements on the financial statements of these businesses.

The Group is also exposed to currency risk arising on the translation of fund management fee income receipts, which are primarily denominated
in Euro and US dollar. Fund management fee income is hedged to provide more certainty over the value of future cash inflows.

The sensitivity to movements in exchange rates is assumed by applying a percentage measure, based on the volatility of the applicable currency,
as defined in the Group’s treasury policy, to the net currency asset or liability at the balance sheet date.




160     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The effect of fluctuations in other currencies is considered by the Directors to be insignificant in the current and prior year. The net assets/
(liabilities) by currency and the sensitivity of the balances to foreign exchange rates are shown below:
                                                                                                                                2021
                                                                                 Net statement of            Derivative                        Sensitivity to    Increase in net
                                                                                 financial position          contracts        Net exposure    strengthening              assets
Group                                                                                           £m                  £m                 £m                   %                £m
Sterling                                                                                 353.5                960.8              1,314.3              –                     –
Euro                                                                                     791.8               (747.8)                44.0            15%                   6.6
US dollar                                                                                 54.1                 75.3                129.4            20%                  25.9
Other currencies                                                                         298.8               (276.3)                22.5         10-25%                     –
                                                                                       1,498.2                 12.0              1,510.2                                 32.5


                                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                  Net statement of           Derivative                         Sensitivity to   Increase in net
                                                                                  financial position         contracts        Net exposure    strengthening              assets
Group                                                                                            £m                 £m                 £m                    %               £m
Sterling                                                                                 506.0                795.8              1,301.8              –                    –
Euro                                                                                      626.2             (640.6)                (14.4)           15%                 (2.2)
US dollar                                                                               (196.2)                98.3               (97.9)            20%                (19.6)
Other currencies                                                                          264.1              (221.3)                42.8         10-25%                    –
                                                                                        1,200.1                32.2              1,232.3                               (21.8)

The weakening of the above currencies would have resulted in an equal but opposite impact, being a decrease in net assets.

Liquidity risk
The Group manages its liquidity risk by maintaining headroom on its financing facilities, particularly its bank facilities.

The table below shows the liquidity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities, based on contractual repayment dates of principal and interest
payments. Future interest and principal cash flows have been calculated based on exchange rates and floating rate interest rates as at 31 March
2021. It is assumed that Group borrowings under its senior debt facilities remain at the same level as at 31 March 2021 until contractual maturity.
Included in financial liabilities are contractual interest payments. All financial liabilities excluding structured entities controlled by the Group are
held by the Company.

Liquidity profile
                                                                                                          Contractual maturity analysis
                                                                                     Less than one                                                More than
                                                                                              year     One to two years   Two to five years       five years              Total
As at 31 March 2021                                                                             £m                  £m                  £m               £m                 £m
Financial liabilities
Private placements                                                                         138.5                59.0              503.4            171.7              872.6
Listed notes and bonds                                                                      14.9               174.9               20.7           432.4              642.9
Unsecured bank debt                                                                            –                   –                  –                –                  –
Structured entities controlled by the Group                                                 69.4                69.4              208.2         4,329.3             4,676.3
Derivative financial instruments                                                            (3.6)               26.3                  –                –               22.7
                                                                                           219.2               329.6              732.3         4,933.4             6,214.5

As at 31 March 2021 the Group has liquidity of £846.9m (2020: £1,216.5m) which consists of undrawn debt of £550m (2020: £300m) and
£296.9m (2020: £947.9m) of unencumbered cash. Unencumbered cash excludes £284.3m (2020: £139.0m (restated)) of restricted cash held
principally by structured entities controlled by the Group.




                                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                        161
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




22. Financial risk management continued
                                                                                                           Contractual maturity analysis
                                                                                                                                               More than
                                                                                   Less than one year   One to two years   Two to five years   five years          Total
As at 31 March 2020                                                                               £m                 £m                  £m           £m             £m
Financial liabilities
Private placements                                                                          209.3              156.6                421.7        387.8          1,175.4
Listed notes and bonds                                                                       97.7                15.2               189.7       458.9             761.5
Unsecured bank debt                                                                           5.4                 5.4               252.6            –           263.4
Structured entities controlled by the Group                                                  96.8               96.8                290.5      4,013.8         4,497.9
Derivative financial instruments                                                             (6.0)              (4.0)                26.1         (5.2)            10.9
                                                                                            403.2              270.0              1,180.6      4,855.3         6,709.1

The Group’s policy is to maintain continuity of funding. Due to the long-term nature of the Group’s assets, the Group seeks to ensure that the
maturity of its debt instruments is matched to the expected maturity of its assets.

Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group as a result of a counterparty failing to meet its contractual obligations. This risk is principally in
connection with the Group’s investments.

This risk is mitigated by the disciplined credit procedures that the Fund Investment Committees have in place prior to making an investment and
the ongoing monitoring of investments throughout the ownership period. In addition, the risk of significant credit loss is further mitigated by the
Group’s policy to diversify its investment portfolio in terms of geography and industry sector and to limit the amount invested in any single
company.

Exposure to credit risk
                                                                                                                   Group                             Company
                                                                                                                 2021                2020           2021           2020
                                                                                                                  £m                   £m            £m              £m
Direct investment in portfolio companies held at fair value                                                   171.8              432.6          126.4             211.2
Investments with funds                                                                                     1,812.8             1,342.8          316.0            375.4
Investments in senior and subordinated notes of CLO vehicles                                                  132.1               117.4           9.2              12.1
Investments in loans held within structured entities controlled by the Group                               4,147.8             3,599.8              –                 –
Investment in joint ventures                                                                                    2.8                 2.5             –                 –
                                                                                                           6,267.3             5,495.1          451.6            598.7

The Group minimises its surplus operational cash balance by the regular forecasting of cashflow requirements, debt management and cash
pooling arrangements. Credit risk exposure on cash and derivative instruments is managed in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy which
provides limits on exposures with any single financial institution. The Group’s surplus cash is held in financial institutions rated AAA or above.
Other credit exposures arise from outstanding derivatives with financial institutions rated from BBB to AAA, with 90% at institutions rated A-
or above.

The Group is exposed to credit risk as a result of financing guarantees provided. The maximum exposure to guarantees is £8.2m (2020: £9.0m).
No liability has been recognised in respect of these guarantees.




162       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The Directors consider the Group’s credit exposure to trade and other receivables and current assets held for sale to be low and as such no
further analysis has been presented. The Directors consider the credit risk of the investments within the structured entities controlled by the
Group to be low.

The Group’s investments in CLOs and loans held within structured entities controlled by the Group principally comprise senior loans. The credit
risk related to any reduction in the value of investments in loans held in credit funds is borne by the investors in the loan notes or units in these
funds. The Group’s exposure to the credit risk of the underlying collateral is therefore limited to its investments in these CLOs and credit funds,
which at 31 March 2021 was £506.0m (2020: £421.5m). This credit exposure comprises investment grade notes £3,605.0m (2020: £3,144.0)
rated BBB- and above, and sub-investment grade notes £542.9m (2020: £455.8m).

The carrying amount of financial assets represents the Directors’ assessment of the maximum credit risk exposure of the Group and Company at
the balance sheet date. Decreases in fair value during the year reflect the decline in recoverability on individual assets, as a result either of
company specific or of general macroeconomic conditions.

The Directors believe that credit risk as a result of the concentration of significant counterparties is low as there is no individual counterparty
comprising more than 10% of the Group’s total exposure.

Other than the Group investments in CLOs and loans held within structured entities controlled by the Group, the Group has no direct exposure
to defaulted and past due financial assets.

Capital management
Managing capital is the ongoing process of determining and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for the Group and
ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of our stakeholders. The primary objectives of the Group’s capital
management are (i) to ensure that the Group complies with externally imposed capital requirements by the Financial Conduct Authority (the
FCA) and (ii) to ensure that the Group maximises the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
Group’s strategy has remained unchanged from the year ended 31 March 2020.

The capital structure of the Group consists of cash and cash equivalents, £581.2m (2020: £1,086.9m) (see note 6); debt, which includes
borrowings, £1,321.4, (2020: £1,916.9m) (see note 7) and capital and reserves of the Company, comprising called up share capital, reserves and
retained earnings as disclosed in the Statement of Changes in Equity, £1,060.9m (2020: £1,016.1m) (see page 130).

(i) Regulatory capital requirements
The Group is required to hold capital resources to cover both Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements, described below:

–– Pillar 1 calculates a company’s minimum capital resource requirement mechanically by reference to the company type and based on prescribed
   factors
–– Pillar 2 requires a subjective assessment of the company’s capital resource requirement by reference to the risks to which it is exposed and
   within the context of its overall risk management framework. The process, known as the ICAAP, is a key input into the supervisory review
   process of the FCA

The Group’s capital for regulatory purposes comprises the capital and reserves of the Company, comprising called up share capital, reserves
and retained earnings as disclosed in the Statement of Changes in Equity (see page 130).

The Group is required to maintain minimum Pillar 1 regulatory capital of £405.9m (2020: £390.6m). The Group’s total capital requirement is
£454.7m (2020: £439.4m). The Group’s regulatory surplus capital, comprising the Group’s total equity (less regulatory deductions) and the
regulatory capital requirement, was £632.9m (2020: £648.0m). The Group has complied with the imposed minimum capital throughout the year.
The full Pillar 3 disclosures are available on the Group’s website: www.icgam.com.

(ii) Capital and risk management policies
The formal procedures for identifying and assessing risks that could affect the capital position of the Group are described in the Strategic
Report on page 49. The capital structure comprises debt, which include the borrowings disclosed in note 7, cash and cash equivalents, and
capital and reserves of the Company, comprising called up share capital, reserves and retained earnings as disclosed in the Parent Company
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.




                                                                                                      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021             163
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




23. Called up share capital and share premium
Share capital represents the number of issued ordinary shares in Intermediate Capital Group plc multiplied by their nominal value of 26¼p each.

The Company has the authority limited by shareholder resolution to issue, buy back, or cancel ordinary shares in issue (including those held in
trust, described below). New shares are issued when share options are exercised by employees. The Company has 294,276,532 authorised
shares (2020: 294,179,174).
                                                                                                                                     Number of ordinary
                                                                                                                                         shares of 26¼p
                                                                                                                                      allotted, called up   Share capital   Share premium
Group and Company                                                                                                                          and fully paid            £m                £m
1 April 2020                                                                                                                         294,179,174                  77.2           179.9
Shares issued                                                                                                                             97,358                     –             0.3
31 March 2021                                                                                                                        294,276,532                  77.2           180.2


                                                                                                                                     Number of ordinary
                                                                                                                                         shares of 26¼p
                                                                                                                                      allotted, called up   Share Capital   Share Premium
Group and Company                                                                                                                          and fully paid            £m                £m
1 April 2019                                                                                                                          294,084,351                 77.2            179.5
Shares issued                                                                                                                              94,823                    –              0.4
31 March 2020                                                                                                                         294,179,174                 77.2            179.9

24. Own shares reserve
 Accounting policy
 Own shares are recorded by the Group when ordinary shares are purchased in the market by ICG plc or through the ICG Employee Benefit
 Trust (EBT).

 The EBT is a special purpose vehicle, with the purpose of purchasing and holding shares of the Company for the hedging of future liabilities
 arising as a result of the employee share-based compensation schemes, (see note 25) in a way that does not dilute the percentage holdings of
 existing shareholders.

 Own shares are held at cost and their purchase reduces the Group’s net assets by the amount spent. When shares vest or are cancelled, they
 are transferred from own shares to the retained earnings reserve at their weighted average cost. No gain or loss is recognised on the
 purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own shares.


The movement in the year is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    2020                             2020
                                                                                                                              2021            (restated)1         2021         (restated)1
                                                                                                                               £m                     £m        Number            Number
At 1 April                                                                                                                 114.4                  92.8 10,899,484 11,218,285
Purchased (ordinary shares of 26¼p)                                                                                            –                  40.3           – 2,500,000
Options/awards exercised                                                                                                   (32.2)                (18.7) (2,510,238) (2,818,801)
As at 31 March                                                                                                              82.2                 114.4 8,389,246 10,899,484

1. A review of the movements within the ‘Own shares’ reserve identified that shares retained on vesting by the EBT to settle employee taxes had been incorrectly disclosed. The effect of
   the restatement was to reduce the increase in value of ’Purchased (ordinary shares of 26¼p)’ by £30.0m and the increase in the number of shares by 2,278,936, and to reduce the
   charge related to ’Options/awards exercised’ by £30.0m and the decrease in the number of shares by 2,278,936.

The Company held 3,733,333 shares in the Own Share Reserve at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 at a cost of £21.3m. These shares were
purchased through a share buy back programme in prior years.

The number of shares held by the Group at the balance sheet date represented 2.9% (2020: 3.7%) of the Parent Company’s allotted, called up
and fully paid share capital.




164      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
25. Share based payments
 Accounting policy
 The Group issues compensation to its employees under equity settled share based payment plans.

 Equity settled share based payments are measured at the fair value of the awards at grant date. The fair value includes the effect of non-market
 based vesting conditions. The fair value determined at the date of grant is expensed on a straight line basis over the vesting period.
 At each reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest as a result of non-market based
 vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the income statement with a corresponding
 adjustment to equity.


The total charge to the income statement for the year was £26.9m (2020: £25.2m) and this was credited to the share based payments reserve in
equity. Details of the different types of awards are as follows:

Intermediate Capital Group plc Omnibus Plan
The Omnibus Plan provides for two different award types to be made over ICG plc shares: Deferred Share Awards and PLC Equity Awards.

Deferred Share Awards
Awards are made after the end of the financial year (and in a small number of cases during the year) to reward employees for delivering cash
profits, managing the cost base, and employing sound risk and business management. These share awards normally vest one third at the end of
the first, second and third years following the year of grant, unless the individual leaves for cause or to join a competitor. Dividend equivalents
accrue to participants during the vesting period and are paid at the vesting date. Awards are based on performance against the individual’s
objectives. There are no further performance conditions.

PLC Equity Awards
Awards are made after the end of the financial year to reward senior employees for increasing long-term shareholder value. These share awards
normally vest one third at the end of the third, fourth and fifth years following the year of grant, unless the individual leaves for cause or to join a
competitor. Dividend equivalents accrue to participants during the vesting period and are paid at the vesting date. Awards are based on
performance against the individual’s objectives. There are no further performance conditions.

Share awards outstanding under the Omnibus Plan were as follows:
                                                                                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                                                        Number                       fair value (£)
Deferred Share Awards                                                                                  2021          2020            2021              2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                         2,829,014 2,780,324                  11.33             10.18
Granted                                                                                         1,512,583   1,292,442              13.07              11.98
Vested                                                                                         (1,383,114) (1,236,430)             10.80               9.42
Forfeited                                                                                               –       (7,322)                 –             11.98
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                        2,958,483 2,829,014                 12.47              11.33


                                                                                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                                                        Number                       fair value (£)
PLC Equity Awards                                                                                      2021          2020            2021              2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                          3,333,119 3,906,404                 8.74               7.25
Granted                                                                                          429,746       579,715             13.08              11.98
Vested                                                                                         (1,082,131) (1,153,000)              6.78               5.33
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                        2,680,734     3,333,119             10.22               8.74

The fair values of awards granted under the ICG plc Omnibus Plan are determined by the average share price for the five business days prior
to grant.




                                                                                                       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021              165
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




25. Share based payments continued
FMC Equity Awards
FMC Equity Awards were awarded up until May 2017. Awards were made after the end of the financial year to incentivise those employees
charged with accelerating the expansion of the Company’s fund management business. The awards were over shares in the FMC and shares
vested one third in each of the first, second and third years following the year of grant subject to continuing service. A holding period applies
until the third year following the year of grant, at which time all vested FMC shares are automatically ‘exchanged’ for Company shares of an
equivalent value. The value of a share was determined by an independent valuation every year. Awards were based on performance against the
individual’s objectives. There are no further performance conditions.

There are no outstanding awards at 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                 Weighted average
                                                                                                      Number                       fair value (£)
FMC Equity Awards                                                                                    2021           2020           2021               2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                            11,104        30,473           700.0              582.0
Vested                                                                                           (11,104)      (19,369)          700.0                   –
Forfeited                                                                                              –              –              –               515.0
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                                –         11,104          700.0              700.0

Intermediate Capital Group plc Buy Out Awards
Buy Out Awards are shares awarded to new employees in lieu of awards forfeited from their previous employment. These share awards shall
vest or be forfeited according to the schedule and terms of the forfeited awards, and any performance conditions detailed in the individual’s
employment contract. Buy Out Awards may be cash settled.

Buy Out Awards outstanding were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Weighted average
                                                                                                      Number                       fair value (£)
Buy Out Awards                                                                                       2021           2020           2021               2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                          175,512        265,844            7.87               6.54
Granted                                                                                         215,817          66,629          13.42              12.04
Vesting                                                                                       (145,906)        (156,961)          9.10               7.38
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                        245,423           175,512         12.06               7.87

The fair values of the Buy Out Awards granted are determined by the average share price for the five business days prior to grant.

Save As You Earn
The Group offers a Sharesave Scheme (SAYE) to its employees and are granted by invitation at a 20% discount to the prevailing market price at
the date of issue. Options to this equity-settled scheme are exercisable at the end of a three year savings contract. Participants are not entitled to
dividends prior to the exercise of the options. The maximum amount that can be saved by a participant in this way is £6,000 in any tax year.

Fair value is measured using the Black–Scholes valuation model, which considers the current share price of the Group, the risk-free interest rate
and the expected volatility of the share price over the life of the award. The expected volatility was calculated by analysing three years of historic
share price data of the Group.

The total amount to be expensed over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the share awards and options at grant
date, which is remeasured at each reporting date. The total amount to be expensed during the year is £227,264 (2020: £241,700).




166      ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                                          Weighted average
                                                                                                Number                      fair value (£)
Save As You Earn Scheme (SAYE)                                                                 2021          2020           2021               2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                    244,446          127,147         2.79                2.15
Granted                                                                                          –        147,063          3.26                3.26
Vested                                                                                    (92,240)           (618)         2.15                2.15
Forfeited                                                                                  (14,811)       (29,146)         3.14                2.35
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                    137,395       244,446           3.19                2.79

In 2016, the Group offered a Sharesave Scheme granting 91,398 shares. As at the reporting date there are no shares outstanding from the
2016 scheme.

Intermediate Capital Group plc 2001 approved and unapproved executive share option scheme
All options under the Intermediate Capital Group plc 2001 scheme have vested, and no new options will be awarded as the scheme is now
closed. Analysis of movements in the number and weighted average exercise price of options is set out below:
                                                                                                Number                    Exercise price (£)
                                                                                               2021          2020           2021               2020
Outstanding at 1 April                                                                           –        25,601               –               2.95
Exercised                                                                                        –       (25,601)              –               2.95
Outstanding at 31 March                                                                          –             –               –                  –
Of which are currently exercisable                                                               –             –               –                  –

26. Financial commitments
As described in the Strategic Report, the Group invests balance sheet capital alongside the funds it manages to grow the business and create
long-term shareholder value. Commitments are made at the time of the fund’s launch and are drawn down with the fund as it invests.
Commitments may increase where distributions made are recallable. At the balance sheet date the Group had undrawn commitments, which can
be called on over the commitment period, as follows:
                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                             £m                  £m
ICG Senior Debt Partners                                                                                                     8.9               10.0
ICG Senior Debt Partners II                                                                                                 4.4                   –
ICG Senior Debt Partners III                                                                                                 6.2                 3.1
ICG Senior Debt Partners IV                                                                                                 17.5                  –
ICG Europe Fund V                                                                                                          32.5               36.8
ICG Europe Fund VI                                                                                                         86.5                73.6
ICG Europe Fund VII                                                                                                       121.2              215.0
ICG Mid-Market Fund                                                                                                        60.7               83.0
ICG North American Private Debt Fund                                                                                       30.0                33.5
ICG North American Private Debt Fund II                                                                                    56.8               89.8
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund III                                                                                 45.2                41.2
ICG Asia Pacific Fund IV                                                                                                   46.9               69.9
Nomura ICG Investment Business Limited Partnership A                                                                       19.8                22.8
ICG Strategic Secondaries Fund II                                                                                          30.7               46.2
ICG Strategic Equity Fund III                                                                                              44.4              124.4
ICG Strategic Equity Fund IV                                                                                              145.1                   –
ICG-Longbow UK Real Estate Debt Investments V                                                                               13.1               16.3
ICG-Longbow UK Real Estate Debt Investments VI                                                                             25.0                   –
ICG-Longbow Development Fund                                                                                                4.0                 6.1
ICG Centre Street Partnership                                                                                                4.6                2.6
ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I                                                                                           92.3               112.5
ICG Recovery Fund II                                                                                                       76.2                   –
ICG Private Markets Pooling – Sale and Leaseback                                                                           44.2                79.5
                                                                                                                        1,016.2            1,066.3




                                                                                                ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021             167
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




27. Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The Group is not deemed to be controlled or jointly controlled by a party directly or through intermediaries. The Group consists of the Parent
Company, ICG plc, incorporated in the UK, and its subsidiaries listed in note 28. All entities meeting the definition of a controlled entity as set out
in IFRS 10 are consolidated within the results of the Group. All transactions between the Parent Company and its subsidiary undertakings are
classified as related party transactions for the Parent Company accounts and are eliminated on consolidation. Significant transactions with
subsidiary undertakings relate to dividends received, the aggregate amount received during the year is £121.2m (2020: £103.8m).

Associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, but no control, over the financial and operating policy decisions of the
entity. As the investments in associates are held for venture capital purposes they are designated at fair value through profit or loss. A joint
venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties have joint control over the arrangements, see note 30. Where the investment is held for
venture capital purposes they are designated as fair value through profit. These entities are related parties, the significant transactions with
associates and joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                                                                                     £m             £m
Income statement
Net gains on investments                                                                                                           (2.8)          (3.1)
                                                                                                                                   (2.8)          (3.1)


                                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                                                                                     £m             £m
Statement of financial position
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                        84.3          59.1
Trade and other payables                                                                                                          (42.3)        (49.3)
                                                                                                                                   42.0           9.8

Unconsolidated structured entities
The Group has determined that where the Group holds an investment, loan, fee receivable, guarantee or commitment with an investment fund,
carried interest partnership or CLO that this represents an interest in a structured entity in accordance with IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interest in
Other Entities (see note 31). The Group provides investment management services and receives management fees, performance related fees
and dividend income from these structured entities and these are therefore related parties. Amounts receivable and payable from these
structured entities arising in the normal course of business remain outstanding. At 31 March 2021, the Group’s interest in and exposure to
unconsolidated structured entities are as follows:
                                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                                                                                     £m             £m
Income statement
Management fees                                                                                                                    17.5          18.9
Dividend income                                                                                                                     4.6           3.1
                                                                                                                                   22.1          22.0


                                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                                                                                     £m             £m
Statement of financial position
Management fees receivable                                                                                                          0.1              –
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                       87.6           78.9
Trade and other payables                                                                                                         (84.0)         (67.8)
                                                                                                                                    3.7           11.2

During the year the Group increased its investment in a portfolio company. The Group reassessed this entity for control under the rules of IFRS
10 and has concluded that, due to the exposure of the economic returns of the entity, the Group controlled the entity. As the Directors have
plans to sell this asset imminently, the entity has been classified as a disposal group held for sale within the rules of IFRS 5, see note 29.




168     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Key management personnel
Key management personnel are defined as the Executive Directors. Antje Hensel-Roth was appointed as an Executive Director effective on 16
April 2020. Antje Hensel-Roth joins Vijay Bharadia and Benoît Durteste as Executive Directors of the Group.

The remuneration of key management personnel during the year was as follows:
                                                                                                                           2021         2020
                                                                                                                            £m            £m
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                               3.3          2.3
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                   0.1          0.1
Other long-term benefits                                                                                                   1.4          1.9
Share based payment benefits                                                                                               6.5          4.6
                                                                                                                          11.3          8.9

Fees paid to Non-Executive Directors were as follows:



                                                                                                                           2021         2020
Non Executive Directors                                                                                                   £000          £000
Lord Davies of Abersoch                                                                                                  275.0         96.7
Virginia Holmes                                                                                                          109.3        109.3
Rosemary Leith                                                                                                            17.0            –
Rusty Nelligan                                                                                                           109.3        109.3
Kathryn Purves                                                                                                           109.3        109.3
Amy Schioldager                                                                                                          121.6        121.6
Andrew Sykes                                                                                                             116.6        116.6
Stephen Welton                                                                                                            88.8         88.8

The remuneration of Directors and key executives and Non-Executive Directors is determined by the Remuneration Committee having regard to
the performance of individuals and market rates. The Remuneration Policy is described in more detail in the Remuneration Committee Report on
page 87.




                                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021       169
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




28. Subsidiaries
 Accounting policy
 Investment in subsidiaries
 The Group consists of the Parent Company, Intermediate Capital Group plc, and its subsidiaries, described collectively herein as ‘ICG’ or ‘the
 Group’. Investments in subsidiaries in the Parent Company statement of financial position are recorded at cost less provision for impairments
 or at fair value through profit or loss.

 Critical judgement
 A significant judgement for the Group is whether the Group controls an investee or fund and is required to consolidate the investee or fund
 into the results of the Group. Control is determined by the Directors’ assessment of decision making authority, rights held by other parties,
 remuneration and exposure to returns.

 When assessing whether the Group controls any fund it manages it is necessary to determine whether the Group acts in the capacity of
 principal or agent for the third-party investor. An agent is a party primarily engaged to act on behalf and for the benefit of another party or
 parties, whereas a principal is primarily engaged to act for its own benefit.

 A significant judgement when determining that the Group acts in the capacity of principal or agent is the kick-out rights of the third-party fund
 investors. Across each of the entities where the Group has a significant interest we have reviewed these kick-out rights. Where fund investors
 have substantive rights to remove the Group as the investment manager it has been concluded that the Group is an agent to the fund and thus
 the fund does not require consolidation into the Group. We consider if the Group has significant influence over these entities and, where we
 conclude it does, we recognise them as associates. Where the conclusion is that the Group acts in the capacity of principal the fund has been
 consolidated into the Group’s results.

 Where the Group has Trust entities in investment deals or fund structures, a key judgement is whether the Trust is acting on behalf of the
 Group or another third party. Where the Trust is considered to act as an agent of the Group, the Trust and its related subsidiaries have been
 consolidated into the Group.

 As a fund manager ICG participates in carried interest partnerships (CIPs), the participants of which are the Group, certain of the Group’s
 employees and others connected to the underlying fund. These vehicles have two purposes: 1) to facilitate payments of carried interest from
 the fund to carried interest participants, and 2) to facilitate individual co-investment into the funds. The Directors have undertaken a control
 assessment of each CIP in accordance with IFRS10 and have considered whether the CIP participants were providing a service for the benefit
 of the Group. The Directors have assessed that certain CIPs are controlled, and they are included within Indirectly held subsidiaries below.
 The Directors conclude that other CIPs are not controlled by the Group.


The Group consists of a Parent Company, ICG plc, incorporated in the UK, and a number of subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by ICG plc,
which operate and are incorporated around the world. The subsidiary undertakings of the Group are shown below.

All are wholly owned, and the Group’s holding is in the ordinary share class, except where stated. The Companies Act 2006 requires disclosure
of certain information about the Group’s related undertakings. Related undertakings are subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates.

The registered office of all related undertakings at 31 March 2021 was Procession House, 55 Ludgate Hill, New Bridge Street, London EC4M
7JW, unless otherwise stated.

The financial year end of all related undertakings is 31 March, unless otherwise stated.

All entities are consolidated as at 31 March.




170     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Directly held subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                             % Voting
Name                                              Ref   Country of incorporation   Principal activity                    Share class       rights held
Intermediate Capital Investments Limited                United Kingdom             Investment company                    Ordinary shares      100%
Intermediate Finance II PLC                             United Kingdom             Provider of mezzanine capital         Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Longbow Senior Debt I GP Limited                    United Kingdom             Investment company                    Ordinary shares      100%
(formerly JOG Partners Limited)
Intermediate Investments Jersey Limited           1     Jersey                     Investment company             Ordinary shares             100%
ICG FMC Limited                                         United Kingdom             Holding company for funds      Ordinary shares             100%
                                                                                   management
LREC Partners Investments No.2 Limited                  United Kingdom             Real estate investment company Ordinary shares              59%
ICG Carbon Funding Limited                              United Kingdom             Investment company             Ordinary shares             100%
ICG-Longbow Development(Brighton) Limited               United Kingdom             Holding company                Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Japan (Funding 2) Limited                           United Kingdom             Holding company                Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Re Holding (Germany) GmbH                     4     Germany                    Special purpose vehicle        Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Financing (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.               5     Luxembourg                 Special purpose vehicle        Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Financing (Ireland) Limited                   6     Ireland                    Special purpose vehicle        Ordinary shares             100%
Intermediate Capital Nominees Limited                   United Kingdom             Nominee company – Dormant      Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Global Investment UK Limited                        United Kingdom             Holding company                Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Debt Advisors (Cayman) Limited                27    Cayman Islands             Advisory company               Ordinary shares             100%
ICG-Longbow Richmond Limited                      15    United Kingdom             Holding company                Ordinary shares             100%
ICG-Longbow BTR Limited                                 United Kingdom             Holding company                Ordinary shares             100%
ICG Seed Asset Investment Trust (Jersey)          1     Jersey                     Seed asset trust               N/A                            –
Intermediate Capital Group Espana SL              9     Spain                      Advisory company               Ordinary shares             100%

Indirectly held subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                             % Voting
Name                                              Ref   Country of incorporation   Principal activity                    Share class       rights held
AMM Financing S.à r.l.                            29    Luxembourg                 Investment company                    Ordinary shares      100%
AMM Investment S.à r.l.                           5     Luxembourg                 Investment company                    Ordinary shares      100%
European Credit 2019 S.à r.l.                     24    Luxembourg                 Special purpose vehicle               Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Credit (Cayman) GP Limited        21    Cayman Islands             General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Credit (Jersey) CIP LP            1     Jersey                     Partnership                           N/A                     –
ICG Alternative Credit (Jersey) GP Limited        1     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Credit (Luxembourg) GP S.à r.l.   19    Luxembourg                 General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Credit LLC *                      20    United States of America   Advisory company                      Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Investment (Netherlands) B.V.     11    Netherlands                Advisory company                      Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Alternative Investment Limited                      United Kingdom             Advisory company                      Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Asia Pacific Fund III GP Limited              2     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Asia Pacific Fund IV GP S.à r.l.              28    Luxembourg                 General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Augusta Associates LLC *                      23    United States of America   General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Augusta GP LP *                               2     Jersey                     Limited partner                       N/A                     –
ICG Centre Street Partnership GP Limited          2     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Debt Administration LLC *                     15    United States of America   Service company                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Debt Advisors LLC – Holdings Series *         16    United States of America   Investment company                    Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Debt Advisors LLC - Manager Series *          16    United States of America   Advisory company                      Ordinary shares      100%
ICG EFV MLP GP Limited                                  United Kingdom             General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG EFV MLP Limited                               1     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Enterprise Co-Investment GP Limited                 United Kingdom             General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Enterprise Carry (1) LP **                          United Kingdom             Partnership                           N/A                     –
ICG Enterprise Carry (2) LP **                          United Kingdom             Partnership                           N/A                     –
ICG Enterprise Carry GP Limited                   33    Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Europe Fund V GP Limited                      2     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Europe Fund VI GP Limited                     2     Jersey                     General partner                       Ordinary shares      100%
ICG Europe Fund VI GP LP                          2     Jersey                     Limited partner                       N/A                     –




                                                                                                        ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021       171
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




28. Subsidiaries continued
                                                                                                                                       % Voting
Name                                            Ref   Country of incorporation   Principal activity                Share class       rights held
ICG Europe Fund VI Lux GP S.à r.l.              5     Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Europe Fund VII GP S.à r.l.                 24    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Europe Fund VII GP LP SCSp                  24    Luxembourg                 Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG Europe Fund VIII GP S.à r.l.                29    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Europe Fund VIII GP LP SCSp                 29    Luxembourg                 Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG Europe Mid-Market Fund GP S.à r.l.          24    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Europe Mid-Market Fund GP LP SCSp           24    Luxembourg                 Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG Europe S.à r.l.                             27    Luxembourg                 Advisory company                  Ordinary shares     100%
ICG European Credit Mandate GP S.à r.l.         24    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG European Fund 2006 GP Limited               1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG European Fund 2006 B GP Limited             1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Fund Advisors LLC *                         15    United States of America   Advisory company                  Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Global Investment Jersey Limited            2     Jersey                     Investment company                Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Global Nominee Jersey Limited               1     Jersey                     Special purpose vehicle           Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I GP LP SCSp     29    Luxembourg                 Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I GP S.à r.l.    29    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Japan KK                                    31    Japan                      Advisory company – Dissolved      Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Longbow Development GP LLP *                      United Kingdom             General partner                   Holding in          100%
                                                                                                                   partnership
                                                                                                                   investment
ICG Longbow Fund V GP S.à r.l.                  24    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Longbow Investment 3 LLP                          United Kingdom             Limited liability partnership -   Holding in          100%
                                                                                 Dormant                           partnership
                                                                                                                   investment
ICG Longbow IV GP S.à r.l.                      26    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Longbow Real Estate Capital LLP                   United Kingdom             Advisory company                  Holding in          100%
                                                                                                                   partnership
                                                                                                                   investment
ICG Longbow Senior GP LLP                             United Kingdom             General partner                   Holding in          100%
                                                                                                                   partnership
                                                                                                                   investment
ICG MF 2003 No. 1 EGP 1 Limited                 1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG MF 2003 No. 1 EGP 2 Limited                 1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG MF 2003 No. 3 EGP 1 Limited                 1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG MF 2003 No. 3 EGP 2 Limited                 1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Minority Partners Limited                         United Kingdom             Special purpose vehicle           Ordinary shares     100%
                                                                                 -Dormant
ICG NA Debt Co-Invest Limited                         United Kingdom             Investment company                Ordinary shares     100%
ICG North America Associates LLC *              15    United States of America   General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG North America Associates II LLC *           15    United States of America   General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG North American Private Debt GP LP *         15    United States of America   Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG North American Private Debt (Offshore)      21    Cayman Islands             General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
GP LP *
ICG North American Private Debt ll GP LP *      15    United States of America   Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG North American Private Debt II (Offshore)   21    Cayman Islands             General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
GP LP *
ICG Private Credit GP S.à r.l.                  34    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Private Markets GP S.à r.l.                 28    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Real Estate Debt VI GP S.à r.l.             28    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Real Estate Debt VI GP LP SCSp              28    Luxembourg                 Limited partner                   N/A                    –
ICG Recovery Fund 2008 GP Limited               1     Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Recovery Fund B 2008 GP Limited *           33    Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Senior Debt Partners Performance GP         33    Jersey                     General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
Limited
ICG Senior Debt Partners S.à r.l.               22    Luxembourg                 General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%
ICG Senior Debt Partners UK GP Limited                United Kingdom             General partner                   Ordinary shares     100%


172    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                     % Voting
Name                                                             Ref     Country of incorporation            Principal activity                           Share class              rights held
ICG Strategic Equity Advisors LLC *                              23      United States of America            Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity Associates II LLC *                         23      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity Associates III LLC *                        23      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity Associates IV LLC *                         13      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity Associates IV S.à r.l. *                    29      Luxembourg                          General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity GP LP *                                     32      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Equity III GP LP *                                 2       Jersey                              Limited partner                              N/A                           –
ICG Strategic Equity IV GP LP SCSp *                             29      Luxembourg                          General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Strategic Secondaries (Offshore) GP LP *                     2       Jersey                              Limited partner                              N/A                           –
ICG Strategic Secondaries Carbon (Offshore)                      2       Jersey                              Limited partner                              N/A                           –
GP LP *
ICG Strategic Secondaries Carbon Associates                      23      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
LLC *
ICG Strategic Secondaries GP LP *                                2       Jersey                              Limited partner                              N/A                           –
ICG Total Credit (Global) GP S.à r.l.                            24      Luxembourg                          General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Velocity Co-Investor Associates LLC *                        23      United States of America            General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Velocity GP LP *                                             2       Jersey                              Limited partner                              N/A                           –
ICG Watch Jersey GP Limited                                      1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
ICG Watch Limited Partnership                                            United Kingdom                      Limited partner                              N/A                           –
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific 2008 GP                        1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
Limited
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Limited                        7       Hong Kong                           Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Mezzanine                      1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
2005 GP Limited
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Mezzanine                      1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
Opportunity 2005 GP Limited
Intermediate Capital Australia Pty Limited                       12      Australia                           Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital GP 2003 Limited                             1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital GP 2003 No.1 Limited                        1       Jersey                              General partner                              Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group (Italy) S.r.l.                        30      Italy                               Service company                              Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group (Singapore) Pte.                      14      Singapore                           Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Limited
Intermediate Capital Group Benelux B.V.                          11      Netherlands                         Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group                                       4       Germany                             Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Beratungsgesellschaft GmbH
Intermediate Capital Group                                       4       Germany                             Service company                              Ordinary shares            100%
Dienstleistungsgesellschaft mbH
Intermediate Capital Group Inc *                                 13      United States of America            Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group Korea Limited                         18      Republic of Korea                   Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group Polska SZOO                           3       Poland                              Service company                              Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Group SAS                                   8       France                              Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Inc *                                       15      United States of America            Dormant company                              Ordinary shares            100%
Intermediate Capital Managers (Australia) Pty                    12      Australia                           Advisory company                             Ordinary shares            100%
Limited
Intermediate Capital Managers Limited                                    United Kingdom                      Advisory company                             Ordinary shares           100%
Intermediate Capital Nordic AB                                   10      Sweden                              Advisory company                             Ordinary shares           100%
Life Sciences GP S.à r.l.                                        28      Luxembourg                          General partner                              Ordinary shares           100%
Avanton Richmond Developments Limited                            35      United Kingdom                      Special purpose vehicle                      Ordinary shares             70%
Wise Living Homes Limited                                        36      United Kingdom                      Special purpose vehicle                      Ordinary shares          83.33%

1. Where a listed subsidiary does not include any voting rights, such entities voting rights are held on Trust to which the Group’s related entities are the beneficiaries. These subsidiaries
   are deemed to be de facto controlled by ICG plc in line with the Group’s control assessment under the rules of IFRS 10.

** Denotes an entity which has a 31 December reporting date.
** Denotes an entity which has a 31 January reporting date.




                                                                                                                                  ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                     173
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




28. Subsidiaries continued
Indirectly held subsidiaries
        Registered offices
1       Ogier House, The Esplanade, St Helier, JE4 9WG
2       Liberte House 19-23 La Motte Street, St Helier JE2 4SY
3       Aleja Solidarnosci 171 St. 00-877, Warsaw
4       12th Floor, Stockwerk, An der Welle 5, 60322, Frankfurt
5       6D Route de Treves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
6       6th Floor South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4
7       Suites 3414-3417, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
8       7 rue de la Paix, 75002, Paris
9       Serrano 30-3, 28001 Madrid
10      Strandvagen 7a 111 56 Stockholm, Sweden
11      Paulus Potterstraat 20, 2hg, 1071 DA Amsterdam
12      Level 30, 88 Phillip Street, Sydney, NSW 2000
13      600 Lexington Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10022
14      20 Collyer Quay, Unit 21-01, Singapore 049319
15      c/o The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19802
16      c/o The Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808
17      89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman
18      (Daechi-dong) 5th Floor, 26, Samseong-ro 86-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul
19      5 Allee Scheffer, L-2520 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
20      2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808
21      c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
22      Rue de Gasperich, Hesperange, L-5826, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
23      4001 Kennett Pike, Wilmington, Delaware, 19807
24      49, Avenue John F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
25      Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited, PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street, Grand Cayman KY1-1109, Cayman Islands
26      2, boulevard de la Foire, L – 1528 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
27      32-36, boulevard d’Avranches, L-1160 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
28      6 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
29      6H Route de Treves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
30      Milan, Via Manfredo Camperio, no.9. 20123, Italy
31      Level 23, Otemachi Nomura Building, 2-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0004
32      c/o Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc, 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, Delaware 19807
33      44 Esplanade, St Hellier, Jersey, JE4 9WG
34      60 Avenue J.F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, L-1855, Luxembourg
35      51 Welbeck Street, London, W1G 9HL
36      17 Regan Way, Chetwynd Business Park, Chilwell, Nottingham, NG9 6RZ




174    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
The table below shows details of structured entities that the Group is deemed to control:
Name of subsidiary                                                       Country of incorporation                     % of ownership interests and voting rights 2021
US CLO 2014-1                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                     100.0
US CLO 2014-2                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                      72.0
US CLO 2014-3                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                       51.3
US CLO 2015-1                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                      50.3
US CLO 2015-2R                                                           Cayman Islands                                                                      82.5
US CLO 2016-1                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                      55.6
US CLO 2017-1                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                      59.9
US CLO 2020-1                                                            Cayman Islands                                                                       51.5
St. Paul’s CLO II Designated Activity Company                            Ireland                                                                             33.9
St. Paul’s CLO III-R Designated Activity Company                         Ireland                                                                             62.4
St. Paul’s CLO VI Designated Activity Company                            Ireland                                                                              53.2
St. Paul’s CLO VIII                                                      Ireland                                                                              52.7
St. Paul’s CLO XI                                                        Ireland                                                                              57.5
ICG High Yield Bond Fund                                                 Ireland                                                                            100.0
ICG Global Total Credit Fund1                                            Ireland                                                                             84.0
ICG Total Credit (Global) S.C.A                                          Luxembourg                                                                         100.0
ICG US Senior Loan Fund                                                  Cayman Islands                                                                     100.0

1. The Group’s interest in ICG Global Total Credit Fund is held through ICG Total Credit (Global) S.C.A.

The structured entities controlled by the Group include £4,513.6m (2020: £3,796.3m) of assets and £4,458.8m (2020: £3,778.9m) of liabilities
within 17 credit funds listed above. These assets are restricted in their use to being the sole means by which the related fund liabilities can be
settled. All other assets can be accessed or used to settle the other liabilities of the Group without significant restrictions.

The Group has not provided contractual or non-contractual financial or other support to a consolidated structured entity during the period. It is
not the current intention to provide such support, including the intention to assist the structured entity in obtaining financial support.

29. Disposal groups held for sale
Non-current and current financial assets held for sale and disposal groups
 Accounting policy
 Non-current and current financial assets held for sale and disposal groups
 The Group may make an investment and hold the asset on its balance sheet prior to it being transferred into a fund, or sold to third-party
 investors. The assets are expected to be held for a period up to a year, during which the asset will be classified as held for sale. Where the
 investment is held through a controlled investee the entity is classified as a disposal group held for sale.

 The conditions for disposal groups held for sale are regarded as met only when the asset is available for immediate sale, the Directors are
 committed to the sale, and the sale is expected to be completed within one year from the date of classification.

 Disposal groups held for sale are recognised at the lower of fair value less cost to sell and its carrying amount as required by IFRS 5 Non-
 Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, except where the asset is a financial instrument or investment property. The
 measurement of these assets is determined by IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IAS 40 Investment Property respectively. The Group’s
 measurement of these assets is detailed in note 5.

 Financial year ended 31 March 2021
 During the year the Group acquired a controlling interest in Avanton Richmond Limited. The underlying asset in Avanton Richmond Limited is
 an investment property (see note 19) which is currently for sale and is expected to be sold during financial year ended 31 March 2022. This
 entity has been designated a disposal group held for sale. During the year the Group recognised £1.5m of fair value losses relating to the
 assets and liabilities of this entity. These amounts have not been separately presented as they are not material to the Group. As at the year
 ended 31 March 2020 there were no disposal groups held for sale.




                                                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                   175
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




29. Disposal groups held for sale continued
The non-current assets and liabilities of the disposal groups held for sale are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                                                                                                        £m                £m
Non-current assets
Investment property                                                                                                                                                  56.7                  –
Cash                                                                                                                                                                  0.4                  –
Other debtors                                                                                                                                                         0.3                  –
                                                                                                                                                                     57.4                  –
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities                                                                                                                                                           4.8                  –

30. Associates and joint ventures
 Accounting policy
 Investment in associates
 An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, but no control, over the financial and operating policy decisions of the
 entity. As the investments in associates are held for venture capital purposes they are designated at fair value through profit or loss.

 Investment in joint ventures
 A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control over the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the
 arrangements. The results and assets and liabilities of joint ventures are incorporated in these financial statements using the equity method of
 accounting from the date on which the investee becomes a joint venture, except when the investment is held for venture capital purposes in
 which case they are designated as fair value through profit and loss. Under the equity method, an investment in a joint venture is initially
 recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the joint
 venture’s profit or loss.

 The nature of some of the activities of the Group associates and joint ventures are investment related which are seen as complementing the
 Group’s operations and contributing to achieving the Group’s overall strategy. The remaining associates and joint ventures are portfolio
 companies not involved in investment activities.


Details of associates and joint ventures
During the year the Group acquired an interest in ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I (No.1) SCSp.

Details of each of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                                                                              Proportion
                                                                                                                                            of ownership
                                                                                                                                                interest/            Income            Income
                                                                                                                                            voting rights      distributions     distributions
                                                                                                                                              held by the     received from     received from
                                                                                                                                                  Group           associate         associate
                                                                                                                                                    2021                2021             2020
Name of associate                                                 Principal activity             Country of incorporation                               %                £m                £m
ICG Europe Fund V Jersey Limited1                                 Investment company             Jersey                                       20.00%                  0.6             64.6
ICG Europe Fund VI Jersey Limited2                                Investment company             Jersey                                        16.67%                25.9             29.9
ICG North American Private Debt Fund3                             Investment company             United States of America                     20.00%                  6.0              6.0
ICG Asia Pacific Fund III Singapore Pte. Limited4                 Investment company             Singapore                                    20.00%                  2.1              1.0
ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I SF (No.1) SCSp5                  Investment company             Luxembourg                                   30.00%                    –                –

All associates are accounted for at fair value.

1.   The registered address for this entity is IFC 1 – The Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 4BP.
2.   The registered address for this entity is IFC 1 – The Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 4BP.
3.   The registered address for this entity is 600, Lexington Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10022, United States of America.
4.   The registered address for this entity is 1 Raffles Place, #13-01 One Raffles Place, Singapore, 048616.
5.   The registered address for this entity is 6H, Route de Tréves, L - 2633 Senningerberg

The Group has a shareholding in each of these fund entities arising from its co-investment with the fund. The Group appoints the General Partner (GP) to each fund. However, the
investors have substantive rights to remove the GP without cause by Special Investor Consent (1, 2, 4, 5)/Combined Limited Partner Consent (3). The Funds also each have an Advisory
Council, nominated by the investors, whose function is to ensure that the GP is acting in the interest of investors. The Advisory Council could influence investors to invoke Special Investor
Consent/Combined Limited Partner Consent and remove the GP, and as such ICG acts in the capacity of agent to the fund. However, as ICG has a 16.67%–30% holding, and therefore
significant influence in each entity, they have been considered as associates.


176       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Details of each of the Group’s joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                                                                               Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                  ownership         Proportion of
                                                                                                                                             interest held by   voting rights held
                                                                                            Country of                                             the Group         by the Group
Name of joint venture                               Principal activity                      incorporation                                               2021                 2021
Nomura ICG KK                                       Advisory company                        Japan                                                     50%                  50%
Brighton Marina Group Limited                       Investment Company                      United Kingdom                                            70%                  50%

Nomura ICG KK is equity accounted as a joint venture in accordance with IFRS 11. Brighton Marina Group Limited is accounted for at fair value in
accordance with the Group’s accounting policy in note 5 to the financial statements. The Group’s policy is to fair value investments in a portfolio
company on a consistent basis with all other portfolio assets regardless of the classification in the financial statements. Nomura ICG KK is not a
portfolio company and was established to operate the Group’s core business of fund management activities in Japan. Management therefore
considers it more appropriate to equity account for this entity in the financial statements.

The Group holds 70% of the ordinary shares of Brighton Marina Group Limited and the management of this entity is jointly controlled with a third
party who the Group does not control and therefore the Group is unable to execute decisions without the consent of the third party. The Group
and the third party hold all voting rights 50:50.

The Group’s 50% interest in Luxembourg Investment Company 296 S.à r.l. was sold during the year to a Fund managed by the Group.

During the year the Group increased its investment in Avanton Richmond Developments Limited (Avanton Richmond). In performing a control
assessment it was concluded that, due to the exposure to the economic returns of the entity, the Group controlled Avanton Richmond. As the
Directors have plans to sell this asset imminently, the entity has been classified as a disposal group held for sale within the rules of IFRS 5,
see note 29.

Significant restriction
There are no significant restrictions on the ability of associates and joint ventures to transfer funds to the Group other than having sufficient
distributable reserves.

Summarised financial information for associates material to the reporting entity
The Group’s only material associates are ICG Europe Fund V Jersey Limited, ICG Europe Fund VI Jersey Limited and ICG Infrastructure Equity
Fund I SF (No.1) SCSp, which are associates measured at fair value through profit and loss. The information below is derived from the IFRS
financial statements of the entities. Materiality has been determined by the carrying value of the associate as a percentage of total Group assets.

The entities allow the Group to co-invest with ICG Europe Fund V, ICG Europe Fund VI and ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I respectively, aligning
interests with other investors. In addition to the returns on its co-investment the Group receives performance-related fee income from the funds
(see note 3). This is industry standard and is in line with other private equity funds.
                                                                                                                                                    ICG Infrastructure
                                                                         ICG Fund VI Jersey Limited         ICG Fund V Jersey Limited          Equity Fund I SF (No.1) SCSp
                                                                                2021                2020          2021                2020             2021                2020
                                                                                 £m                   £m            £m                  £m               £m                  £m
Current assets                                                               11.8                 5.0           8.6                 2.9              20.5                 17.5
Non-current assets                                                       2,935.4             1,947.3          586.8              575.5              331.7                282.3
Current liabilities                                                        (38.8)               (15.1)         (0.7)               (0.1)           (20.6)                (17.5)
                                                                         2,908.4             1,937.2          594.7              578.3              331.6                282.3
Revenue                                                                    876.8               166.4           25.2               471.1               7.0                  6.3
Profit from continuing operations                                          862.8                166.1          23.6              470.9                7.0                  6.2
Total comprehensive income                                                 862.8                166.1          23.6              470.9                7.0                  6.2

Summarised financial information for equity accounted joint ventures
Nomura ICG KK made a profit from continuing operations and total comprehensive income of £0.3m for the year ended 31 March 2021 (2020:
£1.2m), of which the Group’s share of results accounted for using the equity method is £0.2m for the year ended 31 March 2021 (2020: £0.6m).




                                                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021                        177
Financial statements continued
Notes to the financial statements continued




31. Unconsolidated structured entities
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the
entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual
arrangements. The Group has determined that it has an interest in a structured entity where the Group holds an investment, loan, fee receivable
or commitment with an investment fund or CLO. Where the Group does not hold an investment in the structured entity, management has
determined that the characteristics of control are not met.

The Group, as fund manager, acts in accordance with the pre-defined parameters set out in various agreements. The decision-making authority
of the Group and the rights of third-parties are documented. These agreements include management fees that are commensurate with the
services provided and performance fee arrangements that are industry standard. As such, the Group is acting as agent on behalf of these
investors and therefore these entities are not consolidated into the Group’s results. Consolidated structured entities are detailed in note 28.

At 31 March 2021, the Group’s interest in and exposure to unconsolidated structured entities including outstanding management and
performance fees are detailed in the table below, and recognised within financial assets at FVTPL and trade and other receivables in the
statement of financial position:
                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                                                                                      Maximum
                                      Investment      Management            Management      Performance                               Performance   exposure to
                                          in Fund   fees receivable               fees    fees receivable                                    fees          loss
Funds                                          £m               £m                  %                 £m                                        %           £m
CLOs                                     132.1                3.8     0.35% to 0.65%                    –                      0.05% to 0.20%          135.9
                                                                                                             20% of returns in excess of 0% for
Credit Funds                              16.0               11.1     0.40% to 1.50%                0.1           Alternative Credit Fund only           27.1
                                                                                                            20%-25% of total performance fee
Corporate Investment Funds            1,373.2              40.4       0.60% to 2.00%              58.6      of 20% of profit over the threshold      1,472.3
Real Asset Funds                        204.1              20.7        0.38% to 1.50%                –      20% of returns in excess of 9% IRR         224.8
                                                                                                            10%-20% of total performance fee
                                                                                                                  of 8%-20% of profit over the
Secondaries Funds                       215.6               8.8        1.25% to 1.50%              4.1                                threshold       228.5
Total                                 1,941.0              84.8                                   62.8                                              2,088.6

                                                                                                 2020
                                                                                                                                                      Maximum
                                      Investment      Management             Management     Performance                               Performance   exposure to
                                          in Fund   fees receivable                fees   fees receivable                                    fees          loss
Funds                                          £m               £m                   %                £m                                        %           £m
CLOs                                     117.4                3.4     0.35% to 0.65%                    –                    0.05% to 0.20%            120.8
                                                                                                          20% of returns in excess of 0% for
Credit Funds                               19.5               7.2     0.40% to 0.75%                 –               Alternative Credit Fund             26.7
                                                                                                        20%-25% of total performance fee of
Corporate Investment Funds            1,092.7               39.7        0.50% to 2.0%             23.4      20% of profit over the threshold         1,155.8
Real Asset Funds                         89.1               13.2       0.38% to 1.50%                –    20% of returns in excess of 9% IRR           102.3
                                                                                                        10%-20% of total performance fee of
Secondaries Funds                       140.1                 7.7      1.25% to 1.50%               1.1 8%-20% of profit over the threshold            148.9
Total                                1,458.8                 71.2                                 24.5                                               1,554.5

ICG’s maximum exposure to loss is equal to the value of any investments held and unpaid management fees and performance fees.

ICG has not provided non-contractual financial or other support to the unconsolidated structured entities during the year. It is not the current
intention to provide such support, including the intention to assist the structured entity in obtaining financial support.

During the year ended 31 March 2020 a structured entity was deconsolidated. £37m of restricted cash relating to this entity is included within the
prior year consolidated cash flow statement. There has been no deconsolidation of a Group entity during the current year.




178     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
32. Contingent liabilities
The Parent Company and its subsidiaries may be party to legal claims arising in the course of business. The Directors do not anticipate that the
outcome of any such potential proceedings and claims will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position and at present there
are no such claims where their financial impact can be reasonably estimated. The Parent Company and its subsidiaries may be able to recover any
monies paid out in settlement of claims from third parties.

There are no other material contingent liabilities.

33. Post balance sheet events
There have been no material events since the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021        179
Other Information

Glossary

Non-IFRS alternative performance measures (APM) are defined below:

Term                   Short Form    Definition

–– APM earnings        EPS           APM profit after tax (annualised when reporting a six-month period’s results) divided by the weighted
   per share                         average number of ordinary shares as detailed in note 16.
–– APM Group                         Group profit before tax adjusted for the impact of the consolidated structured entities. As at 31 March,
   profit before tax                 this is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                            2021          2020

                                     Profit before tax                                                              £509.5m         £114.5m
                                     Less consolidated structured entities                                           (£1.8m)         (£3.7m)
                                     APM Group profit/(loss) before tax                                             £507.7m        £110.8m
–– APM Investment                    Investment Company profit adjusted for the impact of the consolidated structured entities. As at 31
   Company profit                    March, this is calculated as follows:
   before tax                                                                                                               2021          2020

                                     Investment Company profit before tax                                               £307.2m    (£68.6m)
                                     Less consolidated structured entities                                               (£1.8m)     (£3.7m)
                                     APM Investment Company profit/(loss) before tax                                    £305.4m    (£72.3m)
–– APM return on       ROE           APM profit after tax (annualised when reporting a six month period’s results) divided by average
   equity                            shareholders’ funds for the period. As at 31 March, this is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                            2021          2020

                                     APM profit after tax                                                               £462.7m       £109.2m
                                     Average shareholders’ funds                                                      £1,406.5m     £1,387.7m
                                     APM return on equity                                                                 32.9%          7.9%
–– Assets under        AUM           Value of all funds and assets managed by the FMC. During the investment period third-party AUM is
   management                        measured on the basis of committed capital. Once outside the investment period third-party AUM is
                                     measured on the basis of invested cost. AUM is presented in US dollars, with non-US dollar
                                     denominated at the period end closing rate.
–– Balance sheet                     The balance sheet investment portfolio represents financial assets from the statement of financial
   investment                        position, adjusted for the impact of the consolidated structured entities and excluding derivatives and
   portfolio                         other financial assets. See note 4 for a full reconciliation.
–– Cash profit         PICP          Cash profit is defined as internally reported profit before tax and incentive schemes, adjusted for
                                     non-cash items
                                                                                                                            2021          2020

                                     APM profit before tax                                                              £507.7m      £110.8m
                                     Add back incentive schemes                                                         £103.5m     £104.3m
                                     Other adjustments                                                                (£366.4m)      £150.5m
                                     Cash profit                                                                       £244.8m      £365.6m
–– Dividend income                   Dividend income represents distributions received from equity investments. Dividend income reported
                                     on an internal basis excludes the impact of the consolidated structured entities.
                                     See note 4 for a full reconciliation.
–– Earnings per        EPS           Profit after tax (annualised when reporting a six-month period’s results) divided by the weighted
   share                             average number of ordinary shares as detailed in note 16.
–– EBITDA                            Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.




180    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Term                  Short Form   Definition

–– Interest expense                Interest expense excludes the cost of financing associated with the consolidated structured entities.
                                   See note 11 for a full reconciliation.
–– APM net asset                   Total equity from the statement of financial position adjusted for the impact of the consolidated
   value per share                 structured entities divided by the closing number of ordinary shares. As at 31 March, this is calculated
                                   as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021           2020

                                   Total equity                                                                        £1,619.5m £1,306.5m
                                   Closing number of ordinary shares                                                285,887,286 283,279,690
                                   Net asset value per share                                                                566p            461p
–– Net current                     The total of cash, plus current financial assets, plus other current assets, less current liabilities as
   assets                          internally reported. This excludes the consolidated structured entities. As at 31 March, this is calculated
                                   as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021           2020

                                   Cash                                                                                  £296.9       £947.9m
                                   Current financial assets                                                            £108.9m          £12.8m
                                   Other current assets                                                                 £139.3m       £240.0m
                                   Current financial liabilities                                                         (£8.8m)     (£256.0m)
                                   Other current liabilities                                                          (£107.4m)      (£182.4m)
                                   Net current assets                                                                  £428.9m        £752.3m

                                   On an IFRS basis net current assets are as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021           2020

                                   Cash                                                                                 £581.2m £1,086.9m
                                   Current financial assets                                                              £64.6m     £12.8m
                                   Other current assets                                                                 £335.0m   £334.5m
                                   Disposal groups held for sale                                                         £57.4m          –
                                   Current financial liabilities                                                       (£116.2m) (£256.0m)
                                   Other current liabilities                                                          (£499.6m) (£359.0m)
                                   Liabilities directly associated with disposal groups held for sale                    (£4.8m)         –
                                   Net current assets                                                                   £417.6m   £819.2m




                                                                                               ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021           181
Other Information continued
Glossary continued




Term                  Short Form    Definition

–– Net debt                         Net debt, along with gearing, is used by management as a measure of balance sheet efficiency.
                                    Net debt includes unencumbered cash whereas gearing uses gross borrowings and is therefore not
                                    impacted by movements in cash balances.
                                    Total drawn debt less unencumbered cash of the Group, excluding the consolidated structured
                                    entities. As at 31 March, this is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021          2020

                                    APM gross drawn debt (see page 47)                                                 £1,324.1m       £1,915.1m
                                    Less unencumbered cash                                                             (£296.9m) (£947.9m)
                                    Net debt                                                                           £1,027.2m       £967.2m
–– Net gearing                      Net gearing is used by management as a measure of balance sheet efficiency. Net debt, excluding the
                                    consolidated structured entities, divided by total equity from the statement of financial position adjusted
                                    for the impact of the consolidated structured entities. As at 31 March, this is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021          2020

                                    Net debt                                                                          £1,027.2m       £967.2m
                                    Shareholders’ equity                                                             £,1,619.5m £1,306.5m
                                    Net gearing                                                                           0.63x         0.74x
–– Net Investment                   Net Investment Returns is the total of interest income, capital gains, dividend and other income less
   Returns                          asset impairments.
–– Operating                        Operating cashflow represents the cash generated from operating activities from the statement of
   cashflow                         cashflows, adjusted for the impact of the consolidated structured entities. See note 4 for a full
                                    reconciliation.
–– Operating                        Investment Company operating expenses are adjusted for the impact of the consolidated structured
   expenses of the                  entities. See note 4 for a full reconciliation.
   Investment
   Company
–– Operating profit                 Fund Management Company profit before tax divided by Fund Management Company total revenue.
   margin                           As at 31 March this is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021          2020

                                    Fund Management Company profit before tax                                      £202.3m        £183.1m
                                    Fund Management Company total revenue                                          £388.5m        £341.4m
                                    Operating profit margin                                                            52.1%        53.6%
–– Third Party Fee                  AUM for which the Group is paid a management fee or performance fee. Fee-earning AUM is
   Earning AUM                      determined by the fee basis on which the fund earns fees, either commitments or investments.
–– Third Party                      Fees generated on fund management activities as reported in the Fund Management Company
   Fee Income                       including fees generated by consolidated structured entities which are excluded from the IFRS
                                    consolidation position. See note 4 for a full reconciliation.
–– Total AUM                        Total AUM is calculated by adding Third Party AUM and the value of the Balance Sheet Investment
                                    Portfolio, excluding warehoused investments:
                                                                                                                             2021          2020

                                    Third Party AUM                                                                    $56.2bn        $47.2bn
                                    Balance Sheet Investment Portfolio (excluding warehoused investments)               $3.4bn         $2.8bn
                                    Total AUM                                                                          $59.6bn        $50.0bn
–– Total available                  Total available liquidity comprises cash and available undrawn debt facilities.
   liquidity
–– Weighted-                        An average fee rate across all strategies based on fee earning AUM in which the fees earned are
   average fee rate                 weighted based on the relative AUM.




182    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Other definitions which have not been identified as non-IFRS GAAP alternative performance measures are as follows:

Term                   Short Form      Definition

–– AIFMD                               The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive.
–– Alternative         APM             These are non-IFRS financial measures.
   performance
   measure
–– Catch-up fees                       Fees charged to investors who commit to a fund after its first close. This has the impact of backdating
                                       their commitment thereby aligning all investors in the fund.
–– Closed-end fund                     A fund where investor’s commitments are fixed for the duration of the fund and the fund has a defined
                                       investment period.
–– Co-investment       Co-invest       A direct investment made alongside or in a fund taking a pro-rata share of all instruments.
–– Collateralised      CLO             CLO is a type of investment grade security backed by a pool of loans .
   Loan Obligation
–– Close                               A stage in fundraising whereby a fund is able to release or draw down the capital contractually
                                       committed at that date.
–– Default                             An ‘event of default’ is defined as:
                                       –– A company fails to make timely payment of principal and/or interest under the contractual terms of
                                          any financial obligation by the required payment date
                                       –– A restructuring of the company’s obligations as a result of distressed circumstances
                                       –– A company enters into bankruptcy or receivership
–– Direct                              Funds which invest in self-originated transactions for which there is a low volume, illiquid secondary
   investment funds                    market.
–– Employee            EBT             Special purpose vehicle used to purchase ICG plc shares which are used to satisfy share options and
   Benefit Trust                       awards granted under the Group’s employee share schemes.
–– Environmental,      ESG             Environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria are a set of standards for a company’s operations
   Social and                          that socially conscious investors use to screen potential investments.
   Governance
   criteria
–– Financial           FCA             Regulates conduct by both retail and wholesale financial service companies in provision of services
   Conduct                             to consumers.
   Authority
–– Financial           FRC             The UK’s independent regulator responsible for promoting high quality corporate governance and
   Reporting                           reporting.
   Council
–– Fund                FMC             The Group’s fund management business, which sources and manages investments on behalf of the IC
   Management                          and third-party funds.
   Company
–– HMRC                                HM Revenue & Customs, the UK tax authority.
–– IAS                                 International Accounting Standards.
–– IFRS                                International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.
–– Illiquid assets                     Asset classes which are not actively traded.
–– Internal Capital    ICAAP           The ICAAP allows companies to assess the level of capital that adequately supports all relevant current
   Adequacy                            and future risks in their business.
   Assessment
   Process
–– Investment          IC              The Investment Company invests the Group’s capital in support of third-party fundraising and funds
   Company                             the development of new strategies.
–– Internal Rate of    IRR             The annualised return received by an investor in a fund. It is calculated from cash drawn from and
   Return                              returned to the investor together with the residual value of the asset.




                                                                                                 ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021         183
Other Information continued
Glossary continued




Term                    Short Form    Definition

–– Key Person                         Certain funds have a designated Key Person. The departure of a Key Person without adequate
                                      replacement triggers a contractual right for investors to cancel their commitments or kick-out of the
                                      Group as fund manager.
–– Key performance      KPI           A business metric used to evaluate factors that are crucial to the success of an organisation.
   indicator
–– Key risk indicator   KRI           A measure used to indicate how risky an activity is. It is an indicator of the possibility of future adverse
                                      impact.
–– Liquid assets                      Asset classes with an active, established market in which assets may be readily bought and sold.
–– Money multiple       MOIC or MM    Cumulative returns divided by original capital invested.
–– Open-ended                         A fund which remains open to new commitments and where an investor’s commitment may be
   fund                               redeemed with appropriate notice.
–– Payment in kind      PIK           Also known as rolled-up interest. PIK is the interest accruing on a loan until maturity or refinancing,
                                      without any cashflows until that time.
–– Performance          Carried       Share of profits that the fund manager is due once it has returned the cost of investment and agreed
   fees                 interest or   preferred return to investors.
                        Carry
–– Realisation                        The return of invested capital in the form of principal, rolled-up interest and/or capital gain.
–– Sustainable          SASB          The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board is an independent non-profit organisation that sets
   Accounting                         standards to guide the disclosure of financially material sustainability information by companies to their
   Standards Board                    investors.
–– Securitisation                     A form of financial structuring whereby a pool of assets is used as security (collateral) for the issue of
                                      new financial instruments.
–– SFDR                               Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation
–– Structured                         Entities which are classified as investment funds, credit funds or CLOs and are deemed to be
   entities                           controlled by the Group, through its interests in either an investment, loan, fee receivable, guarantee or
                                      commitment. These entities can also be interchangeably referred to as credit funds.
–– TCFD                               Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
–– Total AUM                          The aggregate of the Third Party AUM and the Balance Sheet investment portfolio.
–– UK Corporate         The Code      Sets out standards of good practice in relation to board leadership and effectiveness, remuneration,
   Governance                         accountability and relations with shareholders.
   Code
–– UNPRI                              UN Principles for Responsible Investing.
–– Weighted                           An average in which each quantity to be averaged is assigned a weight. These weightings determine
   average                            the relative importance of each quantity on the average.




184    ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
ESG index


Page   Section                     ESG       ESG component                              Description

1      Introduction                G         Corporate governance                       Culture and values
2-3    Our business at a glance    General   N/A                                        Strategic ESG priorities
4-5    We invest globally          E         Responsible investment: Climate            Investment case study
                                             stability, natural resources, innovation
                                   G         Corporate governance                       Culture and values
6-7    We create value             E         Responsible investment: Climate            Investment case study
                                             stability, natural resources, innovation
8-9    We grow sustainably         E         Responsible investment: Climate            Investment case study
                                             stability, natural resources, innovation
                                   G         Corporate governance                       ESG priorities
10     Chairman's statement        G         Corporate governance                       Integration of ESG into Group's business
12     The ICG business model      G         Corporate governance, risk management      Business model
                                   S         Human capital management, diversity,       Business model
                                             value chain, society
18     Market environment          E         Responsible investment                     Market trends in responsible
                                                                                        investments
23     Our strategy and KPIs       S         Diversity                                  UK senior management gender diversity
24     Section 172(1) statement    E         Climate stability, natural resources,      Communication with stakeholders
                                             innovation
                                   S         Human capital management, diversity,       Communication with stakeholders
                                             value chain, society
                                   G         Corporate governance, risk management      Communication with stakeholders
30     Responsible business        E         Responsible investment: Climate            Approach to responsible investment
                                             stability, natural resources, innovation
33     Environment                 E         Climate stability, natural resources       GHG emission disclosure
                                   G         Corporate governance, transparency         Third-party fund GHG emission
                                                                                        disclosure
34     TCFD disclosures            E         Climate stability                          TCFD disclosure
                                   G         Corporate governance, transparency         TCFD disclosure
36     Employee engagement         S         Human capital management, diversity,       Employee engagement
                                             society
37     Non-financial information   E         Anti-bribery & corruption, human capital
       statement                             management, diversity, value chain,
                                             climate stability
                                   S         Human capital management, diversity,
                                             value chain, society
                                   G         Corporate governance, anti-bribery &
                                             corruption, transparency
49     Risk management             E         Climate stability                          ESG risk disclosure
                                   G         Risk management, transparency              Strategic risk report
                                   S         Human capital management                   Covid-19 risk disclosure
57     Viability statement         G         Risk management, transparency              Viability statement
58     Governance                  G         Corporate governance, risk                 Corporate governance disclosures
                                             management, transparency                   including Committee reports
                                   S         Human capital management, diversity        Nominations and Governance
                                                                                        Committee reports




                                                                                   ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021       185
Carried interest earning funds
(unaudited)
                                                                  Third-party         Target money
Fund                                                              capital             multiple        % Carried interest1

Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific 2005         $300m                                  N/A             25% of 20 over 8
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific 2008         $600m                                  1.35x           20% of 20 over 8
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund III     $491m                                  1.8x            20% of 20 over 7
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund IV      $525m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 7
Nomura ICG Fund A                              ¥26,501m                               1.3x            10% of 20 over 4
ICG Europe Fund IV 2006B                       €974m                                  1.8x            20% of 5 over 8
ICG Europe Fund V                              €2,000m                                1.6x            20% of 20 over 8
ICG Europe Fund VI                             €2,500m                                1.6x            20% of 20 over 8
ICG Europe Fund VII                            €4,000m                                1.8x            20% of 20 over 8
ICG Recovery Fund 2008B                        €638m                                  2.0x            20% of 12.5 over 8 up to 20% of 15 over 20
ICG Europe Mid-Market Fund                     €893m                                  1.8x            20% of 20 over 8
ICG Europe co-investment funds                 €218m                                  1.8x            20% of 10 over 8
ICG-Longbow Fund III                           £605m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 9
ICG-Longbow Fund IV                            £945m                                  N/A             10% of 20 over 8
ICG-Longbow Fund V                             £901m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 6
ICG-Longbow Development funds                  £300m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 9
ICG Sale and Leaseback Fund I                  €787m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 8
ICG Infrastructure Equity Fund I               €667m                                  N/A             20% of 15 over 7
North American Private Debt Fund               $590                                   N/A             20% of 20 over 8
North American Private Debt Fund II            $1,200m                                N/A             20% of 20 over 8
ICG Private Markets Pooling – Sale & Leaseback €392m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 8
ICG Senior Debt Partners Fund I                €700m                                  1.2x            20% of 14 over 6
ICG Senior Debt Partners Fund II               €1,492m                                1.2x            20% of 15 over 4 up to 20% of 20 over 7
Senior Debt Partners co-investment fund        €286m                                  1.2x            20% of 15 over 6
Senior Debt Partners co-investment fund        €600m                                  1.2x            20% of 13 over 7
Senior Debt Partners co-investment funds       €3,679m                                1.2x            20% of 15 over 4 up to 20% of 20 over 7
Senior Debt Partners co-investment fund        €54m                                   1.2x            20% of 20 over 4
Senior Debt Partners co-investment funds       €290m                                  1.2x            20% of 20 over 7
Senior Debt Partners co-investment fund        €350m                                  1.2x            20% of 5.0625% over 7 rising to 20% of 13.5 over 7
Senior Debt Partners III                       €2,480m                                1.2x            20% of 15 over 4 up to 20% of 20 over 7
ICG Senior Debt Partners IV                    €3,130m                                1.2x            20% of 15 over 4 up to 20% of 20 over 7
ICG Strategic Secondaries Fund II              $866m                                  1.75x           20% of 12.5 over 8
ICG Strategic Equity Fund III                  $1,650m                                N/A             20% of 15 over 8 up to 20% of 20 over 20 and 1.5x money multiple
ICG Strategic Equity co-investment fund        $85m                                   N/A             20% of 15 over 10 up to 20% of 20 over 20 and 1.5x money multiple
ICG Strategic Equity co-investment fund        $46m                                   N/A             20% of 12.5 over 8
ICG Strategic Equity co-investment fund        $260m                                  N/A             20% of 15 over 8 up to 20% of 20 over 20 and 1.5x money multiple
ICG Strategic Equity co-investment fund        $300m                                  N/A             20% of 20 over 8
                                                                                                      50% or 100% of 10% subject to an 8% compound return on an
ICG Enterprise Trust                                              £826m               N/A             investment by investment basis
ICG Alternative Credit Fund                                       €627m               N/A             50% of performance fee

1. Total carried interest is a fixed percentage of the fund gains. For example, in Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific 2005 the carry is 20% of gains and the Group is entitled to 25% of this.
   Carried interest is triggered when fund returns exceed a hurdle; for Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific 2005 this is 8%.




186       ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
Third Party AUM by fund                                   Status                             FY21 AUM ($m)   FY20 AUM ($m)

Corporate investments funds
Mezzanine Fund 2003                                       Fully invested                                –            12.2
ICG Europe Fund V                                         Fully invested                           541.6           533.8
ICG Recovery Fund 2008B                                   Fully invested                           307.9          394.5
ICG EF 2006B                                              Fully invested                              8.5          128.8
ICG Europe Fund VI                                        Fully invested                         1,739.6        1,839.8
ICG Europe Fund VII                                       Investing                             4,692.4         4,412.4
ICG Europe Mid-Market                                     Investing                             1,046.1           983.6
Europe Co-investment                                      Fully invested                           222.4           211.9
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Mezzanine Fund I 2005   Fully invested                              7.9             7.9
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund 2008               Fully invested                             72.2           95.9
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund III                Fully invested                           295.8           327.5
Intermediate Capital Asia Pacific Fund IV                 Investing                                425.0          145.0
Nomura ICG Fund                                           Investing                                  41.7         109.4
North American Private Debt Fund                          Fully invested                            277.1          311.9
North American Private Debt Fund II                       Investing                              1,200.1        1,200.0
North American Private Debt co-invest                     Investing                                  75.0           75.0
ICG Senior Debt Partners I                                Fully invested                                –           59.4
ICG Senior Debt Partners II                               Fully invested                           920.5          907.2
ICG Senior Debt Partners III                              Fully invested                        2,356.9         2,783.5
ICG Senior Debt Partners IV                               Investing                             5,166.6         2,055.4
Senior Debt Partners Co-investment                        Investing                             6,241.3         5,456.6
ICG Australia Senior Loan Fund                            Open ended                             1,052.1           769.1
ICG Recovery Fund II                                      Fundraising                              516.0                –
Corporate investment funds total                                                               27,206.7        22,821.0
Capital market investments funds
Alternative Credit strategies                             Fundraising                            1,373.2         1,134.5
European credit strategies                                Open ended                            5,236.7         4,630.5
Global credit strategies                                  Open ended                              928.4            501.7
Eurocredit CLOs                                           Fully invested                            17.4            26.1
European CLOs                                             Investing                             5,050.8         4,364.8
US CLOs                                                   Investing                             5,391.6         4,599.4
Capital market investments funds total                                                         17,998.1        15,256.9
Real asset investments funds
ICG-Longbow UK Real Estate Debt Investments III           Fully invested                          193.4             308.7
ICG-Longbow UK Real Estate Debt Investments IV            Fully invested                           577.2           680.2
ICG-Longbow UK Real Estate Debt Investments V             Fully invested                        1,244.4           1,120.2
ICG Real Estate Debt Investments VI                       Fundraising                             286.7                 –
ICG-Longbow Senior Debt – listed fund                     Investing                                152.8            137.6
ICG-Longbow Senior Debt programme                         Investing                             1,677.4          1,676.9
ICG-Longbow Development Fund                              Investing                               849.2            764.5
ICG Private Markets Pooling – Sale & Leaseback            Fundraising                              787.3            532.2
Infrastructure Equity                                     Fundraising                             548.2             233.3
Real assets funds total                                                                         6,316.6          5,453.6
Secondary investments funds
ICG Strategic Secondaries Fund II                         Fully invested                          298.5            523.7
ICG Strategic Equity Fund III                             Fully invested                         1,112.4        1,649.6
ICG Strategic Equity Fund IV                              Fundraising                           1,258.6                –
Strategic Equity Co-investment                            Fully invested                          822.5           620.0
ICG Enterprise Trust – listed fund                        Investing                              1,138.5           919.1
Secondary investments funds total                                                               4,630.5          3,712.4
Total third-party assets under management                                                      56,152.0        47,243.9
                                                                           ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021        187
Shareholder and Company information


Timetable
Event                                                 Date

–– Ex-dividend date                                   –– 17 June 2021
–– Record date                                        –– 18 June 2021
–– Last date for dividend reinvestment election       –– 15 July 2021
–– Last date and time for submitting Forms of Proxy   –– 9.00am, 27 July 2021
–– AGM and Trading statement                          –– 29 July 2021
–– Payment of ordinary dividend                       –– 5 August 2021
–– Half year results announcement                     –– 16 November 2021




Company Information
Stockbrokers                                            Registrars
Citi Global Markets Limited                             Computershare Investor Services PLC
Citigroup Centre                                        PO Box 92
33 Canada Square                                        The Pavilions
London                                                  Bridgwater Road
E14 5LB                                                 Bristol
                                                        BS99 7NH
Numis Securities Limited
The London Stock Exchange Building                      Registered office
10 Paternoster Square                                   Procession House
London                                                  55 Ludgate Hill
EC4M 7LT                                                London
                                                        EC4M 7JW
Auditor
Ernst & Young LLP                                       Company registration number
25 Churchill Place                                      02234775
Canary Wharf
London
E14 5EY




188     ICG | Annual Report & Accounts 2021
This report is printed on paper certified in accordance with the FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council®) and is recyclable and acid-free.
Pureprint Ltd is FSC certified and ISO 14001 certified showing that it is committed to all round excellence and improving
 environmental performance is an important part of this strategy. Pureprint Ltd aims to reduce at source the effect its operations have
 on the environment and is committed to continual improvement, prevention of pollution and compliance with any legislation or
 industry standards. Pureprint Ltd is a Carbon/Neutral® Printing Company.


Designed and produced by Black Sun Plc
www.blacksunplc.com
icgam.com




Procession House,
55 Ludgate Hill,
London, EC4M 7JW
