2024                               2024
中期 報告                              Interim Report




        INTERIM REPORT 中期報告 2024
CORE VALUES
Integrity           Teamwork
Trust               Embrace change




VISION
We create beauty in motion
with intelligence




MISSION
Make automobiles lighter, prettier
and more intelligent




   This interim report is printed
   on environmental paper
CONTENTS
2          Corporate Information

4          Management Discussion and Analysis

48         Other Information

           Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated
54
           Financial Statements

           Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or
56
           Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

           Condensed Consolidated Statement of
58
           Financial Position

           Condensed Consolidated Statement of
60
           Changes in Equity

           Condensed Consolidated Statement of
62
           Cash Flows

           Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
64
           Financial Statements




*    Should there be any discrepancy between the English and Chinese versions,

     the English version shall prevail.
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    THE BOARD                                GROUP HEADQUARTER

    Executive directors                      3/F, No. 19 Lane 146, Xinhu 2nd Road
                                             Neihu District, Taipei City
    Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and          Postal Code 114065
      Chief Executive Officer)               Website: www.minthgroup.com
    Ye Guo Qiang
    Zhang Yuxia                              REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS

    Non-executive director                   Asia-Pacific
                                             No. 1 Yazhong Road, Nanhu District
    Chin Chien Ya                            Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province
                                             Postal Code 314006
    Independent non-executive directors      China
                                             Tel: (86 573) 8368–6700
    Wang Ching
    Mok Kwai Pui Bill                        North America
    Tatsunobu Sako                           51331 Pontiac Trail, Wixom
    Meng Li Qiu                              Michigan, 48393, USA
    Chen Quan Shi (retired on 31 May 2024)
                                             Europe
    COMPANY SECRETARY                        Carl-von-Linde-Str. 38, 85716
                                             Unterschleißheim, Germany
    Yi Lei Li
                                             OFFICE IN HONG KONG
    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                             7/F., K11 Atelier, Victoria Dockside
    Cricket Square                           No. 18 Salisbury Road
    Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681            Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong
    Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Cayman Islands




2   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL BANKERS                    AUDITOR

Bank of China                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Ningbo Development Zone sub-branch   Certified Public Accountants
21 Donghai Road                      35/F, One Pacific Place
Ningbo Economic and Technological    88 Queensway
  Development Zone                   Hong Kong
China
                                     LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE
Citibank N.A.                        COMPANY
Hong Kong Branch
44/F Citibank Tower                  As to Hong Kong Law
No. 3 Garden Road                    Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
Central, Hong Kong                   17/F, One Island East
                                     Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                     As to PRC Law
Suntera (Cayman) Limited             Zhejiang T&C Law Firm
Suite 3204, Unit 2A                  11/F Block A Dragon Century Square
Block 3, Building D                  1 Hangda Road
P.O. Box 1586                        Hangzhou
Gardenia Court                       China
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100               As to Cayman Islands Law
Cayman Islands                       Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                     Century Yard, Cricket Square
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE               Hutchins Drive, George Town
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER               Grand Cayman, British West Indies
OFFICE
                                     STOCK CODE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor
  Services Limited                   SEHK Code: 0425
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai, Hong Kong


                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

    During the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Review Period”), the main economic
    indicators of the automobile industry in China have shown a growing trend. With consistent
    support from favourable policies such as vehicle trade-ins and penetration of new energy
    vehicles (“NEVs”) into rural areas, coupled with the continuous launch of new models and
    promotional activities by various OEMs, the Chinese automobile market, especially the
    passenger vehicle market, witnessed an encouraging growth. During the Review Period,
    according to the data from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (“CAAM”),
    the production and sales of China’s passenger vehicles were approximately 11,886,000
    units and approximately 11,979,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
    of approximately 5.4% and approximately 6.3% respectively. According to the data from
    CAAM, China has exported approximately 2,793,000 complete vehicles during the Review
    Period, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 30.5%. The rapid growth of
    automobile exports has contributed significantly to the growth of China’s overall automobile
    production and sales. During the Review Period, the market share of Chinese OEMs for
    passenger vehicles, riding on its leading position in the electric vehicle segment, further
    increased to a record high of approximately 61.9%, representing a year-on-year growth
    of approximately 8.8 percentage points. As for joint venture OEMs, the market share of
    German, Japanese and American OEMs were approximately 16%, approximately 12% and
    approximately 7.1%, representing a year-on-year drop of approximately 3.1 percentage
    points, approximately 2.9 percentage points and approximately 2.4 percentage points
    respectively. The market share of Korean OEMs amounted to approximately 1.7%, which
    remained essentially flat compared to that of the same period in the previous year. During
    the Review Period, the production and sales of NEVs in the Chinese market continued
    to grow at a relatively fast pace, with a steadily increasing market share. According to
    the data from CAAM, the sales of NEVs amounted to approximately 4,944,000 units,
    representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 32%, with a market share of
    approximately 35.2%.

    According to the statistics of GlobalData, global sales of light vehicles were approximately
    42,354,000 units during the Review Period, representing a year-on-year increase of
    approximately 2.3%. During the Review Period, among the major mature markets, sales
    in the United States (the “US”) amounted to approximately 7,893,000 units, representing
    a year-on-year growth of approximately 2.3%; sales in Western Europe amounted to
    approximately 6,141,000 units, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 3.7%;
    and sales in Japan amounted to approximately 2,127,000 units, representing a year-on-year


4   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


decline of approximately 13.2%. As to the major emerging markets, during the Review
Period, sales in Brazil and India increased by approximately 15.7% and approximately
7.2% year-on-year respectively; while sales in Thailand dropped by approximately 24.2%
year-on-year. In addition, during the Review Period, sales in Mexico and Russia increased
by approximately 11.9% and approximately 74.5% year-on-year respectively.


COMPANY OVERVIEW

Minth Group Limited (the “Company”) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”) is primarily engaged in two major businesses, namely the research and
development (“R&D”), production and sales of auto parts, as well as that of toolings and
moulds. The auto part business of the Group mainly includes metal and trim products,
plastic products, aluminium products and battery housing products. The tooling and
mould business mainly includes various moulds, gauges and fixtures for the development,
processing and production of automobile exterior decorative parts and body structural
parts. As a globalized supplier, the Group has established worldwide presence through
the development of R&D, design, production and sales networks in China, the US,
Mexico, Germany, the United Kingdom, Serbia, the Czech Republic, Thailand, Japan, South
Korea, France and Poland. Together with the new base in Canada that is under planning,
the Group is committed to continuously providing customers with quality services and
products.


During the Review Period, the four product business units (“BUs”) of the Group, namely
plastic products, aluminium products, metal and trim products, and battery housing
products, continued to maintain effective collaboration with cross-functional departments
and production plants to further improve operational efficiency. By building regional “major
hubs” worldwide and extending satellite factories around the hubs, the Group was able
to achieve synergy in global production capacity while maintaining independent regional
operations; and by continuing to enhance the “Glocal” (global + local) business philosophy
and optimise localization, the Group strengthened its global advantage and continuously
developed its core competitiveness in terms of technology, product, resource and talent.
Meanwhile, in consideration of practical requirements in its business development,
the Group carried out reasonable planning and investment on production capacity, and
established a systematic management process for the entire asset life cycle, thereby
achieving a production capacity layout that is most in line with Minth’s global operations.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    During the Review Period, the Group continued to deepen the implementation of Minth
    Operation Excellence System (敏實卓越運營系統), promote lean production, boost the
    overall competitiveness of its products through enhancing processes, manufacturing
    technologies and production models, and strive for a thorough penetration of these
    products at customers’ end. Meanwhile, through frequent exchange and interaction with
    its customers, the Group remained committed to the provision of optimal systematic
    solutions to customers’ internal combustion engine (“ICE”) vehicle models and NEV
    models by perceiving customer demands in relation to product, technology and material
    innovation. On top of the diversified customer base it has accumulated, the Group has
    paid immediate attention to the business development of its OEM customers to adjust its
    business structure in a timely manner. During the Review Period, the Group continued to
    focus on the business development of Chinese OEMs and NEV start-ups, while striving to
    secure new business orders from Japanese and Korean OEMs in the international markets,
    which has achieved steady results. During the Review Period, the Group continued to
    grow its revenue from battery housing business, body and chassis structural parts and
    intelligent exterior decorative parts at a rapid pace, while achieving a steady growth in
    traditional products. This, coupled with the cultivation of new product fields such as battery
    cell structural parts, which have already been under planning, will serve as the driving
    force of the Group’s sustainable development in medium to long term.


    The Group continues to promote digital transformation and is ever-closer to digital
    operation and decision-making. With the in-depth implementation of multiple digital
    application systems such as ERP, MES and SCADA, the Group has achieved digitalisation
    in product design and development throughout the entire life cycle, covering from
    production, fixed assets to R&D data, which were accomplished by data connection,
    information visibility, lean analysis, efficient end-to-end synergy, digital deployment of
    on-site management and digital security. This has laid a solid foundation for enhancing
    the digital management of its entire operation process and improving the efficiency of
    its corporate operations comprehensively. The Group continues to cooperate with a team
    of professional consultants in digital transformation to promote the rapid rollout of the
    Group’s digital platform templates in its global factories, with the aim of realizing rapid
    collaborative handling of orders, multi-dimensional intelligent operation, interconnection
    and interoperability among various segments, thereby creating a forward-looking operation
    and management model. As its practical experience continued to accumulate, the
    contribution of digital transformation to the Group’s efficient operation and operational
    focuses has become more and more prominent. During the Review Period, Certain BUs
    of the Group have started to establish a timely indicator platform for critical information


6   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


of global operation, so that the critical operational information of each factory can be
swiftly presented on a unified digitalised platform, and timely operational adjustments and
improvements can be made accordingly. The increasing maturity and successful replication
of these operational practices will pave the way for the Group’s comprehensive digital
transformation, which will in turn facilitate its agile operations.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to build on its environment, occupational
health and safety (“EHS”) system and the stated objective of “Green Manufacturing with
Intelligence and Sustainable Development” to continuously enhance its EHS management,
refine the construction of its energy system and carbon emission management system,
fulfill corporate social responsibilities, and gradually promote and create an excellent
Minth EHS management system. During the Review Period, the Group carried out
internal audits, management review and certification on ISO50001 energy management.
The Group has established energy management functions, annual performance targets,
energy-saving management technical solutions and routine review systems at the plant,
BU and Group levels. During the Review Period, the Group realised its targeted goals on
energy conservation and carbon reduction. During the Review Period, the Group continued
to integrate and optimise its digital EHS management and carbon emission management.
With six already launched modules, namely, workplace injury and accident management
system, construction work management system, EHS red line management system,
EHS hidden-danger management system, EHS prime case database system and carbon
emission management system, the Group’s digital EHS system has comprehensively
improved the EHS management efficiency, EHS risk prevention capability and emergency
response capability in all of the Group’s global factories. In particular, the carbon emission
management system has achieved the integration of six major functions, namely, green
supply chain management, carbon emission management, energy conservation project
management, carbon footprint management, large-scale production line management and
decision-making resources, facilitating the Group to achieve its goals of carbon peaking
by 2030 and value chain carbon neutrality by 2050.

During the Review Period, with all BUs acting as a united front, the Group continued to
strengthen its safety management, focus on on-site operations, and update and refine
its EHS red lines according to changes in relevant regulations. Based on a set of criteria
called the “14 major red lines” and centering around “list management & process
control”, the Group put forward the EHS management principle of “clear communication,
precise implementation and complete evidence chain” to enhance safety awareness
of employees and reinforce the management’s awareness of risk identification, which


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024      7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    would ensure operational safety at the factory level. The Group constantly introduced
    advanced technologies for the treatment of wastewater, emissions and hazardous waste
    to effectively reduce pollutant discharge and emission, as well as the procurement of raw
    materials and supplies, in order to reduce operating costs. In the meantime, the Group
    continued to enhance the operational management of pollutant treatment facilities, so as
    to ensure that the pollutant discharge of the Group is up to standards. The Group has
    always attached great importance to the development and management of occupational
    health by optimising management mechanisms for jobs subject to occupational hazards,
    improving the working environment for staff, and ensuring comprehensive implementation
    of the occupational health check systems, in order to safeguard the general health and
    well-being of the employees.


    During the Review Period, the Group’s EHS team continued to conduct mid-year red-
    line audits against all factories in Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America, commenced
    corporate compliance audit from 45 dimensions, passed the supervisory audit of
    the ISO45001 and ISO14001 Systems, identified and reduced on-site key risks, and
    comprehensively enhanced its capability in management and control of key EHS risks,
    which facilitated the Group to avoid the risks of fire accidents and work-related injuries
    and enhanced its EHS performance, so as to ensure safety and health in the Group’s
    operations eventually. During the Review Period, work-related injury or accident rate per
    million working hours of the Group was 0.73. During the Review Period, while adhering
    to green and sustainable development, the Group has actively participated in climate
    actions and has been committed to reducing climate change risks. In January 2024, the
    Group officially released the “Minth Group Carbon Neutrality White Paper”, setting out
    clear goals and implementing measures to reduce its carbon footprint, as well as ensuring
    timely review and update of climate change related strategic plans, objectives, actions
    and performance. Focusing on the objective of “carbon peaking by 2030 and value chain
    carbon neutrality by 2050”, the Group has set an annual reduction target for average
    energy consumption intensity, which served as a representation of the Group’s leadership
    in tackling climate change.


    During the Review Period, in strict compliance with the “Minth Group Internal Control
    and Risk Management System” and the “Minth Group Internal Control and Risk
    Management Guidelines”, the Group comprehensively upgraded the risk assessment
    mechanism leveraging its risk management online platform, and its various functional
    departments and operating units continuously carried out risk assessment work to derive
    a detailed risk list, and formulated targeted risk response strategies to integrate risk


8   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


management into daily operation. The Group has realised visualized and dynamic
management of risks, effectively improved risk awareness of its staff and promoted
effective risk management and control. Adhering to its development strategy, the Group
continuously strengthened its internal control and risk management systems to ensure
the clear division of authority and responsibility. Relying on the advanced digital
management platform, the Group accelerated the construction of a framework system to
facilitate process-centred internal control and management, and realised standardisation
and automation in business processes. The Group will continue to carry out full-coverage
audit to its operational regions in Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America in 2024, in order
to reduce internal and external compliance risks and improve operational efficiency and
conversion rates at the organisation level. Following the successful obtaining of ISO37001
anti-bribery management system certification by the Company’s subsidiaries Jiaxing
Minhui Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.* (嘉興敏惠汽車零部件有限公司), Ningbo Shintai
Machines Co., Ltd.* (寧波信泰機械有限公司) and Zhejiang Minneng Technology Co., Ltd.*
(浙江敏能科技有限公司) respectively, the Group will continue to promote the ISO37001
certification review of its subsidiaries to further consolidate the compliance foundation of
the Group. The Group continued to improve its anti-corruption system and strengthen
anti-corruption education and publicity. In accordance with “Minth Group Limited Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics” and the “Minth Group Limited Whistleblowing Procedures
for Ethics and Compliance”, amongst other policy documents, the Group specifies the
standards and requirements on business ethics and compliance, continuously optimises
the reporting and feedback mechanism, and actively protects and rewards whistleblowers.
The Group is committed to creating a transparent and incorruptible business environment
for and safeguarding the lawful rights and interests of itself and all stakeholders. Based
on the above relevant measures, the Group will continue to uphold the core values of
integrity and improve its audit and supervision, internal control and risk management
models, thereby containing potential risks within acceptable limits. These measures will
safeguard and promote sustainable and steady development of the Group.

BUSINESS AND OPERATION LAYOUT

During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB11,090,414,000,
representing an increase of approximately 13.8% compared with approximately
RMB9,747,406,000 in the same period in 2023. In particular, the Group’s revenue from
China was approximately RMB4,525,885,000, representing an increase of approximately


*   The English names are for identification purposes only.

                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     7.5% compared with approximately RMB4,211,482,000 in the same period in 2023,
     which was primarily attributable to the increase in orders from the Group’s battery
     housing business and Chinese OEM business. The Group’s international revenue was
     approximately RMB6,564,529,000, representing an increase of approximately 18.6%
     compared with approximately RMB5,535,924,000 in the same period in 2023, which was
     primarily attributable to the rapid growth in battery housing business and the increase in
     orders from the Group’s traditional products in North America and Asia-Pacific.

     Note: During the Review Period and the same period in 2023, to better reflect the ultimate locations
            of its customers’ operations, the Group reclassified the revenue of a certain client from China
            to other countries.


     During the Review Period, the Group steadily proceeded with its new business intake.
     As performance of OEMs varies in different markets, the Group also adjusts its business
     strategies in a timely manner to ensure its business remains balanced and stable. In
     relation to particular products, the Group made significant breakthroughs in body and
     chassis structural parts business during the Review Period. The Group further gained
     market share for its business with Honda in North America subsequent to obtaining their
     structural parts business in 2023. The Group continued to expand its share in Geely and
     Stellantis for body and chassis structural parts business. The Group achieved breakthrough
     in the subframe business for the first time and secured orders from Volvo. In addition,
     the Group also obtained orders of electric control case and electric motor housing for
     the first time. During the Review Period, the Group secured battery housing orders from
     a number of Chinese OEM customers such as XPeng, it also further expanded battery
     housing business with Hyundai-Kia in the international market, while continuing to expand
     its market share of battery housing in Stellantis. During the Review Period, the Group also
     made good progress in intelligent exterior decorative products business. Following the
     business intake of electric door system in 2023, the Group further obtained new orders
     of flush door handles and illuminated emblems from Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance
     during the Review Period. It also obtained business from Geely for multiple intelligent
     B pillars and quarter windows, and for the first time secured orders from Beijing Benz
     for illuminated emblems, SAIC Volkswagen for active grille shutters, and SAIC General
     Motors for flush door handles. During the Review Period, the Group continued its efforts
     in the new business intake of its traditional products, further enhancing its cooperation
     with OEMs such as BYD and GAC. Meanwhile, the Group has made progress in frameless
     door sealing systems and expanded its market share among Japanese OEM customers
     and GAC AION. At the same time, it made a breakthrough with Dongfeng VOYAH in


10   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


its frameless door sealing systems. Such diversified product portfolio and increasingly
balanced customer structure will strongly support the long-term sustainable growth of
the Group’s results.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to apply the Glocal philosophy to its
operations. The Group continued to enhance the management standard of its factories
globally, built benchmark factories and promoted their management models, and employed
its experience from the benchmark factories in terms of operation, technology and
innovation to empower its global operations. During the Review Period, the Group’s global
factories made comprehensive use of the advantageous resources of various locations to
pursue local excellence, focusing on improving the product yield rate, production efficiency,
and capacity utilisation rate for products with more complex processes, in order to achieve
a comprehensive improvement in technology, quality, and processes.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to optimise the operational efficiency of
its factories around the globe. The Group’s factories in Tianjin and Qingyuan of China
achieved significant growth in profitability through technical improvements, including
enhancement of the product yield rate and utilisation efficiency of the surface treatment
lines. During the Review Period, riding on the significant improvement and stabilization
in the overall capability of its factories in Mexico and Thailand, the Group strived to
strengthen the operational capacity of its international factories, and improved the product
yield rate of the large-scale production lines in North American and European factories.
During the Review Period, the Group continued to consolidate the vertical integration of
processes in its factories at different locations. The smelting and casting production lines
in Serbia were officially put into operation, which not only enhances the competitiveness
of its processes, but also provides green aluminum materials for the Group’s battery
housing and aluminum BUs, contributing to the Group’s gradual realisation of its carbon
neutrality target. During the Review Period, the Group’s battery housing factories in France
and Poland have successively reached mass production status, and the overall capacity
utilization rate of this BU continued to improve. In addition, during the Review Period,
the Group further strengthened its working capital management, focusing on sorting out
abnormal inventories, while supporting the improvement of the production planning and
warehouse management capacity of its international factories.




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024     11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the Group continued to implement an asset-light strategy
     for its traditional products, with a focus on improving the capacity utilisation rate of
     existing production lines, while minimising the investment in new equipment through the
     maintenance and reuse of existing equipment. Given the volatility of the global economy
     and business environment, the Group has swiftly adjusted its investment pace, pursuing
     a dynamic balance between resource investment and operating results. In addition, the
     Group continued to implement measures to reduce costs and increase efficiency, as
     well as to save energy and reduce consumption. During the Review Period, the Group
     increased the recycling and reuse of scrap and waste materials, including aluminum,
     stainless steel, plastics, and chemicals used in the surface treatment production lines,
     and carried out reuse as far as practicable to reduce waste. Meanwhile, the Group has
     vigorously promoted photovoltaic power generation to gradually reduce the consumption
     of thermal power and enhance the proportion of green energy.


     The global macro environment and the development of the automobile industry are
     undergoing constant changes. During the Review Period, a number of European countries
     and OEMs have announced a slowdown in the electrification process of automobiles,
     and the lifecycle and iteration speed of existing models may be adjusted accordingly. In
     view of this, the Group continues to expand other product categories while stabilising
     the customer coverage of battery housings and related products, with a view to reducing
     potential risks by increasing market share and content value per vehicle. In addition, the
     Red Sea crisis had far-reaching impacts on the global logistics industry during the Review
     Period. The Group, in collaboration with its customers, logistics providers and other parties,
     made concerted efforts to effectively ensure the delivery of its products and keep the
     overall logistics costs at a relatively reasonable level by making timely adjustments to the
     production arrangements, improving packaging solutions and loading rates, and negotiating
     agreements on reasonable logistic solutions. The Group’s quick response has been well
     recognised by its customers. During the Review Period, the Group achieved stable
     growth in results despite various uncertainties. The Group has always been committed to
     creating stable returns for its shareholders and other stakeholders, building a sustainable
     development path, and at the same time striving to minimize operational risks.




12   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

R&D and innovation are important pillars to corporate development and the Group attaches
great importance to R&D planning. The Group had actively responded to the changes and
developments in the automotive industry by laying down an innovation-driven strategy,
optimising the structure of R&D organisations, strengthening the self-initiated R&D and
innovative research capability in respect of basic materials, products and technology, and
continuing its investments in R&D. Through in-depth exchange with customers such as
traditional OEMs, NEV start-ups and battery makers, the Group strived to firmly grasp
the differences in product and technology requirements of various customers and the
development trend; and through proactive self-innovation and cooperation with leading
enterprises globally, to promote technical breakthrough of processing technology. The
Group prospectively improved the R&D capability and management efficiency as a
whole to further solidify its presence in core components for NEVs and ICE vehicles
and to promote the integration of intelligent products and exterior decorative parts, thus
consolidating its position as a core strategic partner to OEM customers. The Group will
continue to engage in innovative R&D and deployment, devote itself to the business
development of products including battery housings, body and chassis structural parts
and intelligent integrated exterior decorative parts, and contribute to the evolution of
the automotive industry towards low carbon and intelligence. The Group has achieved
tremendous milestones in these fields, which lays a solid foundation for the Group’s
future sustainable development.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to win nominations from traditional OEMs,
NEV start-ups and battery makers, further consolidating the Group’s leading position as one
of the largest battery housing suppliers in the world. The Group paid close attention to
the development of battery housing and its technology and conducted independent R&D.
In view of the market trend and on the back of its advantages in processing technology,
the Group has launched roll-forming battery housings and successfully won nominations
from Chinese and European OEM customers. The Group continued to carry out R&D from
different perspectives, such as structure, battery adaptability, application and materials
and offer multiple cell-to-body (CTB) solutions for battery housings, providing innovative
solutions to customers on a continuous basis. Based on its customer advantage in battery
housings and deep cooperation with battery manufacturers, the Group successfully
made a breakthrough in the orders for battery cell structural parts, which was gradually
becoming another growth driver for the Group. The Group has been proactively tapping
into complementary parts of battery housing and successfully developed products such


                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     as front and rear crash management systems, subframes and die casting structural parts,
     which has started to see order inflows. The Group has obtained orders of die-casting
     electric control case, which would facilitate the Group to achieve integration of battery
     housings and body and chassis structure progressively, while also promoting a significant
     increase in the Group’s content value per vehicle. Making full use of its advantages in
     the processing technology of battery housing products and its customer base, the Group
     actively expanded into the integration technology of EV wireless charging and battery
     housing. The Group has signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with
     Siemens of Germany to carry out a joint project in wireless charging. Meanwhile, the
     Group has focused on the R&D and expansion of products such as bipolar plates, hydrogen
     storage systems and distributed energy storage and charging terminals by capitalizing on
     its well established access to OEMs and its global presence.


     As for intelligent exterior decorative products, the Group focused on the product R&D and
     expansion of intelligent front and rear modules and intelligent door systems to fully realise
     intelligent upgrade for exterior decorative products. During the Review Period, the Group
     focused on expanding front and rear face assemblies, door assemblies and composite body
     structural parts. The Group has prospectively carried out R&D and planning for solutions
     of integrated intelligent front modules, which combine functions such as illumination,
     heating, wave transparency and automatic cleaning, and multiple industry-leading patents
     have already been authorised for those products and could be used for level 4 and
     above autonomous driving. The Group saw its market penetration rate for several
     products increasing, won nomination of a fully enclosed intelligent front module panel
     from a European OEM, and successfully achieved mass production of LiDAR compatible
     radomes on the first model of a well-known technology company which also straddles
     the car manufacturing industry. The Group has actively deployed in the field of intelligent
     door systems, including application scenarios such as intelligent access and automatic
     opening, by which the doors are able to open automatically through contactless biometric
     identification of car owner, and the Group’s self-developed technologies, such as intelligent
     pillar cover with face recognition function, electric side door system and ultralight door
     assemblies, have started to see order inflows. The Group attaches great importance to
     customers’ needs in forward-looking technology and has signed a cooperation agreement
     with a European OEM to jointly develop future-oriented intelligent door solutions. The
     Group has made significant breakthroughs in the field of composite material application
     and body weight reduction of door systems. Backed by the Group’s unique VarinTech®




14   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


technology, the product solution has been recognised by multiple customers in the NEV
industry, and preliminary R&D projects have been gradually carried out to accelerate the
commercial application and promotion of composite materials in the automotive industry.


Furthermore, the Group also attaches great importance to technological R&D of new
materials and has continuously increased its R&D investment in materials, mastering
the technologies of four core materials, namely high-performance collision aluminium,
high performance elastomer materials, functional plastics and green materials, as well as
the related surface treatment technologies. In particular, the Group has developed the
Minal®-S636 aluminium alloy with 360Mpa ultra-high yield strength and excellent collision
resistance, which has successfully passed the vehicle crash performance test and reached
advanced level in the global market. The Group has over 60 core patents in terms of
material formula and processing technology in relation to aluminium alloy, which have been
widely applied in the battery housings and body and chassis structural parts of OEMs such
as BMW, Benz and Volkswagen, demonstrating the Group’s comprehensive technological
capability in both product and material, as well as its role as a leading player in Asia-Pacific
or even the global market. Meanwhile, in response to the carbon neutrality targets in
various markets in the world, the Group developed its proprietary ECO-ALUMIN® S series,
a type of environment-friendly collision aluminium, with a carbon emission of less than
2.5Kg.CO2/Kg.AL. In the meantime, the Group values the R&D and innovation of polymer
materials and has completed the development of various green and low carbon materials,
including but not limited to EcoSupElast® green elastomer materials, EcoOleCom® green
plastics and bio-based materials, which have obtained technological certification from a
number of OEMs and have been successfully put into mass production and application.
These materials had a comprehensive carbon reduction rate of over 30%, contributing to
the Group’s realisation of its carbon neutrality goal.


The Group puts strong emphasis on the protection of intellectual property rights. It has
initiated a comprehensive deployment in patents and trademarks for innovative products,
and is focused on exploring and protecting high-value patents. The Group also actively
improved the patent development globally, and enhanced the evaluation criteria for
international patents to achieve systematic evaluation. During the Review Period, 168 new
patent applications were filed by the Group, among which 26 applications were prioritized
and related to high-value patents, and 18 applications were related to international
patents. The applications cover various countries or regions including Europe, the US,
Japan, Thailand, Mexico, Russia and Australia. During the Review Period, the Group
was granted 225 new patents by competent authorities and 30 trademark registrations.


                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024      15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Group actively protects its intellectual property rights and carries out risk prevention
     management. It has conducted dozens of analyses in respect of patent right defences
     and infringement prevention, and filed a number of patent invalidation lawsuits to firmly
     safeguard its intellectual property rights and interests.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Results

     During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB11,090,414,000,
     representing an increase of approximately 13.8% from approximately RMB9,747,406,000
     in the same period in 2023. During the Review Period, with the gradual mass production
     of undertaken projects and the steady increase in the sales of NEVs in the PRC, the
     Group’s battery-housing business continued to grow rapidly. Meanwhile, the Group’s
     excellent performance in the sales of major vehicle models in the international market,
     coupled with the continuous balance and optimisation of customer mix, enabled the Group
     to achieve considerable revenue growth.


     During the Review Period, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was
     approximately RMB1,068,192,000, representing an increase of approximately 20.4% from
     approximately RMB887,300,000 in the same period in 2023. This was mainly due to the
     increase in gross profit compared to the same period in 2023 which was attributable to
     factors such as the economies of scale driven by the revenue growth of the Group, the
     continuous improvement in the capacity utilisation rate of the battery-housing product
     line and the promotion of measures to reduce cost and boost efficiency for each product
     line during the Review Period, which enabled the Group to maintain a better level of
     profitability in general.




16   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SEGMENT REVENUE

An analysis on revenue by types of goods or services delivered or provided is as follows:


                                  Six months ended             Six months ended
 Segment category                   30 June 2024                 30 June 2023
                                 RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %

 Plastic                         2,842,566           25.6     2,487,270           25.5
 Metal & Trim                    2,541,801           22.9     2,512,333           25.8
 Battery-housing                 2,390,969           21.6     1,802,427           18.5
 Aluminum                        2,372,380           21.4     2,079,840           21.3
 Others                          1,515,748           13.7     1,215,877           12.5
 Elimination                      (573,050)          (5.2)     (350,341)          (3.6)

 Total revenue                 11,090,414           100.0     9,747,406          100.0


A breakdown on revenue by geographical location is as follows:


                                  Six months ended             Six months ended
 Market category                    30 June 2024                 30 June 2023
                                 RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %

 The People’s Republic of
   China                         4,525,885           40.8     4,211,482           43.2
 Other countries                 6,564,529           59.2     5,535,924           56.8

 Total revenue                 11,090,414           100.0     9,747,406          100.0




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024    17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Gross Profit

     During the Review Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB3,161,637,000,
     representing an increase of approximately 23.4% from approximately RMB2,562,733,000 in
     the same period in 2023. The gross profit margin for the Review Period was approximately
     28.5%, representing an increase of approximately 2.2% from approximately 26.3% in
     the same period in 2023. During the Review Period, the Group proactively reduced its
     procurement cost and promoted supply chain integration and constantly adopted measures
     such as lean production and technology upgrade to continuously improve production
     efficiency and production yield, together with the improved economies of scale driven by
     the revenue growth, which enabled the overall gross profit margin increased significantly
     compared to the same period in 2023.


     Investment Income

     During the Review Period, the investment income of the Group was approximately
     RMB190,648,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB19,239,000 from
     approximately RMB171,409,000 in the same period in 2023. It was mainly due to an
     increase in the interest income of the Group.


     Other Income

     During the Review Period, the other income of the Group amounted to approximately
     RMB206,501,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB58,494,000 from
     approximately RMB148,007,000 in the same period in 2023. It was mainly attributable to
     an increase in government grants related to income.


     Other Gains and Losses

     During the Review Period, the Group’s other gains and losses amounted to a net gain
     of approximately RMB20,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB2,970,000
     compared to a net gain of approximately RMB2,990,000 in the same period in 2023. It was
     mainly due to the effect of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments.




18   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Distribution and Selling Expenses

During the Review Period, the Group’s distribution and selling expenses were approximately
RMB531,118,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB171,235,000 from
approximately RMB359,883,000 in the same period in 2023. It accounted for approximately
4.8% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of approximately 1.1% from
approximately 3.7% in the same period in 2023. It was mainly due to the increase in
the Group’s unit transportation cost, which was driven by a continuous rise in the global
shipping market prices as a result of the Red Sea Crisis during the Review Period.


Administrative Expenses

During the Review Period, the administrative expenses of the Group amounted
to approximately RMB742,501,000, representing an increase of approximately
RMB119,433,000 from approximately RMB623,068,000 in the same period in 2023. It
accounted for approximately 6.7% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of
approximately 0.3% from approximately 6.4% in the same period in 2023. The increase
in Group’s administrative expenses as compared to that in the same period in 2023 was
primarily attributable to the introduction and reserve of relevant administrative personnel to
cope with the internationalized management needs due to the continuous growth of global
business scale, as well as the increase of other administrative expenses in companies
located in North America, Europe and other regions because of their higher business
volume during the Review Period. Meanwhile, the increase in the Group’s revenue
partially offset the impact of the increase in administrative expenses to its percentage
of the Group’s revenue.


Research Expenditures

During the Review Period, the research expenditures of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB714,608,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB98,990,000
from approximately RMB615,618,000 in the same period in 2023. It accounted for
approximately 6.4% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of approximately
0.1% from approximately 6.3% in the same period in 2023. It was mainly attributable
to the increase in Group’s revenue during the Review Period, and the fact that with
continuous promotion of the four disruptive treads in the automobile industry, the Group
proactively responded to the reform and development of the industry and continuously
stepped up it’s effort in the R&D of innovative products including battery-housing,


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024      19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     body and chassis structural parts, intelligent integrated exterior parts, hydrogen storage
     system, and distributed energy storage and charging terminal, as well as new material
     technologies. Meanwhile, the Group introduced senior R&D talents and strengthened
     technological breakthrough with a view to promoting long-term sustainable growth of the
     Group’s performance with innovative R&D.


     Interest Expenses

     During the Review Period, the Group’s interest expenses amounted to approximately
     RMB290,690,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB58,398,000 from
     approximately RMB232,292,000 in the same period in 2023, which was mainly attributable
     to the combined effect of the increase in the average balance of borrowings and the
     average market lending rate during the Review Period.


     Share of Results of Joint Ventures

     During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of joint ventures was a net profit of
     approximately RMB21,439,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB10,117,000
     from a net profit of approximately RMB11,322,000 in the same period in 2023, which
     was mainly attributable to the increase in profits of one of the joint ventures during the
     Review Period.


     Share of Results of Associates

     During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of associates was a net loss of
     approximately RMB14,082,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB4,161,000
     from a net loss of approximately RMB9,921,000 in the same period in 2023, which was
     mainly due to the increase in loss as one of the associates had not yet commenced mass
     production during the Review Period.

     Income Tax Expense

     During the Review Period, the Group’s income tax expense was approximately
     RMB196,031,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB37,275,000 from
     approximately RMB158,756,000 in the same period in 2023.




20   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the effective tax rate was approximately 15.4%, representing
an increase of approximately 0.4% from approximately 15.0% in the same period in 2023.


Profits Attributable to Non-controlling Interests

During the Review Period, the Group’s profits attributable to non-controlling interests were
approximately RMB8,470,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB1,701,000
from approximately RMB10,171,000 in the same period in 2023. It was mainly attributable
to the decrease in net profit of non-wholly owned subsidiaries during the Review Period.


Liquidity and Financial Resources

As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents and pledged
bank deposits and time deposits was approximately RMB7,065,956,000, representing
an increase of approximately RMB606,902,000 from approximately RMB6,459,054,000
as of 31 December 2023. As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s low-cost borrowings in
aggregate amounted to approximately RMB9,381,117,000, among which the equivalent
of approximately RMB4,388,443,000, approximately RMB3,832,142,000, approximately
RMB607,768,000, approximately RMB325,161,000, approximately RMB227,603,000
were denominated in RMB, Euro (“EUR”), US Dollar (“USD”), New Taiwan Dollar
(“NTD”), and Thai Baht (“THB”), respectively, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB307,206,000 compared to approximately RMB9,688,323,000 as of 31 December
2023. It was mainly attributable to borrowings made by the Group having considered the
consolidated gains from exchange rates, interest rates and capital management.


During the Review Period, the Eurozone has started interest rate cuts, and the expectation
of interest rate cuts in the US dollar zone in 2024 has also raised significantly. The Group
will seize the opportunities arising from the interest rate and exchange rate window to
optimise its debt structure and reduce its debt level when appropriate, in particular to
reduce high-interest debts, so as to maintain the overall debt level of the Group within
a reasonable and healthy range.


During the Review Period, the net cash flow from the Group’s operating activities was
approximately RMB1,730,626,000, indicating a sound cash flow condition.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the Group’s trade receivables turnover days were approximately
     78 days, which were approximately 3 days shorter than approximately 81 days in the
     same period in 2023. This was mainly due to the increase in the revenue contribution
     from customers in international markets with shorter trade receivables cycles, coupled
     with the Group’s enhanced management and control of payback during the Review Period.
     The combined effect of the above led to a decrease in the Group’s trade receivables
     turnover days.


     During the Review Period, the Group’s trade payables turnover days were approximately
     91 days, representing an increase of approximately 7 days from approximately 84 days in
     the same period in 2023, which was mainly due to the extended payment cycles upon
     active negotiations with suppliers based on the Group’s growth in scale, as well as the
     changes in suppliers’ settlement methods.


     During the Review Period, the Group’s inventory turnover days were approximately 94
     days, representing an increase of approximately 4 days from approximately 90 days in the
     same period in 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in shipping cycles as a result
     of the Red Sea Crisis, as well as the increase in the Group’s relevant inventory stocks
     as an active response to the demand for synergy in global production capacity, which
     was driven by the continuous progress of the global deployment of localised production
     during the Review Period. The combined effect of the above led to an increase in the
     inventory turnover days.


     The Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.3 as of 30 June 2024, representing an
     increase of approximately 0.1 from approximately 1.2 as of 31 December 2023. As of
     30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 26.9% (31 December 2023:
     approximately 28.4%), which was a percentage based on interest-bearing borrowings
     divided by total assets.

     Note: The calculation methods for the above indicators are the same as those previously set out in
            the Company’s prospectus dated 22 November 2005.


     The Group’s capital demands had no particular seasonality features.


     The Group is of the view that the favourable performance in sales, production and R&D,
     and a healthy cash reserve during the Review Period have provided a solid guarantee for
     sustainable development in the future.


22   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



COMMITMENTS

                                                        At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                              2024                2023
                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

 Capital expenditure contracted for but not
   provided in the condensed consolidated
   financial statements in respect of:
   Acquisition of property, plant and equipment            504,509             662,368


INTEREST RATE AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS

As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the Group’s bank borrowings was approximately
RMB9,381,117,000, of which approximately RMB2,439,213,000 was bearing at fixed
interest rates, and approximately RMB6,941,904,000 was bearing at floating interest
rates. The aforesaid borrowings had no seasonality features. In addition, approximately
RMB4,060,200,000 of the borrowings was denominated in currencies other than
the functional currencies of the Group’s related entities, of which the equivalents of
approximately RMB3,832,142,000 and approximately RMB228,058,000 were denominated
in EUR and USD, respectively.


The Group’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly denominated in RMB, USD and EUR.
Remittance of funds out of the PRC is subject to the foreign exchange control restrictions
imposed by the Chinese government.


As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents and
pledged bank deposits and time deposits denominated in currencies other than the
functional currencies was approximately RMB1,734,158,000, of which approximately
RMB1,052,603,000 was denominated in USD, approximately RMB494,058,000 was
denominated in EUR, approximately RMB157,418,000 was denominated in Japanese
Yen, approximately RMB17,997,000 was denominated in Mexican Peso, approximately
RMB11,984,000 was denominated in Hong Kong Dollar, and the remainder of approximately
RMB98,000 was denominated in other foreign currencies.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024     23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As a result of the constant expansion of international sales and the drastic fluctuations in
     the currency market, the management of the Group is highly concerned about the foreign
     exchange risks, and would take the exchange rate expectations of relevant currencies
     into full consideration when deciding the billing currencies for relevant businesses. The
     Group controls and mitigates foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring the size of its
     assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies in day-to-day operations and by
     selecting local currencies as settlement currencies appropriately according to the Group’s
     international strategic deployment to reduce the size of businesses denominated in foreign
     currencies. Meanwhile, the Group also uses forward exchange contracts, currency swaps,
     options, interest rate swaps and other financial derivative products to further prevent
     interest rate risks and foreign exchange risks.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As of 30 June 2024, the Group had no contingent liabilities (31 December 2023: Nil).


     MORTGAGED ASSETS

     As of 30 June 2024, the Group had borrowings of NTD10,000,000 (equivalent to
     RMB2,234,000) and approximately RMB23,665,000, which were mortgaged by land
     use rights with carrying value of approximately RMB4,502,000 and property, plant
     and equipment with carrying value of approximately NTD47,708,000 (equivalent to
     approximately RMB10,658,000) and approximately RMB8,461,000 (31 December 2023:
     the Group had borrowings of approximately RMB22,066,000, which were mortgaged
     by land use rights with carrying amounts of approximately RMB4,560,000 and property,
     plant and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately NTD49,134,000 (equivalent
     to approximately RMB11,370,000) and approximately RMB8,680,000).


     As of 30 June 2024, the Group had borrowings of NTD50,000,000 (equivalent to
     RMB11,170,000) and RMB7,072,000, and issued bills payables of approximately
     RMB666,102,000 due within 6 months and letters of guarantee of RMB121,680,000, which
     were pledged by bills receivables with fair value of approximately RMB243,674,000 and bank
     deposits of USD65,230,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB464,881,000), EUR2,302,000
     (equivalent to approximately RMB17,640,000) and RMB319,672,000. The borrowings
     are to be settled in NTD and RMB (31 December 2023: the Group had borrowings of
     RMB50,000,000, and issued bills payables of approximately RMB985,396,000 due within
     6 months and letters of guarantee of RMB136,680,000, which were mainly pledged by


24   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


bills receivables with fair value of approximately RMB283,530,000 and bank deposits of
USD65,230,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB462,005,000) and RMB365,000,000. The
borrowings are to be settled in RMB).


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure includes the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, the increase
in construction in progress and the addition of land use rights. During the Review Period,
the Group’s capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB1,093,333,000, which
was mainly invested to deploy production capacity in the international market and expand
production capacity of innovative products such as battery-housing and body and chassis
structural parts. During the Review Period, the Group’s capital expenditure decreased by
approximately 45.7% from approximately RMB2,013,896,000 in the same period in 2023,
which was mainly because the Group has made timely adjustments to the pace of its
investment in light of the development trends of the global automobile market during
the Review Period, while focusing on the efficient utilisation of the existing production
capacity and the reduction of unnecessary production capacity expansion, and exercising
stringent control over the investment in fixed assets.


PLACING AND SUBSCRIPTION

The Group had no placing and subscription of shares during the Review Period.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates during the Review Period.


EMPLOYEES

As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a total of 24,180 employees, with an increase of 1,869
employees when compared to that of 31 December 2023. The increase in the number of
employees was mainly due to the revenue growth of the Group during the Review Period,
in particular those from the Group’s factories in Europe and North America.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the Group focused on enhancing its capabilities in global
     strategic innovation and leadership, driving the expansion of the Group’s innovative
     business in an increasingly complex external market environment, exploring new growth
     drivers for performance, and achieving an efficient and synergistic global organisational
     layout to promote the steady development of the Group as a whole. In respect of
     achieving organisational efficiency and synergy, the Group continued to strengthen the
     strategic control capabilities of its global organisations. Looking ahead to the second half
     of the year, in accordance with its overall strategic planning, the Group will continue to
     explore business opportunities in areas such as product innovation and environmental
     protection, propel the transformation and upgrading of the Group’s business, and continue
     to promote resource integration and management synergy in Asia Pacific, Europe and
     North America, so as to enhance the effectiveness of its global governance and enable
     sustainable development of its global operations.


     Stemming from the core cultural value of love, the Group has strengthened the
     awareness of its core values by conducting a total of 45 “Values As One” camps to
     promote the thorough roll-out of the core values within the Group. At the same time,
     the Group continuously improves and strengthens the awareness of its employees on
     overall wellness. The Group continued to promote overall wellness programs such as
     “Holistic Health Workshop”, “Emotional Intelligence”, “Family Drawing Room”, and
     “Mini Marathon” on a global scale and continuously empowered employees’ physical
     and mental health through one-on-one care programs. In addition, the Group continued
     to carry out projects such as care service for employees’ children and “Senior’s Center”
     for employees’ parents to continuously empower the overall wellness of employees’
     families. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will actively implement
     the GLOCAL concept, deepen global cultural governance, implement global team cultural
     integration projects, and promote overall wellness courses and projects such as Sino-
     Serbia youth exchange programs and youth summer camps for the children of Minth
     employees. Together with the debut of “Couple’s Relationship Camp” in Minth Europe,
     the Group is committed to further enhancing the happiness of Minth families around the
     world.




26   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


With the continuous advancement and realisation of its globalization strategy, during the
Review Period, the Group continued to carry out global talent cultivation, local talent
exploration, and continuous upgrading of relevant systems as well as management
digitization: (1) enhance leaders’ global operation ability, upgrade the mindset of leaders,
stimulate team’s willingness to grow with the enterprise, and launch high-potential
talent development projects on a global scale, to explore outstanding talents and provide
employees with platforms and opportunities to fully demonstrate their talents; (2) upgrade
the mechanism of global talent exchange projects to facilitate team integration, promote
the use of global resources to achieve local excellence, and comprehensively enhance
the global competence and vision of talents; (3) optimise and promote the global learning
system, and carry out activities to organize a learning roadmap and develop resources, to
provide a foundation for talent cultivation and meet the evolving needs of the organisation;
(4) establish a talent assessment centre and systematically develop a series of talent
assessment tools to accurately identify talents, give full play to their strengths and
promote job matching; (5) continuously promote the application of digital tools, platforms
and systems to enhance the operational efficiency of business processes and maximise
the effectiveness of staff. In addition, during the Review Period, the Group launched its
global personnel master data system, which is expected to continue to boost the global
governance and synergy in its human resources operation globally.


Looking ahead to the second half of 2024, the Group will further deepen its global
talent management in accordance with the organisational development strategy, scout
outstanding talents, and promote the application of talent training systems, resources
and platforms, thereby consolidating its talent echelon and ensuring an enduring supply
of talents with global vision.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     DIRECTORS

     During the Review Period, the directors of the Company (“Directors”) were as follows:


     Executive Directors

     Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)
     Ye Guo Qiang
     Zhang Yuxia


     Non-executive Director

     Chin Chien Ya


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Wang Ching
     Mok Kwai Pui Bill
     Tatsunobu Sako
     Meng Li Qiu
     Chen Quan Shi (retired on 31 May 2024)


     SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

     The 2005 Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company for a period of 10
     years pursuant to a written resolution of all the then shareholders of the Company on
     13 November 2005. Such scheme was terminated on 22 May 2012 and the 2012 Share
     Option Scheme with substantively similar terms to the 2005 Share Option Scheme was
     adopted on the same day at the 2012 annual general meeting of the Company for 10
     years. The 2012 Share Option Scheme had expired on 22 May 2022. On the date of the
     2022 annual general meeting of the Company, i.e. 31 May 2022, the Company adopted
     the 2022 Share Option Scheme for a term of 10 years with salient terms similar to those
     of the 2012 Share Option Scheme.




28   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The purpose of the 2022 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options
to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group. All
Directors, employees of the Group and service providers of the Group whom the Board
considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group are eligible
to participate in the 2022 Share Option Scheme.


The 2022 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years after the
date on which the scheme was adopted. The total number of Shares which may be
allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2022 Share
Option Scheme adopted by the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% (“General
Scheme Limit”) of the Shares of the Company in issue on 31 May 2022, the date when
the Company adopted the 2022 Share Option Scheme, which were 116,183,579 Shares.
The Company may renew the General Scheme Limit with shareholders’ approval provided
that each such renewal may not exceed 10% of the Shares of the Company in issue as
at the date of the shareholders’ approval.


The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding
options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2022 Share Option Scheme and any
other share option schemes adopted by the Company must not in aggregate exceed 30%
of the Shares in issue from time to time.


Unless approved by shareholders of the Company, the total number of Shares issued
and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under the 2022 Share Option
Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company (including both exercised
or outstanding options) to each participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being (“Individual Limit”).


An option may be accepted by a participant within 28 days from the date of the offer
of grant of the option. A nominal consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of
the grant of an option.


An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Share Option
Scheme at any time during the period to be determined and notified by the Board to
each grantee, at the time of making an offer of the grant of an option which shall not
expire later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024      29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The subscription price for the Shares under the 2022 Share Option Scheme will be a price
     determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price
     of shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the
     date of the offer of grant, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price
     of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for
     the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant; and (iii) the
     nominal value of the Shares.


     As at the date of this interim report, the total number of unexercised outstanding Share
     Options (i.e. the total number of Shares available for issue) under the 2012 Share Option
     Scheme is 18,276,800 which represents approximately 1.57% of the issued Shares as at
     the date of this interim report.


     As at the date of this interim report, the total number of unexercised outstanding Share
     Options (i.e. the total number of Shares available for issue) under the 2022 Share Option
     Scheme is 30,000,000 which represents approximately 2.58% of the issued Shares as at
     the date of this interim report.


     The total number of Share Options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2022 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024 were 116,183,579
     and 86,183,579 respectively.


     During the Review Period, the total number of Share Options that the Company granted
     to the Directors and employees amounted to 30,000,000. As at the date of this interim
     report, the number of Share Options that could still be granted under the 2022 Share
     Option Scheme was 86,183,579, representing approximately 7.42% of the 1,161,993,599
     Shares in issue as at 21 August 2024, being the date of this interim report.




30   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Details are as follows:

                                                   Number of Share Options (Note 1)
                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                               average closing
                                                                                                                                                               price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                   immediately
                               Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding                                                 Exercise           before the
                                     as at during the during the during the during the       as at                                                 price of   date(s) on which
 Name and category of            1 January    Review     Review     Review     Review     30 June                                               the Share       Share Options
 participants                         2024     Period     Period     Period     Period       2024       Date of grant Exercise period              Options      were exercised
                                                                                                                                                     (HKD)               (HKD)
                                                                                                        (Note 5)       (Note 6)                   (Note 7)

 Directors, chief
    executives,
    and substantial
    Shareholders and
    their respective
    associates
 Mr. Ye Guo Qiang                  250,000           –          –          –           –     250,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
                                         –    500,000           –          –           –     500,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Ms. Zhang Yuxia                   400,000          –           –          –           –     400,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
                                         –    500,000           –          –           –     500,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Ms. Chin Chien Ya (Note 2)        150,000          –           –          –           –     150,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
                                         –    100,000           –          –           –     100,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Dr. Wang Ching                    100,000          –           –          –           –     100,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
                                         –     50,000           –          –           –      50,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill                   –     50,000           –          –           –      50,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Mr. Tatsunobu Sako                      –     50,000           –          –           –      50,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Professor Meng Li Qiu                   –     50,000           –          –           –      50,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Mr. Wu Tak Lung (Note 3)          100,000          –           –          –           –     100,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
 Mr. William Chin (Note 4)               –    300,000           –          –           –     300,000    2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A

 Subtotal                        1,000,000   1,600,000          –          –           –    2,600,000

 Other participants
    (Note 8)
 Employee participants          17,517,000          –           –          –     538,200   16,978,800   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
    (in aggregate)                       – 28,400,000           –          –           –   28,400,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                 N/A
 Related entity participants             –          –           –          –           –            –   N/A            N/A                            N/A                  N/A
    (in aggregate)
 Service providers                 530,000           –          –          –           –     530,000    28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85                 N/A
    (in aggregate)

 Subtotal                       18,047,000 28,400,000           –          –     538,200   45,908,800

 Total                          19,047,000 30,000,000           –          –     538,200   48,508,800




                                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024                       31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Note 1:   Numbers of Shares over which options were granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme
               and the 2022 Share Option Scheme.


     Note 2:   Ms. Chin Chien Ya (“Ms. Chin”), a non-executive Director of the Company, is the daughter
               of Ms. Wei Ching Lien (“Ms. Wei”, an executive Director and Chairperson of the Company).


     Note 3:   Mr. Wu Tak Lung retired as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
               31 May 2023.


     Note 4:   Mr. William Chin (“Mr. Chin”), the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group, is the son of Ms.
               Wei and the brother of Ms. Chin.


     Note 5:   The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 28 July 2020 on which the
               Share Options were granted pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme, i.e. on 27 July
               2020 was HKD22.40. The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 2 May
               2024 on which the Share Options were granted pursuant to the 2022 Share Option Scheme,
               i.e. on 30 April 2024 was HKD13.44.


     Note 6:   The option period for the Share Options granted on 28 July 2020 is for five years five
               months and three days and the vesting periods of such Share Options are as follows: (i)
               up to 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2021; (ii) up to a
               further 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2022; and (iii) all
               of the remaining Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2023. The option
               period for the Share Options granted on 2 May 2024 is for five years seven months and
               twenty-nine days and the vesting periods of such Share Options are as follows: (i) up to
               30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2025; (ii) up to a further
               30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2026; and (iii) all of the
               remaining Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2027.


     Note 7:   The exercise price of the Share Options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or
               bonus issues, or other similar changes on the Company’s share capital.


     Note 8:   There are no (i) participant with Share Options granted and to be granted in excess of the
               1% individual limit, and (ii) related entity participant or service provider with Share Options
               granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue
               (excluding treasury shares).




32   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the grantees of the Company’s Share Option Schemes did not
exercise any Share Options in accordance with the rules and terms of the Share Option
Schemes and 538,200 Share Options lapsed as a result of resignations of grantees.


The fair values of the granted Share Options are listed as follows:


                                                                                              Fair
                                                                                         value at
 Share option                                                                Exercise    the date
 type         Date of grant           Tranche Exercise period                   price    of grant
                                                                               (HKD)        (HKD)

 2020 (Note 1) 28–7–2020              A        1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.29
               28–7–2020              B        1–7–2022 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.59
               28–7–2020              C        1–7–2023 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.74
               28–7–2020              E        1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.32
               28–7–2020              F        1–7–2022 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.61
               28–7–2020              G        1–7–2023 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.75


 2024 (Note 2) 2–5–2024               A        5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30         3.98
               2–5–2024               B        5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.28
               2–5–2024               C        5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.50
               2–5–2024               E        5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30         3.98
               2–5–2024               F        5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.28
               2–5–2024               G        5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.50


Note 1:   For the Share Options granted in 2020, the tranche A, B and C are granted to Directors and
          senior employees, while the tranche E, F and G are granted to other participants (excluding
          associates of Directors).


Note 2:   For the Share Options granted in 2024, the tranche A, B and C are granted to Directors,
          while the tranche E, F and G are granted to other employees (including associates of
          Directors).


Apart from the Share Option Schemes as disclosed above, no Share Option was granted,
exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the Review Period. Particulars of the Company’s
Share Option Schemes are set out in note 21 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.


                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024       33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     On 28 July 2020, the Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award
     Scheme”) to allow share awards (the “Awarded Shares”) at the absolute discretion of
     the Board. The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions
     by certain eligible participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them
     for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel
     for further development of the Group. Selected participants pursuant to the terms of the
     Share Award Scheme will be notified the number of shares awarded to them.


     The total number of Awarded Shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of
     the Share Award Scheme as at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024 were 113,941,359 and
     113,986,359 respectively.


     The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of Share Options and Awarded
     Shares granted under all schemes of the Company during the Review Period divided by the
     weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Review
     Period was approximately 4.17%.

     SUMMARY OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME RULES

     (1)   Purposes and Objectives

           The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions by
           certain Eligible Participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
           them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
           suitable personnel for further development of the Group.




34   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   Eligible Participants for the Share Award Scheme

      The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any Eligible
      Participant (other than any Excluded Participant) for participation in the Share Award
      Scheme as a Selected Participant. Participation in the Share Award Scheme is
      limited to Selected Participants only. The entitlement to the Awarded Shares and/
      or the Related Income shall be designated by the Board at its absolute discretion.


(3)   Duration

      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Share
      Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on
      the Adoption Date.


(4)   Administration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and
      the Trustee in accordance with the Share Award Scheme rules and the Trust Deed
      (as the case may be). The Trustee shall hold the Shares and the income derived
      from the Trust Fund in accordance with the Share Award Scheme rules and the
      terms of the Trust Deed.


(5)   Share Award Scheme Limit

      The Board shall not make any further award of Awarded Shares which will result
      in the aggregate number of Shares awarded by the Board under the Share Award
      Scheme exceeding ten per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from
      time to time. Further, the maximum number of Shares which may be awarded to
      a Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed one per
      cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (6)   Operation

           Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme rules, the Company may from time to time,


           (i)    issue new Awarded Shares under the general mandate granted and/or
                  renewed by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company
                  and/or under specific authority granted by its Shareholders to the Trustee to
                  be held on trust for the relevant Selected Participant; or


           (ii)   the Board may select the Selected Participant(s) and determine the Reference
                  Amount for the purchase of the issued Shares for each of them, or otherwise
                  determine from time to time a Reference Amount for the purchase of
                  Shares, and notify the Trustee of its decision. Within such period as may be
                  determined by the Board after receiving the Reference Amount, the Trustee
                  shall apply the same towards the purchase (or subscription, as the case may
                  be) of the maximum number of board lots of Shares at a price which falls
                  within a range to be set by the Board. The Shares so purchased, the Related
                  Income and any balance of the Reference Amount after completion of the
                  purchase shall form part of the Trust Fund.


           The Board may, at its discretion and from time to time, determine a Reference
           Amount in respect of which the Trustee shall purchase Awarded Shares from the
           market even though no Eligible Participants has yet been designated a Selected
           Participant, as a reserve for future awards to Selected Participants. The Board shall
           then cause such Reference Amount to be paid to the Trustee for acquisition of
           Shares for the purpose of the Awarded Shares under the Share Award Scheme on
           such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board.




36   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(7)   Restrictions

      No Award shall be made by the Board and no new Awarded Shares shall be issued
      under the Share Award Scheme and no instructions to acquire Shares shall be given
      to the Trustee under the Share Award Scheme where any director is in possession
      of unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Group or where dealings
      by Directors are prohibited under any code or requirement of the Listing Rules and
      all applicable laws from time to time.


(8)   Grant and Vesting

      The Company shall notify each Selected Participant of the number of Awarded
      Shares granted to each Selected Participant by a Grant Notice which shall set out
      the respective entitlement of each Selected Participant and specify the additional
      conditions pursuant to which the Awarded Shares and/or the Related Income shall
      vest in each respective Selected Participant. The Trustee shall not hold any income
      of the Trust Fund upon trust for the Selected Participant, who are not entitled to
      any income or rights attached to or derived from the Awarded Shares (inclusive of
      any nil-paid rights, options or warrants derived from the Awarded Shares apart from
      the Related Income) from the date of the grant of the Award until the vesting of
      the Awarded Shares in the Selected Participant.


      Subject to the Share Award Scheme rules and the fulfilment of all vesting conditions
      as specified in the Grant Notice (such fulfilment shall be confirmed by the Board),
      the respective Awarded Shares and the Related Income held by the Trustee on
      behalf of a Selected Participant shall vest in such Selected Participant, and the
      Trustee shall cause such vested Awarded Shares and the Related Income to be
      transferred to, or to the order of, such Selected Participant in accordance with the
      procedure specified in the Share Award Scheme rules.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Except in the circumstances as set out under (9) below, upon the vesting of the
          Awarded Shares, barring any unforeseen circumstances, unless otherwise agreed
          between the Board and the Trustee,


          (i)    the Board shall send to the relevant Selected Participant a Vesting Notice
                 and for purchase of Awarded Shares, together with such prescribed reply
                 slip which require the Selected Participant to execute to effect the vesting
                 and transfer of the Awarded Shares and the Related Income, and


          (ii)   subject to the receipt by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip prescribed in the
                 Vesting Notice and duly signed by the Selected Participant within the period
                 stipulated in the Vesting Notice, and (b) a confirmation from the Company
                 that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, the Trustee shall transfer the
                 relevant Awarded Shares (and where applicable, together with the Related
                 Income) to the relevant Selected Participant as soon as practicable after the
                 Vesting Date and in any event not later than such period after the Vesting
                 Date as may be reasonably determined by the Board. The final decision in
                 relation to such transfer shall be subject to the absolute discretion of the
                 Board.


          Prior to the Vesting Date, any Award made hereunder shall be personal to the
          Selected Participant to whom it is made and shall not be assignable and no Selected
          Participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any
          interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the Awarded Shares
          and the Related Income referable to him pursuant to such Award.




38   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(9)   Disqualification of Selected Participants/Lapse of Award

      In the event of a Total Lapse, all Awarded Shares and the Related Income which
      have not vested shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date and shall become
      Returned Shares and the income of the Trust.


      In the event of a Partial Lapse, subject to the absolute discretion of the Board, the
      relevant part of an Award made to such Selected Participant shall automatically lapse
      forthwith and the relevant Awarded Shares and the Related Income which have
      not vested shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall become Returned
      Shares and income of the Trust.


      In respect of a Selected Participant who retired, resigned or whose employment/
      engagement was terminated by agreement with a member of the Group at any time
      prior to or on the Vesting Date, all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of
      the relevant Selected Participant shall immediately lapse. All the Awarded Shares
      and the Related Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned
      Shares and income of the Trust.


      In the event of the death of a Selected Participant at any time, the award of
      the Awarded Shares and the Related Income shall immediately lapse and all the
      Awarded Shares (or Reference Amount, as the case may be) and the Related
      Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned Shares and
      income of the Trust.


      If there occurs an event of change in control of the Company, whether by way
      of offer, merger, scheme of arrangement or otherwise, all the Awarded Shares
      and the Related Income shall immediately vest on the date when such change of
      control event becomes or is declared unconditional and such date shall be deemed
      to be the Vesting Date. Subject to the receipt by the Trustee of duly executed
      reply slip to the Vesting Notice within 7 Business Days from the deemed Vesting
      Date, the Trustee shall transfer the Awarded Shares and the Related Income to
      the Selected Participant.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            The Trustee shall hold the Returned Shares exclusively for the benefit of all or one
            or more of the Eligible Participants (excluding any Excluded Participant). The Board
            shall in its absolute discretion have the right to determine whether a proposed
            awardee is a Selected Participant at the time of award. When Returned Shares
            have been awarded, the Board shall notify the Trustee accordingly.


     (10)   Voting Rights

            The Trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by
            it as nominee or under the Trust (if any) (including but not limited to the Awarded
            Shares, the Returned Shares, any bonus Shares and scrip Shares derived therefrom).


     (11)   Termination

            (i)    The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of:


                   (a)   on the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date; and


                   (b)   such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided
                         that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any
                         Selected Participant.


            (ii)   Upon termination of the Share Award Scheme,


                   (a)   no further grant of Awarded Shares and the Related Income may be
                         made under the Share Award Scheme, these rules of the Share Award
                         Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in respect only of Awards
                         which have been granted during the term of the Share Award Scheme
                         and which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been
                         issued to a Selected Participant immediately prior to the termination
                         of the Share Award Scheme;




40   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             (b)    all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of the Selected
                    Participants granted under the Share Award Scheme shall become
                    vested on the Selected Participants so referable on such date of
                    termination save in respect of the Total Lapse or otherwise, subject
                    to the receipt by the Trustee of the reply slip to the Vesting Notice
                    prescribed by the Trustee and duly executed by the Selected
                    Participant within the period stipulated by the Trustee;


             (c)    Returned Shares and such non-cash income remaining in the Trust
                    Fund shall be sold by the Trustee, within such period after receiving
                    notice of such termination of the Share Award Scheme as may be
                    determined by the Board; and


             (d)    the Residual Cash for the Selected Participants, net proceeds of sale
                    referred to in paragraph (ii)(b) above and such other funds remaining
                    in the Trust Fund (after making appropriate deductions in respect of
                    all disposal costs, liabilities and expenses) shall be remitted to the
                    Company forthwith.


(12)   Alteration

       The Share Award Scheme may be altered in any respect by a resolution of the Board
       provided that no such amendment shall operate to affect adversely any subsisting
       rights of any Selected Participant.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024     41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Details of the movement of the Awarded Shares during the Review Period and
          during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the tables as
          follows:

                                                                   Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                            average closing
                                                                                                                                                            price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                               immediately
                                                                      Vested                                                                Fair value of        before the
                                          Outstanding Granted          during Cancelled     Lapsed                                              Awarded          date(s) on       Grant
                                                as at during the          the during the during the Outstanding                                   Shares    which Awarded       price of
           Name and category of             1 January    Review       Review     Review     Review as at 30 June                    Vesting        at the      Shares were the Awarded
           participants                          2024     Period       Period     Period     Period         2024    Date of grant   period date of grant             vested      Shares
                                                                                                                                                   (HKD)              (HKD)       (HKD)
                                                                                                                    (Note 1)
           Directors, chief executives,
               and substantial
               Shareholders and their
               respective associates
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Participants with Awarded
               Shares in excess of
               1% individual limit
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Related entity participants
               or service providers
               with Awarded Shares
               granted during the
               Review Period exceeding
               0.1% of the total
               issued Shares
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other employee participants      2,258,000          –           –           –      45,000    2,213,000   29–3–2021       (Note 2)        31.25             N/A              0
              (in aggregate)
           Other related entity
               participants
               (in aggregate)
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other service providers
               (in aggregate)
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other participants
           N/A                                      –          –           –           –           –            –   N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Total                            2,258,000          –           –           –      45,000    2,213,000




42   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                  Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                    average closing
                                                                                                                                                    price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                        immediately
                                                                                                                                                          before the
                          Outstanding                                                    Outstanding                                   Fair value         date(s) on
                                as at  Granted        Vested    Cancelled     Lapsed           as at                                 of Awarded     which Awarded Grant price of
Name and category of       1 January during the        during      during      during   31 December                    Vesting      Shares at the      Shares were the Awarded
participants                    2023       year     the year     the year    the year          2023    Date of grant   period       date of grant             vested     Shares
                                                                                                                                           (HKD)               (HKD)      (HKD)
                                                                                                       (Note 1)
Directors, chief
    executives,
    and substantial
    Shareholders and
    their respective
    associates
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Participants with
    Awarded Shares
    in excess of 1%
    individual limit
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Related entity
    participants or
    service providers
    with Awarded
    Shares granted
    during the year
    exceeding 0.1% of
    the total issued
    Shares
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other employee             2,565,000         —            —           —      307,000       2,258,000   29–3–2021         (Note 2)          31.25              N/A             0
   participants
   (in aggregate)
Other related entity
    participants
    (in aggregate)
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other service providers
    (in aggregate)
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other participants
N/A                                –          –            –           –           –               –   N/A               N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Total                      2,565,000         —            —           —      307,000       2,258,000




                                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024                        43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           Note 1:   The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
                     Shares were granted on 29 March 2021, i.e. on 26 March 2021 was HKD31.05.


           Note 2:   According to the amended vesting conditions, the vesting of 50% of the Awarded
                     Shares is delayed to the fourth anniversary of the date of grant whereas the
                     remaining 50% of the Awarded Shares will also vest on the fourth anniversary of
                     the date of grant, on the basis of satisfaction of relevant vesting conditions.


           Note 3:   There are no (i) participant with Awarded Shares granted and to be granted in excess
                     of the 1% individual limit (as defined in Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules), and (ii)
                     related entity participant or service provider with Awarded Shares granted and to be
                     granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding
                     treasury shares).


           For more details of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to note 21 to the
           condensed consolidated financial statements.

     During the Review Period, there were no contributions forfeited by the Group on behalf
     its employees who leave the plan prior to vesting fully in such contribution, nor had
     there been any utilization of such forfeited contributions to reduce future contributions.
     As at 30 June 2024, no forfeited contributions were available for utilization by the Group
     to reduce the existing level of contributions as described in paragraph 26(2) of Appendix
     D2 to the Listing Rules.

     FUTURE PROSPECTS AND STRATEGIES

     In the first quarter of 2024, China’s passenger vehicle market benefited from the
     continuous price reductions by automobile enterprises, and sales increased significantly.
     At the end of the first quarter, the price war intensified, with a number of automobile
     enterprises escalating their price reductions on existing vehicle models or vehicles models
     soon to be released, in response to the competition in same-class vehicle models from
     the industry leaders or NEV start-ups, which led to the further increase in sales at the
     end of the quarter. The price war among automobile enterprises lingered to the beginning
     of the second quarter, and weakened at the end of the second quarter when the market
     was about to enter the off season, during which the automobile enterprises, who began
     to focus on maintaining profit margins, would not blindly participate in the price war. At
     the same time, the “trade-in” policy has been rolled out at the national and local levels
     in the second quarter, urging automobile enterprises to follow suit with policies such as
     subsidies and cash incentives for ICE vehicle trade-ins, which is expected to continue to
     support the market growth in the second half of the year.

44   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, Chinese OEMs continued to gain share in the Chinese market,
and their competitive stance did not subside, as they launched new vehicle models,
attached importance to their investment in R&D, adhered to a user-oriented R&D mindset,
and gained in-depth insights into the needs of local and international consumers. With
the gradual change of Chinese OEMs’ sole reliance on Chinese market and the fact that
price reduction trend has significantly declined since May, it is expected that the Chinese
market will gradually return to normal competition in the second half of the year.


During the Review Period, the EU initiated a counter-subsidy investigation into China’s
exports of NEV models, and the U.S. levied additional tariffs on China’s exports of EVs,
semiconductors, and key battery components, which slowed down the expansion of
Chinese OEMs into the above markets, prompting Chinese OEMs to think more calmly
and adjust their export and overseas layouts, focusing on emerging markets including
Southeast Asia. South America, Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, and Eastern Europe
may become the next target markets for Chinese OEMs. Looking ahead to the second half
of the year, due to the impact of trade policies of the U.S. and the EU, Chinese OEMs
will face certain growth pressures in their export business. However, under the combined
impetus of the improved competitive landscape among automobile enterprises, the launch
of promotional policies at the state and local level, and the normalization of promotional
efforts from automobile enterprises, it is expected that the Chinese automobile market
will continue to grow in the second half of the year. According to forecast by CAAM,
the sales of passenger vehicles in China in 2024 are expected to be around 26,800,000
units, representing a year-on-year growth of around 3%.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the global light vehicle market recorded growth in both
     production and sales, mainly driven by market growth in emerging countries. According
     to forecast by S&P Global, the global sales of light vehicles in 2024 are expected to be
     around 88,600,000 units, representing a year-on-year growth of around 2.4%. Investments
     in areas such as intelligent Internet-connected vehicles and electrification vary among
     different OEMs. Although Europe and the U.S. have slowed down the progress of battery
     electric vehicles, they are still investing in plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. This has led to
     an increase in capital demand, resulting in a continuous decrease of OEMs’ profits and
     capital reserves, and the pressure to reduce costs may be passed on to suppliers, who
     are not only faced with the pressure of fluctuating raw material prices and increasing
     labour costs, but also with the overall performance changes brought about by the risk of
     fluctuating production volume of OEMs, forming an overall pressure on the profitability
     of the automotive parts industry for the time being. On the other hand, suppliers still
     have favourable business opportunities if they could follow the trend of customers’
     technological innovation, deepen cooperation with customers relying on their proprietary
     R&D capabilities, seize the trend of electronic, intelligent and lightweight applications,
     follow the global layout of OEMs, flexibly adjust their global production capacity, and realise
     localisation of their operations. At the same time, suppliers that can proactively work
     with their customers to reduce costs at the design stage, enhance their cost advantage,
     create an agile organisation, and rationalise their talent reserves for innovative research
     will also gain a significant competitive edge, which will in turn offer sustained support
     for their long-term growth.


     The Group will actively respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by the
     drastic changes in the automobile and parts industry, and will continue to build up its
     comprehensive competitiveness in terms of technology, quality and cost by focusing on
     customer concerns, so as to become a leading global supplier that works most closely
     with its customers. The Group will maintain a keen insight, make full use of the favourable
     conditions created by policies, follow the trend of new energy product development,
     intelligent technology innovation and body weight reduction, and combine the R&D ideas
     established from the perspective of the end market and complete vehicle demand, as
     well as the advantages of the Group’s global platform, to carry out a strategic layout and
     technological innovation. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to deepen cooperation with
     its customers, maintain its Glocal supply capability, respond flexibly to external changes,
     and flexibly adjust its global production capacity to match customers’ globalization strategy,
     thereby capturing more business development opportunities.



46   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In terms of operational improvement, the Group will further optimise strategic planning
of all BUs, continue to enhance its operational capabilities, especially for its overseas
factories, select model factories in different regions for management replication and
cost benchmarking, establish comprehensively competitive strengths in technology, cost,
personnel efficiency and resource utilisation and utilise global resources to achieve local
excellence, thereby achieving effective enhancement in profitability. In the meantime, the
Group will continue to improve the global layout of its BUs, reinforce its Glocal management
capabilities, enhance its local supply level and maximise the global replication or sharing
of the advantages of its different factories in technologies, management, cost, resources
and talents, thereby comprehensively enhancing the Group’s global competitiveness.


The Group will strive to balance and optimise its investment portfolio and value chain
layout in global market and strike excellence in operational capability, in order to better
manage risks and respond to uncertainties of the macro-environment and achieve value
positioning in a more flexible manner. The Group has been steadfastly adhering to its
strategy of global business development, paying attention to changes in circumstances
worldwide and striving for diversified development in multiple regions and customer base,
while ensuring that it has a relatively independent operating space and achieves mass
production in each of its major market regions, thereby realising a dual presence of global
and regional layouts, to protect the Group’s stable development and reduce potential risks
arising from changes in the external environment and geopolitical factors. Meanwhile, the
Group will continue to build up its global operation team, upon which to further consolidate
the Group’s core competitiveness in technology, products and talents, and offer more
system integration solutions and customised products and services to its clients, thereby
striving for a leading position in the global auto parts industry.


DIVIDEND

The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months
ended 30 June 2024 (the same period in 2023: nil).




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     47
     OTHER INFORMATION


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

     As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of substantial Shareholders, other
     than the Directors or the chief executives of the Company, in the Shares and underlying
     shares of the Company as recorded in the register of substantial Shareholders maintained
     by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                                                 of the
                                                                          Total Number      Company’s
      Name of Substantial                                Long/Short         of Ordinary    Issued Share
      Shareholder               Capacity                 Position                Shares         Capital
                                                                                               (Note 1)

      Chin Jong Hwa             Interest of controlled   Long position      450,072,000         38.73%
                                   corporations
                                Interest of spouse       Long position          750,000          0.06%
                                                                                (Note 2)
      Minth Holdings Limited    Beneficial owner         Long position      450,072,000         38.73%
         (“Minth Holdings”)                                                     (Note 3)
      Invesco Asset             Investment manager       Long position       70,656,000          6.08%
         Management Limited


     Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital of 1,161,993,599 Shares as at
               30 June 2024.


     Note 2:   As at 30 June 2024, Minth Holdings and Ms. Wei were beneficially interested in 450,072,000
               Shares and 750,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings was wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
               Jong Hwa and he was therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
               held by Minth Holdings. Since Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is the spouse of Ms. Wei, he is deemed
               to be interested in the 750,000 Shares in which Ms. Wei is interested.


     Note 3:   As at 30 June 2024, Minth Holdings, a company wholly-owned by Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, was
               beneficially interested in 450,072,000 Shares.


     Other than as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Company had not been
     acknowledged by any person of any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO).


48   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief
executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
or which would otherwise have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Division 7 and Division 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions, if any, which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO) and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”), were as follows:

                          Company/                                                             Percentage of
                          Name of                                            Total Number     the Company’s
                          Associated    Long/                                  of Ordinary      Issued Share
 Name of Director         Corporation   Short Position Capacity                     Shares            Capital
                                                                                                     (Note 1)

 Wei Ching Lien           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           750,000            0.06%
                                        Long position   Interest of spouse     450,072,000           38.73%
                                                                                   (Note 2)
 Ye Guo Qiang             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           780,000            0.07%
    (“Mr. Ye”)                                                                     (Note 3)
 Zhang Yuxia              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           990,000            0.09%
                                                                                   (Note 4)
 Chin Chien Ya            Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           250,000            0.02%
                                                                                   (Note 5)
 Wang Ching               Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           150,000            0.01%
     (“Dr. Wang”)                                                                  (Note 5)
 Mok Kwai Pui Bill        Company       Long position   Beneficial owner             50,000          0.004%
     (“Mr. Mok”)                                                                   (Note 6)
 Tatsunobu Sako           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner             50,000          0.004%
     (“Mr. Sako”)                                                                  (Note 6)
 Meng Li Qiu              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner             50,000          0.004%
     (“Professor Meng”)                                                            (Note 6)
 William Chin             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           300,000            0.03%
     (“Mr. Chin”)                                                                  (Note 6)




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024         49
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital is based on the 1,161,993,599 Shares
               issued as at 30 June 2024.


     Note 2:   As at 30 June 2024, Ms. Wei and Minth Holdings were beneficially interested in 750,000
               Shares and 450,072,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings is wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
               Jong Hwa and he is therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
               held by Minth Holdings. Since Ms. Wei is the spouse of Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, Ms. Wei is
               deemed to be interested in the 450,072,000 Shares in which Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is deemed
               to be interested.


     Note 3:   This figure represents (i) 750,000 Share Options granted to Mr. Ye under the 2012 Share
               Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii) 30,000
               Shares held by Mr. Ye. Upon exercise of the Share Options, Mr. Ye will own 750,000
               Shares.


     Note 4:   This figure represents (i) 900,000 Share Options granted to Ms. Zhang under the 2012
               Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii)
               90,000 Shares held by Ms. Zhang. Upon exercise of the Share Options, Ms. Zhang will
               own 900,000 Shares.


     Note 5:   These figures represent the number of Share Options granted to Ms. Chin and Dr. Wang
               under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are
               exercisable. Upon exercise of the Share Options, Ms. Chin and Dr. Wang will own 250,000
               Shares and 150,000 Shares, respectively.


     Note 6:   These figures represent the number of Share Options granted to Mr. Mok, Mr. Sako,
               Professor Meng and Mr. Chin under the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable.
               Upon exercise of the Share Options, Mr. Mok, Mr. Sako, Professor Meng and Mr. Chin
               will own 50,000 Shares, 50,000 Shares, 50,000 Shares and 300,000 Shares, respectively.
               Mr. Chin, the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group, is the son of Ms. Wei and the brother
               of Ms. Chin.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors, chief executives and
     their associates had any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying shares and
     debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO).




50   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY

During the Review Period, the grantees of the Company’s Share Option Schemes did not
exercise any Share Options in accordance with the rules and terms of the Share Option
Schemes and 538,200 Share Options lapsed as a result of resignations of grantees.


During the Review Period, the trustee of the Share Award Scheme did not purchase
any Awarded Shares on the Stock Exchange, and the Group did not grant any Awarded
Shares to the grantees pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme and the terms
of the trust deed. 45,000 Awarded Shares lapsed during the Review Period due to the
resignations of the grantees.


Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries of any listed securities of the Company (including sale of treasury
shares, if any) during the Review Period. As at 30 June 2024, the Company did not hold
any treasury shares.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE AND THE
MODEL CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code
provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance
Code”) set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed below, none of the
Directors is aware of any information that would reasonably indicate that the Company did
not, at any time during the Review Period, comply with the Corporate Governance Code.


Code Provision C.1.6 stipulates that the independent non-executive directors and other
non-executive directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced
understanding of the views of shareholders. Ms. Chin Chien Ya, a non-executive director of
the Company, and Dr. Wang Ching, Mr. Tatsunobu Sako and Professor Meng Li Qiu, each
an independent non-executive director of the Company, attended the 2024 annual general
meeting of the Company by electronic means; Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill, an independent
non-executive director of the Company, attended the meeting in person; and Professor
Chen Quan Shi, the then independent non-executive director of the Company, was unable
to attend the meeting due to other business commitments.



                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     51
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Code provision C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairperson and chief executive officer
     (“CEO”) should be separate and should not be performed by the same person. As
     announced on 13 June 2022, the Company is currently in the process of identifying a new
     CEO following the resignation of the then CEO, and meanwhile, Ms. Wei Ching Lien (an
     executive director and the Chairperson), held (and as at the date of this interim report,
     still holds) the position of the CEO. Taking into account Ms. Wei’s in-depth knowledge
     of the Group’s business and the fact that key decisions were made after consulting
     members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, the Board considers that
     deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 is still appropriate under such circumstance, which
     enables more effective planning and execution of long-term business strategies as well
     as enhances the efficiency of decision-making during the interim period before the next
     appointment of the CEO.


     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing
     Rules as the Company’s code of conduct and the code for dealing in the Company’s
     securities by all Directors. Having made specific enquiries to all Directors, the Directors
     confirmed that they had strictly complied with the standards stipulated under the Model
     Code during the Review Period.


     Notwithstanding the above, the Board is of the view that the Group has an effective
     management structure for its operation and has put in place adequate review and balance
     measures. The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices and will
     thereby enhance its corporate governance standards and compliance with regulatory
     requirements.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

     The Group was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance during
     the Review Period and up to the date of this interim report.




52   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION



AUDIT COMMITTEE

As at 30 June 2024, the Audit Committee of the Company consisted of four independent
non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill (Chairperson of the Audit
Committee), Dr. Wang Ching, Mr. Tatsunobu Sako and Professor Meng Li Qiu. The
Committee reviews the Group’s internal control systems, the completeness and accuracy
of the Group’s financial statements and liaises on behalf of the Directors with the external
auditor. Members of the Committee will meet regularly with the management and external
auditor to review the audit reports as well as the interim and annual financial reports of
the Group. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and this interim report, and
recommended its adoption by the Board.


                                                                 By Order of the Board
                                                                 Minth Group Limited
                                                                    Wei Ching Lien
                                                                     Chairperson

Hong Kong, 21 August 2024




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024     53
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MINTH GROUP LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Minth Group
     Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
     set out on pages 56 to 98, which comprise the condensed consolidated statement of
     financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of
     changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month
     period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance
     with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
     Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
     presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with
     HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated
     financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as
     a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
     We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
     2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of
     the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of
     these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily
     of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
     other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
     in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
     us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
     be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




54   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                            REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects,
in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


21 August 2024




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024     55
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                            2024             2023
                                                      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                              Notes      RMB’000         RMB’000

      Revenue                                  3       11,090,414        9,747,406
      Cost of sales                                    (7,928,777)      (7,184,673)

      Gross profit                                      3,161,637       2,562,733
      Investment income                        4          190,648         171,409
      Other income                             5          206,501         148,007
      Impairment losses under expected
         credit loss model, net of reversal    14         (14,553)            548
      Other gains and losses                   6               20           2,990
      Distribution and selling expenses                  (531,118)       (359,883)
      Administrative expenses                            (742,501)       (623,068)
      Research expenditures                              (714,608)       (615,618)
      Interest expenses                                  (290,690)       (232,292)
      Share of results of joint ventures                   21,439          11,322
      Share of results of associates                      (14,082)          (9,921)

      Profit before tax                                 1,272,693       1,056,227
      Income tax expense                       7         (196,031)       (158,756)

      Profit for the period                    8        1,076,662         897,471




56   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                        PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2024                    2023
                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                            Note       RMB’000                RMB’000
Other comprehensive (expense)
   income:
Items that may be subsequently
   reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences arising
      on translation of financial
      statements of foreign
      operations                                        (74,456)                162,517
   Fair value loss on:
      debt instruments measured
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                               (230)                    (996)
Other comprehensive (expense)
  income for the period (net of
  income tax)                                           (74,686)                161,521
Total comprehensive income for the
  period                                              1,001,976               1,058,992

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                               1,068,192                 887,300
  Non-controlling interests                               8,470                  10,171

                                                      1,076,662                 897,471
Total comprehensive income for the
  period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                               1,013,624               1,047,148
  Non-controlling interests                             (11,648)                 11,844

                                                      1,001,976               1,058,992

Earnings per share                          10
  Basic                                               RMB0.928               RMB0.771

  Diluted                                             RMB0.928               RMB0.771



                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024         57
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     At 30 June 2024




                                                    At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                          2024              2023
                                                   (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                           Notes      RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment       11      16,067,665        15,475,982
        Right-of-use assets                 11       1,046,364         1,057,581
        Goodwill                                        98,030            98,030
        Other intangible assets                         96,664           112,323
        Interests in joint ventures                    276,491           274,546
        Interests in associates                        115,586           132,746
        Deferred tax assets                            459,113           418,768
        Prepayment for acquisition of
           property, plant and equipment               454,666           944,330
        Contract assets                     13       1,065,596           943,395
        Contract costs                                 101,470           107,460
        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                       29,180            29,578
          Plan assets                                   2,303              3,519
          Time deposits                               756,115            453,293
          Derivative financial assets       15          2,111              2,361

                                                    20,571,354        20,053,912

      Current assets
        Inventories                                  4,170,580         3,982,201
        Loan receivable                                 26,509            27,777
        Trade and other receivables         12       6,697,688         6,609,980
        Contract assets                     13         270,576           263,034
        Derivative financial assets         15           8,673            19,804
        Debt instruments at fair value
           through other comprehensive
           income                                     522,138            584,837
        Pledged bank deposits and time
           deposits                                    806,591         1,840,456
        Cash and cash equivalents                    5,503,250         4,165,305

                                                    18,006,005        17,493,394


58   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                     At 30 June 2024




                                                 At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                       2024               2023
                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                        Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000

Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables               16       7,283,551          7,004,330
  Tax liabilities                                   161,081            226,173
  Borrowings                             17       5,740,785          5,851,363
  Lease liabilities                                  18,035             19,604
  Contract liabilities                              159,988            139,650
  Derivative financial liabilities       15          16,237              1,773
  Other long-term liability due
     within one year                     20        883,800             874,500

                                                 14,263,477         14,117,393

Net current assets                                3,742,528          3,376,001

Total assets less current liabilities            24,313,882         23,429,913

Capital and reserves
  Share capital                          18         116,269            116,269
  Share premium and reserves                     19,231,056         18,202,228

Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                        19,347,325         18,318,497
Non-controlling interests                           810,366            821,382

Total equity                                     20,157,691         19,139,879

Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                             17       3,640,332          3,836,960
  Deferred tax liabilities                          270,644            222,853
  Lease liabilities                                  74,183             66,574
  Derivative financial liabilities       15          10,911              6,265
  Deferred income                        19          44,669             44,553
  Other long-term liability              20         115,452            112,829

                                                  4,156,191          4,290,034

                                                 24,313,882         23,429,913




                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024      59
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                                  Statutory                                        Share-                Attributable
                                                                                                    surplus Enterprise                              based                 to owners        Non-
                                           Share       Share     Treasury    Special      Other    reserve expansion      FVTOCI     Exchange    payment     Retained          of the controlling
                                          capital   premium         stock    reserve    reserve        fund      fund     reserve      reserve    reserve      profits     Company interests            Total
                                        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000
      At 1 January 2023 (audited)        116,255    4,148,705   (258,661)    276,199     72,693   1,073,376    430,651       (572)   (145,935)    266,411 10,938,629 16,917,751          780,368 17,698,119
      Profit for the period                    –            –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –           –     887,300       887,300       10,171      897,471
      Other comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –          –           –          –           –          –       (996)    160,844           –           –       159,848        1,673      161,521
      Total comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –          –           –          –           –          –       (996)    160,844           –     887,300     1,047,148       11,844     1,058,992
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments                  –            –          –           –          –          –           –          –           –      16,713           –        16,713             –      16,713
      Transfer to reserve fund                 –            –          –           –          –     90,699           –          –           –           –     (90,699)            –             –           –
      Transfer to other reserve for
         share option forfeited after
         the vesting date                      –            –          –           –      6,170           –          –          –           –      (6,170)          –             –             –            –
      Dividends recognised as
         distribution (Note 9)                 –            –      6,025           –          –           –          –          –           –           –    (608,578)     (602,553)            –     (602,553)
      Dividends declared to non-
         controlling interests                 –           –           –           –          –           –          –          –           –           –           –             –       (71,901)     (71,901)
      Exercise of share options                1          54           –           –          –           –          –          –           –         (11)          –            44             –           44
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payment in a
         subsidiary (Note 21)                  –            –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –       1,224           –         1,224        2,134         3,358
      At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)        116,256    4,148,759   (252,636)    276,199     78,863   1,164,075    430,651     (1,568)     14,909     278,167 11,126,652 17,380,327          722,445 18,102,772




60   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                            Statutory                                        Share-                Attributable
                                                                                              surplus Enterprise                              based                 to owners         Non-
                                     Share       Share    Treasury     Special      Other     reserve expansion     FVTOCI Exchange        payment     Retained          of the controlling
                                    capital   premium        stock     reserve    reserve        fund      fund     reserve  reserve        reserve      profits     Company interests           Total
                                   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000
 At 1 January 2024 (audited)        116,269   4,153,085   (252,636)    276,199     73,976   1,073,376    430,651     (1,688)    (69,447)    284,280 12,234,432 18,318,497          821,382 19,139,879
 Profit for the period                    –           –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –           –    1,068,192     1,068,192        8,470    1,076,662
 Other comprehensive income
    for the period                        –           –          –           –          –           –          –      (230)     (54,338)          –            –       (54,568)     (20,118)     (74,686)
 Total comprehensive income
    for the period                        –           –          –           –          –           –          –      (230)     (54,338)          –    1,068,192     1,013,624      (11,648) 1,001,976
 Recognition of equity-settled
    share-based payments                  –           –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –      14,841            –        14,841            –      14,841
 Transfer to other reserve for
    share option forfeited after
    the vesting date                      –           –          –           –      3,548           –          –          –           –      (3,548)           –             –            –            –
 Recognition of equity-settled
    share-based payment in a
    subsidiary (Note 21)                  –           –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –        363             –           363         632          995
 At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)        116,269   4,153,085   (252,636)    276,199     77,524   1,073,376    430,651     (1,918)   (123,785)    295,936 13,302,624 19,347,325          810,366 20,157,691



Note:

The special reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal amount of the shares
issued by the Company and the aggregate amount of the paid-in capital of subsidiaries acquired
pursuant to the group reorganisation in June 2005.

The other reserve of the Group consists of: (i) contributions from the substantial shareholder Mr. Chin
Jong Hwa (“Mr. Chin”) in connection with the Group’s acquisition of an associate from Mr. Chin
pursuant to the group reorganisation, (ii) reserve arising from acquisition of additional interest in a
subsidiary, (iii) revaluation reserve recognised upon acquisition of businesses from interests in joint
ventures, (iv) reserve transferred from share options reserve for share options forfeited after the
vesting date.

As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprise in the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC”), the PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve
fund which is non-distributable. Appropriations to such reserves are made out of profit after taxation
of the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries. The amount and basis of allocation are
decided by its respective board of directors annually. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used
to make up its prior year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of
capitalisation issue. The enterprise expansion funds are also appropriated out of profit after taxation
of the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries subject to the approval by its respective
board of directors annually, for the use of development and expanding the capital base of the PRC
subsidiaries.

The financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
reserve represents the changes in fair value of bill receivables which was measured as debt instruments
at FVTOCI in the condensed consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024                                  61
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2024             2023
                                                       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                 1,730,626       1,597,158
      NET CASH FROM (USED IN) INVESTING
        ACTIVITIES:
        Proceeds from redemption of other
           financial assets and derivative financial
           instruments                                   4,833,907       4,497,606
        Investment in other financial assets and
           derivative financial instruments             (4,826,957)      (4,448,993)
        Receipt of government subsidies related
           to assets                                       45,739           86,733
        Interest received                                 305,529          242,353
        Dividends received from joint ventures             19,494                –
        Proceeds on disposal of property, plant
           and equipment                                    11,376          23,909
        Proceeds on disposal of other intangible
           assets                                               88               –
        Payment for investment in an associate                   –            (715)
        Placement of pledged bank deposits                 (37,357)       (405,146)
        Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                 66,061         100,000
        Payment for right-of-use assets                       (110)        (16,447)
        Purchases of property, plant and
           equipment                                    (1,093,223)      (1,997,449)
        Placement of time deposits                        (302,822)               –
        Withdrawal of time deposits                      1,010,000                –
        Consideration received for the disposal of
           an associate                                      4,104                –
        Net cash inflow arising on settlement of
           consideration receivable in respect of
           disposal of subsidiaries in prior years           2,160         152,510
        Repayment from an associate                          1,879          73,516
        Loan to an associate                                     –         (85,314)
        Purchases of other intangible assets                (8,851)        (26,329)

                                                            31,017       (1,803,766)



62   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                  2024                    2023
                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                               RMB’000                RMB’000

NET CASH (USED IN) FROM FINANCING
  ACTIVITIES:
  Repayment of borrowings                   (15,756,237)           (14,396,915)
  Dividends paid to owners of the Company             –               (602,553)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling
     shareholders                                       –              (93,234)
  Interest paid                                (276,864)              (223,631)
  New borrowings raised                      15,607,615             15,408,219
  Proceeds from exercise of share options             –                     44
  Repayment of lease liabilities                (12,088)               (11,590)

                                               (437,574)                 80,340

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
  equivalents                                 1,324,069                (126,268)
Cash and cash equivalents at the
  beginning of the period                     4,165,305               4,220,651
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes        13,876                  23,213

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of
  the period                                  5,503,250               4,117,596




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024         63
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     1.     BASIS OF PREPARATION

            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
            with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting”
            issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
            as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing
            of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

            The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi
            (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional currency of the Company.

     2.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
            historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
            at fair values.

            Other than addition/change in accounting policies resulting from application
            of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the
            accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated
            financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as
            those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended
            31 December 2023.

            Application of amendments to HKFRSs

            In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to
            HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
            for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
            the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

            Amendments to HKFRS 16                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
            Amendments to HKAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                      Non-current and related amendments to
                                                      Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
            Amendments to HKAS 1                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
            Amendments to HKAS 7 and                Supplier Finance Arrangements
             HKFRS 7


64   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024



Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the
current interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions
and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out
in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


2.1   Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification
      of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
      to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”)
      and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with
      Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)

      2.1.1 Transition and summary of impact

            The Group has applied the new accounting policy and the amendments
            retrospectively. The application of the amendments in the current
            period has the following impacts on borrowings which are subject to
            meeting certain conditions/covenants within 12 months from reporting
            date.


            a)     Borrowings which are subject to meeting certain
                   conditions/covenants within 12 months from reporting date

                   The Group’s right to defer settlement for borrowings of
                   RMB1,459,425,000 and RMB1,101,960,000 as at 1 January and
                   31 December 2023, respectively are subject to compliance with
                   certain financial ratios only after the reporting period. Upon the
                   application of the 2022 Amendments, such borrowings are still
                   classified as non-current as the covenants which the Group is
                   required to comply with only after the reporting period do not
                   affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting date.

                   Except as described above, the application of the 2020 and 2022
                   Amendments has no other material impact on the classification
                   of the Group’s other liabilities. The change in accounting policy
                   does not have impact to the Group’s profit or loss or earnings
                   per share for the six months ended 30 June 2023.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024         65
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     3A. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

            Disaggregation of revenue

                                             Six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
                                              Automobile
                                               body part            Mould            Total
                                                RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

              Types of goods or services
              Sales of goods                    10,116,844          973,570      11,090,414

              Geographical markets
              The PRC                            4,057,626          468,259        4,525,885
              Other countries                    6,059,218          505,311        6,564,529

              Total                             10,116,844          973,570      11,090,414


                                               Six months ended 30 June 2023 (unaudited)
                                                Automobile
                                                  body part        Mould           Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

              Types of goods or services
              Sales of goods                     9,066,046          681,360        9,747,406

              Geographical markets
              The PRC                            3,792,602          418,880        4,211,482
              Other countries                    5,273,444          262,480        5,535,924

              Total                              9,066,046          681,360        9,747,406


            During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and the same period in 2023, to better
            reflect the ultimate locations of its customers’ operations, the Group reclassified
            the revenue of a certain client from China to other countries.


            All the revenue of the Group has been recognised at a point in time.




66   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024



3B. SEGMENT INFORMATION

   Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief
   operating decision maker, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of
   segment performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided.


   No operating segments have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments
   of the Group.


   The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable
   segments:


   For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)

                                                                   Battery-
                                          Plastic Metal & Trim     housing    Aluminum     Others     Elimination Consolidated
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

    Segment revenue                      2,842,566    2,541,801   2,390,969   2,372,380   1,515,748     (573,050)   11,090,414

    Segment profit                        684,735      675,522     492,139      829,707    440,083        39,451     3,161,637

    Investment income                                                                                                  190,648
    Other unallocated income and gains
         and losses                                                                                                     191,968
    Unallocated expenses                                                                                             (1,988,227)
    Interest expenses                                                                                                  (290,690)
    Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                   21,439
    Share of results of associates                                                                                      (14,082)

    Profit before tax                                                                                                1,272,693
    Income tax expense                                                                                                (196,031)

    Profit for the period                                                                                            1,076,662




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024                67
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            For the six months ended 30 June 2023 (unaudited)

                                                                               Battery-
                                                     Plastic   Metal & Trim    housing     Aluminum      Others    Elimination   Consolidated
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

              Segment revenue                      2,487,270      2,512,333   1,802,427    2,079,840   1,215,877     (350,341)     9,747,406

              Segment profit                        548,668        661,510     321,934      746,736     223,549        60,336      2,562,733

              Investment income                                                                                                      171,409
              Other unallocated income and gains
                   and losses                                                                                                         151,545
              Unallocated expenses                                                                                                 (1,598,569)
              Interest expenses                                                                                                      (232,292)
              Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                       11,322
              Share of results of associates                                                                                           (9,921)

              Profit before tax                                                                                                    1,056,227
              Income tax expense                                                                                                    (158,756)

              Profit for the period                                                                                                  897,471



     4.     INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024                        2023
                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000

              Interest on bank balance                                                         190,037                       171,373
              Interest on loan receivables                                                         611                            36

              Total                                                                            190,648                       171,409




68   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024



5.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

           Government grants (Note i)                                     137,672                 94,761
           Service and consultation income (Note ii)                       26,055                 13,878
           Sales of scrap and raw materials (Note iii)                     17,486                 17,681
           Property rental income, net of outgoings                         7,018                 11,820
           Others                                                          18,270                  9,867

           Total                                                          206,501                148,007


     Notes:


     (i)           The amounts represent the various subsidies granted by the PRC local government
                   authorities to group entities as incentives for their good performance in quality control
                   or environmental protection, or involvement in the hi-tech know-how industry and
                   product development activities. The government grants were unconditional and had
                   been approved by the PRC local government authorities.


     (ii)          The Group provides certain maintenance, repairing and technical consultation services
                   to customers, which are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time
                   as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                   Group’s performance as the Group performs. As a practical expedient, the Group has not
                   disclosed the information of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance
                   obligation has an original expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in
                   note 5 for the period have been offset by the relevant costs for service and consultation
                   income of RMB3,650,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB3,851,000).




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024         69
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            (iii)      Revenue for sales of scrap and raw materials is recognised when control of the
                       materials has been transferred to the buyer, being at the point the goods are delivered
                       to the buyer. As a practical expedient, the Group has not disclosed the information
                       of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance obligation has an original
                       expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in note 5 for the period
                       have been offset by the relevant costs for sales of scrap and raw materials of
                       RMB151,117,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB135,019,000).


     6.     OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

               Net foreign exchange gains                                    22,977                23,354
               Losses on disposal of property, plant
                  and equipment                                              (5,934)                (9,191)
               Impairment loss recognised on property,
                  plant and equipment                                        (5,548)                (4,450)
               Losses on fair value changes of
                  derivative financial instruments                          (23,542)                (3,219)
               Fair value changes of other financial
                  assets at fair value through profit or
                  loss (“FVTPL”)                                              5,819                       –
               Gain on disposal of an associate                               1,026                       –
               Others                                                         5,222                 (3,504)

               Total                                                             20                  2,990




70   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024



7.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                           2024                     2023
                                                     (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Current tax:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                         168,922                 184,680
        Other jurisdictions                                26,983                  35,102

                                                          195,905                 219,782

      Over provision in prior years:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                           (7,320)                (10,569)

      Deferred tax:
        Current period                                      7,446                  (50,457)

                                                          196,031                 158,756


     No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group’s income
     neither arises in, nor is derived from, Hong Kong.


     Under the Law of the Macau Corporate Income Tax (the “MCIT Law”), the tax
     rate of Minth International Macau Commercial Offshore Limited. (“Minth Macau”)
     is 12%.


     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and
     Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries
     is 25%.


     Under the Law of the Mexican Corporate Income Tax (the “CIT Law”), the tax rate
     of the Mexico subsidiaries is 30%.


     Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the
     relevant jurisdictions.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024         71
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            According to the EIT Law, which was issued in the year 2007, and the Caishui
            [2011] No. 58 (“Circular 58”), certain of the group entities located in the PRC have
            been entitled to the following tax concession under the EIT Law:

            (1)     Those entities which are located in specific provinces of western China and
                    engaged in specific encouraged industries enjoy a preferential tax rate of
                    15% under the EIT Law.

            (2)     Those entities which are qualified as “Hi-New Tech Enterprises” (“HNTE”)
                    would enjoy a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law and the
                    qualification of HNTE is subject to every 3-year renewal.

            Under the relevant tax law and implementation regulations in the PRC, withholding
            income tax is applicable to interest and dividends payable to investors that are
            “non-tax resident enterprises”, which do not have an establishment or place of
            business in the PRC, or which have such establishment or place of business but
            the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place
            of business, to the extent such interest or dividends have their sources within the
            PRC. Under such circumstances, dividends distributed from the PRC subsidiaries to
            off-shore group entities shall be subject to the withholding income tax at 10% or a
            lower treaty rate. Under tax treaty, withholding income tax rate on distributions to
            Hong Kong resident companies is 5%. Therefore, withholding income tax has been
            provided for based on the anticipated dividends to be distributed by the PRC entities.

            The deferred tax balance has been adjusted to reflect the tax rates that are expected
            to apply to the respective periods when the asset is realised or the liability is
            settled under the EIT Law and other related tax regulations in other jurisdictions.

            As at 30 June 2024, the Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar
            Two Rules is effective/enacted but not effective. However, as those jurisdictions
            where the Group as a consolidated entity or an investment with 50% or more direct
            or indirect ownership from ultimate parent company of the Group are estimated
            to pass the Country-by-Country Reporting (“CbCR”) safe harbour rule provided
            in Global Anti-base Erosion Rules (“GloBE”) for the year of 2024. Therefore, the
            management of the Group has not made relevant disclosures of qualitative and
            quantitative information about the Group’s exposure to the Pillar Two income taxes.

            However, this information is based on the Group’s best estimate under the GloBE
            Rules. Due to the complexity of the calculation of the Pillar Two Rules, the Group
            is continuing to assess the impact of the Pillar Two income taxes on its future
            financial performance.


72   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024



8.   PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

     Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting) the following items:


                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                              2024                     2023
                                                        (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Directors’ remuneration                                  2,435                   2,491
      Other staff’s salaries and allowances                2,071,901               1,756,071
      Other staff’s related welfares and
         benefits                                            137,039                 130,847
      Other staff’s retirement benefits
         scheme contributions                                130,166                 108,475
      Other staff’s share-based payments                      15,392                  16,297

      Total staff costs                                    2,356,933               2,014,181

      Depreciation of property, plant and
        equipment                                            678,216                 625,483
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                     23,509                  21,725
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                 24,426                  22,774
      Amortisation of contract costs                           7,324                  18,434

      Total depreciation and amortisation                    733,475                 688,416

      Cost of inventories recognised                       7,928,777               7,184,673
      Write-down of inventories                               39,926                   9,615
      Reversal of inventories provision                         (162)                      –




                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024         73
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     9.     DIVIDENDS

                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                              (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

              Dividends recognised as distribution
                 during the period:
              2023 Final – Nil (2022: final dividend
                 HK$0.578) per share                                     –             608,578


            No dividend was paid to shareholders as the final dividend for 2023 (On 27 June
            2023, a dividend of HK$0.578 per share was paid to shareholders as the final
            dividend for 2022).


            The directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be proposed
            in respect of the interim period for both current and last period.

     10.    EARNINGS PER SHARE

            The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners
            of the Company is based on the following data:


                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                              (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

              Earnings
              Earnings for the purposes of basic and
                diluted earnings per share (profit for
                the period attributable to owners of
                the Company)                                    1,068,192              887,300




74   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                               2024                      2023
                                                         (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                ’000                     ’000

      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary
         shares for the purpose of basic
         earnings per share (Note i)                        1,150,474                1,150,318
      Effect of dilutive share options and
         restricted shares (Note ii)                                   –                       –

      Weighted average number of ordinary
       shares for the purpose of diluted
       earnings per share                                   1,150,474                1,150,318


Notes:


(i)       The computation of basic earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024
          and six months ended 30 June 2023 has excluded the ordinary shares held in a trust
          which are accounted for as treasury shares of the Company.


(ii)      All outstanding share options of the Company have not been included in the computation
          of diluted earnings per share neither for the six months ended 30 June 2024 nor for the
          six months ended 30 June 2023 as they did not have dilutive effect on the Company’s
          earnings per share because the exercise prices of these options were higher than the
          average market prices of the Company’s shares during the current and prior interim
          period.




                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024         75
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     11.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

            During the current interim period, the Group spent RMB1,093,223,000
            (RMB1,997,449,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023) on the construction
            of the manufacturing plant and acquisitions of plant and machinery in the PRC,
            the United States of America, Thailand, Britain, Czech Republic, Germany, Mexico,
            Poland, Japan, France, Korea and Republic of Serbia, in order to upgrade its
            manufacturing capabilities.


            During the current and last interim period, due to the change of business plan,
            the management of the Group identified certain idle machineries and equipment
            while the Group assessed that they had no alternative plan to use them since
            these assets were all customised machineries and equipment for its certain
            customers. Accordingly, the Group recognised an impairment in respect of these
            idle machineries and equipment in full with carrying amounts of RMB5,548,000
            (RMB4,450,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023) during the current interim
            period.


            During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease
            agreements with lease terms ranged from 1 to 30 years. The Group is required
            to make fixed monthly payments and additional variable payments depending on
            the usage of the assets during the contract period. On lease commencement, the
            Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB15,232,000 (for the six months ended
            30 June 2023: RMB4,478,000) and lease liabilities of RMB15,232,000 (for the six
            months ended 30 June 2023: RMB4,478,000).


            During the current interim period, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of
            RMB110,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB16,447,000) in respect
            of newly obtained land use right located in the PRC.




76   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                            At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                           (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

          Trade receivables
             – associates                                        10,543                   11,320
             – joint ventures                                    16,398                   31,437
             – other related parties*                               578                    3,873
             – third parties                                  4,966,428                4,743,969
          Less: Allowance for credit losses                     (59,324)                 (50,571)

                                                              4,934,623                4,740,028

          Other receivables                                      94,165                 101,870
          Less: Allowance for credit losses                           –                    (951)

                                                                 94,165                 100,919

                                                              5,028,788                4,840,947

          Prepayments to suppliers                              876,769                 867,904
          Utility and rental prepayments                         30,900                  39,815
          Prepaid value-added tax recoverable
             and refundable                                     652,325                 634,756
          Consideration receivable for disposal
             of a subsidiary                                            –                 2,160
          Interest receivable                                   108,906                 224,398

          Total trade and other receivables                   6,697,688                6,609,980


      *       The companies are those in which Mr. Chin and his family have control.




                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024         77
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            The Group normally grants a credit period of 60 days to 90 days to customers
            effective from the invoice date. The following is an aged analysis of trade
            receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the invoice date
            at the end of the reporting period, which approximated the respective revenue
            recognition dates:


                                                            At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                  2024                2023
                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

              Age
              0–90 days                                       4,479,313           4,245,889
              91–180 days                                       324,072             353,866
              181–365 days                                       96,090              98,771
              1–2 years                                          31,475              35,547
              Over 2 years                                        3,673               5,955

                                                              4,934,623           4,740,028


     13.    CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                            At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                  2024                2023
                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

              Moulds development                              1,344,188           1,214,445
              Less: Allowance for credit losses                  (8,016)             (8,016)

                                                              1,336,172           1,206,429

              Analysed for reporting purpose as:
              Current                                           270,576            263,034
              Non-current                                     1,065,596            943,395

                                                              1,336,172           1,206,429




78   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024



      The contract assets are in relation to the Group’s rights to consideration for moulds
      development work which are fully completed and accepted by the customers but
      not billed yet. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables at the time
      the rights to consideration become unconditional as stipulated in the relevant
      contracts.


14.   IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND
      OTHER ITEMS SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES (“ECL”)
      MODEL

                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2024                     2023
                                                       (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

       Impairment losses recognised (reversed)
          in respect of
       Trade receivables                                     15,221                     (548)
       Other receivables                                       (668)                       –
       Loan receivables                                           –                        –

                                                             14,553                     (548)


      The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques
      used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended
      30 June 2024 are the same as those followed in the preparation of the Group’s
      annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024         79
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     15.    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
            LIABILITIES

                                                        At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                              2024              2023
                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Derivative financial assets
              Foreign exchange forward contracts (a)         5,662            18,393
              Foreign currency structural option
                 contracts (b)                               2,499                 –
              Interest rate swap contracts (c)               2,623             3,772

                                                            10,784            22,165

              Derivative financial liabilities
              Foreign exchange forward contracts (a)        13,573             1,706
              Foreign currency structural option
                contracts (b)                                2,664                67
              Cross-currency swap contracts (d)             10,911             6,265

                                                            27,148             8,038


                                                        At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                              2024              2023
                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Analysed for reporting purpose as:
              Current assets                                 8,673            19,804
              Non-current assets                             2,111             2,361

                                                            10,784            22,165

              Current liabilities                           16,237             1,773
              Non-current liabilities                       10,911             6,265

                                                            27,148             8,038




80   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024



Notes:


a.       Foreign exchange forward contracts


         As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a number of outstanding foreign exchange
         forward contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB5,662,000 (31 December 2023:
         RMB18,393,000), and derivative financial liabilities of RMB13,573,000 (31 December
         2023: RMB1,706,000) have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the
         above foreign exchange forward contracts, respectively.


b.       Foreign currency structural option contracts


         As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a number of foreign currency structural option
         contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB2,499,000 (31 December 2023: Nil), and
         derivative financial liabilities of RMB2,664,000 (31 December 2023: RMB67,000) have
         been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above options contracts,
         respectively.


c.       Interest rate swap contracts


         As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a number of interest rate swap contracts. Derivative
         financial assets of RMB2,623,000 (31 December 2023: RMB3,772,000) have been
         recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above interest rate swap contracts.


d.       Cross-currency swap contracts


         As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a number of cross-currency swap contracts.
         Derivative financial liabilities of RMB10,911,000 (31 December 2023: RMB6,265,000)
         have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above cross-currency
         swap contracts.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024         81
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     16.    TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                  At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                Trade payables
                   – associates                                        17,634                  24,896
                   – joint ventures                                    66,347                  57,289
                   – non-controlling shareholders of
                        subsidiaries                                        –                      112
                   – other related parties*                             9,271                    6,594
                   – third parties                                  3,769,212                3,244,514
                                                                    3,862,464                3,333,405
                Bills payables                                        704,418                1,014,233
                Other payables
                  – associates                                              61                     61
                  – joint ventures                                         744                    430
                  – non-controlling shareholders of
                       subsidiaries                                          –                  1,753
                  – other related parties*                                 919                  1,702
                                                                         1,724                  3,946
                                                                    4,568,606                4,351,584
                Payroll and welfare payables                          645,065                 765,074
                Consideration payable for acquisition of
                   property, plant and equipment                      914,884                 846,827
                Technology support services fees
                   payable                                             24,405                  21,516
                Freight and utilities payable                         136,143                  80,093
                Other tax payable                                     141,899                 112,353
                Deposits received                                      10,445                   5,366
                Dividend payables                                      10,621                  10,621
                Others                                                831,483                 810,896
                Total trade and other payables                      7,283,551                7,004,330


            *       The companies are those in which Mr. Chin and his family have control.



82   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024



      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice
      date at the end of the reporting period:


                                                       At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                             2024                  2023
                                                      (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

       Age
       0–90 days                                        2,844,174                2,631,211
       91–180 days                                        736,579                  447,812
       181–365 days                                       201,598                  180,444
       1–2 years                                           68,841                   64,009
       Over 2 years                                        11,272                    9,929

                                                        3,862,464                3,333,405


17.   BORROWINGS

      During the current interim period, the Group obtained new borrowings amounting to
      RMB15,607,615,000 (RMB15,408,219,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023).
      The loans bear interest at variable market rates and fixed rates. The proceeds were
      used to provide additional working capital for the Group. Repayments of borrowings
      amounting to RMB15,756,237,000 (RMB14,396,915,000 for the six months ended
      30 June 2023) were made during the current interim period in line with the relevant
      repayment terms.


      In respect of non-current bank loans with carrying amount of RMB786,732,000 as
      at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB1,101,960,000), the Group is required
      to comply with certain financial covenants which are tested on an annual basis as
      long as the loans are outstanding.


      The Group has complied with these covenants at the end of the reporting period
      and classified the related bank loans balance as non-current liabilities.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024         83
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     18.    SHARE CAPITAL

                                                   Number of
                                                      shares    Share capital
                                                        ’000         HK$’000

              Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each


              Authorised:
              At 1 January 2023, 30 June 2023,
                 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024    5,000,000        500,000


                                                   Number of
                                                      shares    Share capital
                                                        ’000        RMB’000

              Issued and fully paid:


              As at 1 January 2023 (audited)        1,161,836        116,255
              Exercise of share options                     2              1

              At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)           1,161,838        116,256

              As at 1 January 2024 (audited)        1,161,994        116,269
              Exercise of share options                     –              –

              At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)           1,161,994        116,269




84   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024



19.   DEFERRED INCOME

                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                              (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

          Government grants received
            – non-current liabilities                               44,669                  44,553


20.   OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group entered into an agreement
      with a local government agency in the PRC, who agreed to inject capital
      contribution amounting to RMB117,000,000 into Qingyuan Minth Automobile Parts
      Co., Ltd.* (清遠敏實汽車零部件有限公司) (“Qingyuan Minth”), a subsidiary of the
      Group. Pursuant to the capital injection agreement, the local government agency
      would not participate in Qingyuan Minth’s operation and management. The local
      government agency would enforce the right requiring the Group, and the Group is
      obligated, to redeem the capital injection from local government agency within five
      years after the receipt of the capital, together with interest calculated based on
      the below-market interest rate stipulated in the agreement. Therefore, the capital
      injection made by the local government agency is treated as a long-term liability.
      The difference between the present value of the long-term liability based on the
      expected repayment term and its principal amount is accounted for as government
      grant and recorded as deferred income. As at 30 June 2024, the carrying amount
      of this long-term liability together with the interest payable is RMB115,452,000
      (31 December 2023: RMB112,829,000).

      *    The English name is for identification purposes only.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024         85
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into an agreement
            with local government funds in the PRC to establish a partnership Jiaxing Minth
            Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (嘉興敏實定向股
            權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Jiaxing Partnership”) with an operation period of
            5 years, whose only investment target is Jiaxing Minhua Automotive Parts Co.,
            Ltd.* (嘉興敏華汽車零部件有限公司) (“Jiaxing Minhua”), a subsidiary of the Group.
            Pursuant to the agreement, the local government funds would contribute capital
            amounting to RMB800,000,000 into the Jiaxing Partnership. The local government
            funds would neither participate in Jiaxing Partnership’s nor Jiaxing Minhua’s
            operation and management. The local government funds would require the Group
            and the Group is obligated to redeem RMB800,000,000 of the capital contributed by
            the local government funds together with interest calculated based on the market
            interest rate, no later than the expiry of the operation period of Jiaxing Partnership.
            The interest could be recognised as a reduction of interest expenses incurred under
            the terms of the agreement when certain conditions are fulfilled during the operation
            period of Jiaxing Partnership. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group
            had met certain conditions stipulated in the agreement under which corresponding
            government subsidies have been recognised as a reduction of interest expenses
            incurred. The Group treated the capital contribution by the local government funds
            together with interest payable as a long-term liability and measures corresponding
            interest payable on its best estimate. As at 30 June 2024, the carrying amount
            of this long-term liability together with the interest payable is RMB883,800,000
            (31 December 2023: RMB874,500,000), which will be due within one year as
            disclosed in “Other long-term liability due within one year”.

            *       The English names are for identification purposes only.




86   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024



21.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

      Share options

      The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “2005 Share Option Scheme”)
      pursuant to a resolution passed on 13 November 2005 for the primary purpose of
      providing incentives to directors and eligible employees, the term of the 2005 Share
      Option Scheme was 10 years. The 2005 Share Option Scheme has been terminated
      and replaced by a new share option scheme, which was approved in the annual
      general meeting held on 22 May 2012 and will be valid for 10 years from the date
      of its adoption (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). The 2012 Share Option Scheme
      has been expired in May 2022, and replaced by a new share option scheme, which
      was approved in the annual general meeting held on 31 May 2022 and will be valid
      for 10 years from the date of its adoption (the “2022 Share Option Scheme”).


      The Group has granted a series of share options in 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2014,
      2015, 2018, 2020 and 2024 under the 2005 Share Option Scheme, the 2012 Share
      Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme, respectively. For details, please
      refer to the relevant published announcements of the Company.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024         87
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            The table below discloses movement of the Company’s share options held by the
            grantees:


                                                                               Number of
                                                                             share options

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2023 (audited)                        38,503,400
              Granted during the period                                                  –
              Exercised during the period                                           (2,000)
              Forfeited during the period                                       (1,202,200)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                        37,299,200


                                                                               Number of
                                                                            share options

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)                        19,047,000
              Granted during the period                                         30,000,000
              Exercised during the period                                                –
              Forfeited during the period                                         (538,200)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                        48,508,800


            During the current interim period, the Group has granted 30,000,000 share options
            to certain directors and employees under the 2022 Share Option Scheme on 2 May
            2024, pursuant to which, 30% of the granted options can be exercised on or after
            5 May 2025, 30% of the granted options can be exercised on or after 5 May 2026
            and the remaining 40% of the granted options can be exercised on or after 5 May
            2027. The exercise price is HK$14.30 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023, no
            new share options were granted). The weighted average fair value of the options
            determined at the date of grant was HK$4.28.




88   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair values of share options:


                                                                        2 May 2024

 The weighted average fair value at the grant date                       HK$4.28
 Share price at the grant date                                          HK$14.30
 Exercise price at the grant date                                       HK$14.30
 Expected volatility                                                         48%
 Time to maturity                                                      5.66 years
 Expected dividend yield                                         From HK$0.73 to
                                                                         HK$1.50
 Risk-free interest rate                                                   3.71%


The Binomial model had been used to estimate the fair value of a series of share
options granted under the 2005 Share Option Scheme, the 2012 Share Option
Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme. The variables and assumptions used
in computing the fair value of the share options were based on the directors’ best
estimate. Changes in variables and assumptions may result in changes in the fair
value of the options.


During the current interim period, no options were exercised (the weighted average
closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the dates on which the
options were exercised was HK$24.15 for the six months ended 30 June 2023).


The Group recognised the total expenses of RMB10,430,000 for the current interim
period (RMB10,442,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023) in relation to share
options granted by the Company.




                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024         89
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            Restricted shares of the Company

            The Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Scheme”) on 28 July 2020, of
            which the purpose is to recognise the contributions by certain eligible participants
            (the “Scheme Participants”) and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
            them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
            suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


            Pursuant to the Scheme, the Board of Directors shall select the Scheme Participants
            and determine the number of shares to be awarded (the “Restricted Shares”). An
            independent trustee appointed by the Board (the “Trustee”) shall purchase from
            the market such number of issued ordinary shares to be awarded as specified by
            the Board.


            In September 2020, the Group has purchased 8,520,000 issued ordinary shares from
            the market through the trustee with, the consideration amounted to approximately
            HK$251,265,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB222,075,000). In March 2022,
            the Group has purchased additional 3,000,000 issued ordinary shares from the
            market through the trustee, the consideration for which amounted to approximately
            HK$57,944,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB46,731,000). These ordinary shares
            are held in trust for the relevant Scheme Participants until such shares are vested
            with the Scheme Participants in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.
            Pursuant to the Scheme, in any event, the aggregate number of Shares held by
            the trustee (whether directly or indirectly through other controlled corporations) as
            a whole would not exceed 2% of the issued share capital of the Company at any
            time (on an actual basis as well as on a fully diluted basis).


            On 29 March 2021, the Board resolved to approve the initial grant of 3,000,000
            Restricted Shares under the Scheme to the Scheme Participants at the grant price
            of zero per Restricted Share, and vest over a four-year period that each 50% of
            the awards vesting on the anniversary of the grant date in 36 and 48 months,
            respectively.


            The fair value of Restricted Shares with service conditions or performance
            conditions is based on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on
            the date of grant, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the
            shares were granted.


90   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



The table below discloses movement of the Company’s Restricted Shares activity:


                                                                         Number of
                                                                         Restricted
                                                                            Stocks

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2023 (audited)                                2,565,000
 Forfeited during the period                                                 (92,000)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                2,473,000


                                                                        Number of
                                                                         Restricted
                                                                            Stocks

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)                                2,258,000
 Forfeited during the period                                                 (45,000)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                2,213,000


The Group recognised the total expenses of RMB4,411,000 for the current interim
period (RMB6,271,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023) in relation to
restricted share units granted by the Company.


Restricted shares of United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD.

United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD. (“UATC”), a subsidiary of the Group
announced a share award scheme (the “UATC Scheme”) on 8 June 2022, of which
the purpose is to recognise the contributions by corresponding eligible participants
(the “UATC Scheme Participants”) and to provide them with incentives in order to
retain them for the continual operation and development of UATC.




                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024         91
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            Pursuant to the UATC Scheme, UATC shall issue new 1,500,000 ordinary shares
            with nominal value of New Taiwan Dollar 10. The Board of UATC Directors shall
            select the UATC Scheme Participants and determine the number of shares to
            be awarded (the “UATC Restricted Shares”). On 20 September 2022, the Board
            of UATC resolved to issue 1,500,000 new shares and approve the grant of
            corresponding shares to the UATC Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero
            per Restricted Share, and vest over a Three-year period that 30%, 30% and 40%
            of the awards vesting on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date,
            respectively.


            The fair value of Restricted Shares with service conditions or performance is based
            on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant,
            taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the shares were granted.


            The table below discloses movement of the UATC’s Restricted Shares activity:


                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                 Restricted
                                                                                    Stocks

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2023 (audited)                          1,406,000
              Granted during the period                                                   –
              Exercised during the period                                                  –
              Forfeited during the period                                             (1,180)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                          1,404,820


                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                  Restricted
                                                                                     Stocks

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)                          1,082,800
              Granted during the period                                                   –
              Exercised during the period                                                  –
              Forfeited during the period                                           (170,800)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                            912,000




92   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024



      UATC recognised the total expenses of RMB995,000 for the current interim period
      (RMB3,358,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2023) in relation to restricted
      share units granted.


22.   COMMITMENTS

      As at the end of current interim period, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment
      is shown below:


                                                       At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                             2024                  2023
                                                      (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

       Capital expenditure contracted for
         but not provided in the condensed
         consolidated financial statements in
         respect of:
         Acquisition of property, plant and
            equipment                                     504,509                  662,368




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024         93
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     23.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED
            TRANSACTIONS

            Save as disclosed elsewhere, the Group has the following significant transactions
            with related/connected parties during the period:

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
              Relationship with related/
              connected party                    Nature of transactions               2024          2023
                                                                                (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000
              Joint ventures, in which the Group Sales of raw materials               3,817        4,245
                 has a 30%, 40%, 50% and 51% Sales of finished goods                 17,779       15,775
                 equity interests                Sales of moulds                        139          201
                                                 Purchases of raw materials          19,763       59,993
                                                 Purchases of finished goods         90,279       37,202
                                                 Purchases of moulds                  2,141        5,279
                                                 Other operating expense                722          952
                                                 Property rentals income              3,806        3,780
                                                 Other operating income               4,652        4,319
                                                 Proceeds from disposal
                                                   of property, plant and
                                                   equipment                          1,295            7
                                                 Consulting services income           2,169        1,939

              Associates, in which the Group     Sales of finished goods                  3          487
                 has a 10%, 12.7%, 30%, 35%      Purchases of raw materials          28,500       14,218
                 and 40% equity interests        Purchases of moulds                    212            –
                                                 Property rentals income              1,309        1,308
                                                 Other operating income               6,995          340
                                                 Other operating expense                 74            –

              Companies in which Mr. Chin and    Sales of raw materials                  30            –
                his family have control          Sales of finished goods                328          415
                                                 Purchases of raw materials             505        2,199
                                                 Purchases of finished goods          1,761        3,741
                                                 Property rentals expenses            1,691        3,181
                                                 Consulting services income               –           15
                                                 Technology support services
                                                   charge                             3,053          827
                                                 Other operating income               1,206        2,460
                                                 Other operating expense              7,955        3,233
                                                 Purchases of property, plant
                                                   and equipment                       182             –
                                                 Proceeds from disposal
                                                   of property, plant and
                                                   equipment                           109             –



94   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024



The directors represented that they considered the above transactions were carried
out in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business and in accordance with
the term of agreements governing these transactions.


The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the
period were as follows:


                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                     2024                     2023
                                               (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

 Short-term benefits                                  2,877                    2,934
 Post-employment benefits                                24                       55
 Share-based payments                                   451                      632

                                                      3,352                    3,621


The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration
committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024         95
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     24.    PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS

            Pledge of assets

            The Group’s certain borrowings and bill payables had been secured by the pledge of
            the Group’s assets and the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:


                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                   2024                2023
                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

                Pledged bank deposits                            802,193             830,456
                Pledged debt instruments at FVTOCI               243,674             283,530
                Pledged property, plant and equipment             19,119              20,050
                Pledged right-of-use assets                        4,502               4,560

                                                               1,069,488           1,138,596


     25.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
            are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

            Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
            value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
            about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
            determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and input(s) used), as well as
            the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
            categorised (levels 2 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair
            value measurements is observable.


            •       Level 1 fair value measurements are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                    market for identical assets or liabilities;




96   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024



•             Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
              quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
              liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
              and


•             Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques
              that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
              market data (unobservable inputs).

    Financial assets/                                                           Fair value   Basis of fair value measurement/
    financial liabilities                            Fair value as at           hierarchy    valuation technique(s) and key input(s)
                                        30 June 2024         31 December 2023
                                        (unaudited)          (audited)
    1) Foreign exchange forward         Assets –            Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
         contracts                      RMB5,662,000        RMB18,393,000                    estimated based on forward exchange rates (from
                                        Liabilities –       Liabilities –                    observable forward exchange rates at the end
                                        RMB13,573,000       RMB1,706,000                     of the reporting period) and contracted forward
                                                                                             rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                             risk of various counterparties.

    2) Interest rate swaps contracts    Assets –            Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                        RMB2,623,000        RMB3,772,000                     estimated based on applicable yield curves
                                                                                             derived from quoted interest rates and contracted
                                                                                             interest rates on each maturity date and
                                                                                             contracted forward interest rate at the end of
                                                                                             the final maturity date, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                             reflects the credit risk of various counterparties.

    3) Cross-currency swap contracts    Liabilities –       Liabilities –       Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                        RMB10,911,000       RMB6,265,000                     estimated based on applicable yield curves
                                                                                             derived from quoted interest rates, contracted
                                                                                             interest rates on each maturity date and forward
                                                                                             exchange rate and contracted forward rate at
                                                                                             the end of the final maturity date, discounted
                                                                                             at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                             counterparties.

    4) Debt instruments at FVTOCI       Assets –            Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                        RMB522,138,000      RMB584,837,000                   estimated based on discount rate observed in the
                                                                                             available market.

    5) Foreign currency structural option Assets –          Liabilities –       Level 3      Fair value is derived using binomial tree
         contracts                        RMB2,499,000      RMB67,000                        computation method. The key parameters used
                                          Liabilities –                                      include forward exchange rates (from observable
                                          RMB2,664,000                                       forward exchange rate at the end of the reporting
                                                                                             period), contracted exchange rates, discount rate,
                                                                                             risk-free rate, time to maturity, and volatility.

    6) Financial assets at FVTPL        Assets –            Assets –            Level 3      Recent transaction price (2023:Calculated based
                                        RMB29,180,000       RMB29,578,000                    on pricing/yield such as price-to Sales (P/S) of
                                                                                             comparable companies with an adjustment of
                                                                                             discount for lack of marketability).




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024                       97
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
            and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated
            financial statements approximate their fair values.


            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement:


                                                             Assets                     Liabilities
                                                       Foreign                            Foreign
                                                      currency                           currency
                                                     structural     Financial           structural
                                                        option         assets              option
                                                     contracts      at FVTPL            contracts
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000

              Balance as at 1 January 2023
                 (audited)                                  358            28,269               (16)
              Fair value changes                              –                 –            (1,421)
              Settlements                                   (358)               –                16
              Exchange adjustments                             –            1,362                 –

              Balance as at 30 June 2023
                (unaudited)                                    –           29,631            (1,421)

              Balance as at 1 January 2024
                 (audited)                                     –           29,578              (67)
              Fair value changes                          2,499             5,819           (2,664)
              Settlements                                     –            (6,000)              67
              Exchange adjustments                            –              (217)               –

              Balance as at 30 June 2024
                (unaudited)                               2,499            29,180           (2,664)


            Of the total gains or losses for the period included in profit or loss, unrealised gain of
            RMB5,654,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: unrealised loss of RMB1,421,000)
            relates to foreign currency structural option contracts and financial assets at FVTPL
            held at the end of the current interim period. Fair value gains or losses on foreign
            currency structural option contracts and financial assets at FVTPL are included in
            ‘other gains and losses’.




98   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
