2025
 中期報告
               2025
               INTERIM REPORT




        2025
                                       CORE
                                      VALUES
                                                Integrity

                                                   Trust

                                              Teamwork

                                      Drive Transformation




                                        VISION
                                  Create beauty in motion
                                     with intelligence




                                     MISSION
                              To make automobiles lighter,
                                 smarter, and beautiful




This interim report is printed on environmental paper
CONTENTS
2         Corporate Information

4         Management Discussion and Analysis

50        Other Information

          Report on Review of Condensed
60
          Consolidated Financial Statements

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
62        Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
          Income

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
64
          Financial Position

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
66
          Changes in Equity

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
68
          Cash Flows

          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
70
          Financial Statements


*    Should there be any discrepancy between the English and
     Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    THE BOARD                                 GROUP HEADQUARTER

    Executive directors                       3/F, No. 19 Lane 146, Xinhu 2nd Road
                                              Neihu District, Taipei City
    Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and           Postal Code 114065
      Chief Executive Officer)                Website: www.minthgroup.com
    Ye Guo Qiang
    Zhang Yuxia                               REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS
    William Chin (appointed on 30 May 2025)
                                              Asia-Pacific
    Non-executive director                    No. 1 Yazhong Road, Nanhu District
                                              Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province
    Chin Chien Ya                             Postal Code 314006
                                              China
    Independent non-executive directors       Tel: (86 573) 8368–6700


    Mok Kwai Pui Bill                         North America
    Tatsunobu Sako                            51331 Pontiac Trail, Wixom
    Meng Li Qiu                               Michigan, 48393, USA
    Chan Pak Hung (appointed on
      30 May 2025)                            Europe
    Hu Ting Wu (appointed on 30 May 2025)     Carl-von-Linde-Str. 38, 85716
    Wang Ching (retired on 30 May 2025)       Unterschleißheim, Germany


    COMPANY SECRETARY                         OFFICE IN HONG KONG

    Yi Lei Li                                 7/F., K11 Atelier, Victoria Dockside
                                              No. 18 Salisbury Road
    REGISTERED OFFICE                         Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong

    Cricket Square
    Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681
    Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Cayman Islands




2   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL BANKERS                    AUDITOR

Bank of China                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Ningbo Development Zone sub-branch   Certified Public Accountants
21 Donghai Road                      35/F, One Pacific Place
Ningbo Economic and Technological    88 Queensway
  Development Zone                   Hong Kong
China
                                     LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE
Citibank N.A.                        COMPANY
Hong Kong Branch
44/F Citibank Tower                  As to Hong Kong Law
No. 3 Garden Road                    Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
Central, Hong Kong                   17/F, One Island East
                                     Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                     As to PRC Law
Suntera (Cayman) Limited             Zhejiang T&C Law Firm
Suite 3204, Unit 2A                  11/F Block A Dragon Century Square
Block 3, Building D                  1 Hangda Road
P.O. Box 1586                        Hangzhou
Gardenia Court                       China
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100               As to Cayman Islands Law
Cayman Islands                       Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                     Century Yard, Cricket Square
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE               Hutchins Drive, George Town
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER               Grand Cayman, British West Indies
OFFICE
                                     STOCK CODE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor
  Services Limited                   SEHK Code: 0425
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai, Hong Kong


                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

    During the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “Review Period”), the Chinese automobile
    market continued its positive trajectory. Driven by sustained policy incentives such as the
    “trade-in” and “new energy vehicle (“NEV”) rural promotion”, coupled with intensified
    new model launches and promotional efforts by various OEMs, market demand in China
    improved significantly, providing robust support for the overall growth of the automobile
    industry, with both production and sales of automobiles achieving double-digit growth.
    During the Review Period, according to China Association of Automobile Manufacturers
    (“CAAM”), China’s production and sales of passenger vehicles reached approximately
    13,522,000 units and approximately 13,531,000 units respectively, representing a
    year-on-year increase of approximately 13.8% and approximately 13.0%. During the
    Review Period, China’s NEV sector maintained its rapid growth momentum, and its market
    penetration rose steadily, continuing to lead the industry’s transformation and upgrading.
    According to CAAM, NEV sales during the Review Period reached approximately 6,937,000
    units, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.3%, and accounting for approximately
    44.3% of the sales of new vehicles. According to CAAM, during the Review Period,
    Chinese OEMs, leveraging their leading edge in the electric vehicle segment, further
    increased their market share to 68.5%, up by 6.6 percentage points year-on-year. Among
    joint venture OEMs, German, Japanese and American OEMs held market shares of 13.1%,
    9.6% and 5.9% respectively, declining by 2.9, 2.4 and 1.2 percentage points year-on-year
    respectively. Korean OEMs maintained a 1.7% market share, which was flattish when
    compared with that in the same period of the previous year. During the Review Period,
    China’s automobile exports sustained their growth momentum, with particularly strong
    export of NEVs.


    During the Review Period, the global light vehicle market posted steady growth, primarily
    underpinned by China, North America and certain emerging markets. According to the
    statistics of GlobalData, global light vehicle sales totaled approximately 44,474,000
    units, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.9%. During the Review Period, among
    key mature markets, the United States (the “US”) saw pull-forward demand under the
    influence of tariff policy, and the sales of light vehicles reached approximately 8,109,000
    units, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%. Western European market remained
    sluggish, with sales of approximately 6,067,000 units, down by 1.3% year-on-year.
    Japanese market witnessed strong performance, with sales of approximately 2,345,000
    units, rising by 10.2% year-on-year. During the Review Period, among key emerging



4   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


markets, Brazil and India recorded a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.5% and
approximately 1.6% respectively, while Thailand and Mexico saw declines of approximately
1.7% and approximately 0.2% year-on-year respectively.


COMPANY OVERVIEW

Minth Group Limited (the “Company”) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”) is primarily engaged in two major businesses, namely the research and
development (“R&D”), production and sales of auto parts, as well as that of toolings and
moulds. The auto part business of the Group mainly includes metal and trim products,
plastic products, aluminium products and battery housing products. The tooling and
mould business mainly includes various moulds, gauges and fixtures for the development,
processing and production of automobile exterior decorative parts and body structural
parts. As a globalized supplier, the Group has established worldwide presence through the
development of R&D, design, production and sales networks in China, the US, Mexico,
Germany, the United Kingdom, Serbia, the Czech Republic, Thailand, Japan, South Korea,
France and Poland. Together with the new base in Canada that is under construction,
the Group is committed to continuously providing customers with quality services and
products.


During the Review Period, the four product business units (“BUs”) of the Group, namely
plastic products, aluminium products, metal and trim products, and battery housing
products, continued to maintain effective collaboration with cross-functional departments
and optimise order acceptance mechanism to further improve operational efficiency. The
Group continues to deepen its flexible production network of “hub + satellite” factories
in its global operating regions. By implementing the GLOCAL (global + local) business
philosophy, it continues to build a parallel operating mechanism of global resource
allocation and regional independent operations, achieving a dual improvement in global
vision and localised market penetration. During the Review Period, the Group further
integrated its multinational operational experience with localized practices and continued to
optimise its regional supply chain system. This not only consolidated its global operational
advantages, but also formed unique competition barriers in terms of strategic layout,
technological innovation, product matrix, resource coordination and talent team building.
During the Review Period, the Group continued to establish a systematic management
process for its assets throughout the life cycle, thereby achieving a production capacity
layout that is most in line with Minth’s global operations. The Group moderately expanded
production capacity in accordance with global trade policy changes and the actual needs


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025     5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    of its business development, while exercising stringent control over the rationality and
    effectiveness of related investments. This will reduce unnecessary investment and
    continuously improve capital efficiency. In light of the past new business intakes and
    potential new orders demand in the future, the Group plans to increase capital expenditure
    in North America, Europe and Southeast Asia in an orderly manner, aiming at accelerating
    the business growth in these markets as well as further improving the Group’s GLOCAL
    presence. The source of funding for such investment is expected to be mainly from
    operating cash inflow of the Group.


    During the Review Period, the Group continued to deepen the implementation of Minth
    Operation Excellence System (敏實卓越運營系統), advance lean management upgrade
    across the entire value chain, and implement multi-dimensional cost-reduction and
    efficiency-enhancement initiatives, cementing its industry-leading cost competitiveness,
    resulting in steady improvement in profitability. Meanwhile, the Group continued to boost
    the overall competitiveness of its products through enhancing processes, manufacturing
    technologies and production models, and strived for a thorough penetration of these
    products at customers’ end. Through frequent exchange and interaction with its customers,
    the Group remained committed to the provision of optimal and systematic solutions to
    customers’ internal combustion engine (“ICE”) vehicle models and NEV models by
    perceiving customer demands in relation to product, technology and material innovation.
    During the Review Period, the Group continued to focus on the business development
    of Chinese OEMs and NEV start-ups, while playing an active role in supporting Chinese
    OEMs’ overseas expansion strategy with its GLOCAL business philosophy and global
    layout advantages. During the Review Period, the Group strived to seize new business
    from international OEMs in the global market and secured multiple orders in different
    regions. Leveraging its diversified customer base, continuously innovative process
    technology platform, and expanding modular product offerings, the Group further enhanced
    the added value of its products. During the Review Period, revenue from the Group’s
    battery housing BU continued to maintain rapid growth, while the traditional exterior
    decorative part products also achieved steady growth. This, coupled with the business
    expansion of sealing systems in new markets and the cultivation of products under
    emerging sectors such as low-altitude aircraft and humanoid robots, will all serve as the
    driving force of the Group’s sustainable development in the medium to long term.




6   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group continued to promote digital transformation and is ever-closer to digital
operation and decision-making. Through the in-depth application of multiple digital systems,
the Group has carried out the design and development of digitalization products covering
the entire life cycle in relation to production, fixed assets and R&D data. This has laid a
solid foundation for enhancing the digital management of its entire operation process and
improving the efficiency of its corporate operations comprehensively. During the Review
Period, the Group further forged ahead the unified deployment of SAP system across
its factories around the globe, achieving standardisation and visualisation of operational
data. The Group also enhanced the industrial IoT platform to establish a closed-loop
data flow across the entire production chain, while prioritising the development of digital
model factories to deepen the application of AI technologies and transparent dashboard
management, thereby improving real-time decision-making efficiency. In the meantime,
the Group also focused on fostering a digital mindset across its workforce. Through
specialised talent development programmes and partner empowerment initiatives, the
Group targets at building a collaborative and innovative digital culture. This systematic
transformation is designed to provide intelligent support for the Group’s global operations,
thereby effectively facilitating the Group’s agile operations and continuously consolidating
its industry-leading position.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to build on its environment, safety
and occupational health (“EHS”) system with the goal of “Green Manufacturing with
Intelligence and Sustainable Development” to continuously deepen its environment,
safety and occupational health management, fulfil corporate social responsibilities, and
progressively promote and create an excellent Minth EHS management system.


During the Review Period, the Group carried out internal audits, management reviews,
external surveillance audits and certification for the ISO45001 Occupational Health and
Safety Management, ISO14001 Environmental Management and ISO50001 Energy
Management System. The Group has now achieved a 100% certification coverage rate
for the ISO45001 and ISO14001 Systems, with 38 factories having been certified under
the ISO50001 System. The Group has established energy management functions, annual
performance targets, energy-saving management technical solutions and daily review
systems at factory, BU and group levels. During the Review Period, all targets set by the
Group on energy conservation and carbon reduction have been achieved.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    During the Review Period, the Group continued to consolidate and optimise its digital EHS
    management and carbon emission management, and realised bilingual implementation.
    With the eight modules launched and in continued operation on the Group’s digital EHS
    system, namely the workplace accident management system, construction management
    system, EHS red line management system, EHS hidden-danger management system,
    EHS outstanding case library system, carbon emission management system, EHS honours
    and awards system and STOP management system (safety training observation program
    management system), the Group has comprehensively improved its EHS management
    efficiency, EHS risk prevention capability and emergency handling capability in its global
    factories. In particular, the carbon emission management system has incorporated
    6 core functions: green supply chain management, carbon emission management,
    energy-saving project management, carbon footprint management, large-scale production
    line management and decision-making resources, in a bid to facilitate the Group to achieve
    its goals of carbon peaking by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050.


    During the Review Period, the Group constantly introduced advanced technologies for
    wastewater, emissions and hazardous waste treatment to effectively reduce pollutant
    discharge and emission; increased investment in waste recycling facilities so as to reduce
    procurement of raw materials and supplies as well as operating costs; enhanced operation
    management of emission treatment facilities to ensure that the pollutant discharge of
    the Group is up to standards. The Group has been progressively phasing out outdated
    wastewater treatment equipment while introducing advanced intelligent treatment
    systems, actively promoting the application of wastewater treatment and recycling
    technologies. On the other hand, the Group continued to increase the recycle volume
    of end-process wastes while ensuring compliance with both customer specifications and
    product quality standards.


    During the Review Period, the Group continued to strengthen its safety management
    across all BUs on a uniform basis with a focus on on-site operations, and updated and
    refined its EHS red lines in line with the changes in relevant regulations. Based on the
    “ten major red lines” and the “EHS Comprehensive Management Evaluation Criteria”,
    and centering around “list management & process control”, the Group adopted the
    EHS management principle of “clear communication, precise implementation, closed
    loop management and complete evidence chain” to enhance the safety awareness
    of employees and reinforce the management’s awareness of risk identification, which
    will ensure operational safety at the factory level. The Group’s EHS team continued to
    conduct EHS comprehensive management evaluation internal audits against each factory


8   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


in Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America regions, commenced corporate compliance
and overall EHS performance evaluation from 45 red-line and ten major comprehensive
management evaluation dimensions, identified and reduced key risks, and comprehensively
enhanced its capability in management and control of EHS risks, which facilitated the
Group to reduce the occurrence of property damage and personnel injury accidents and
enhanced its EHS performance, so as to ensure its safe and health conducive operation.
During the Review Period, work-related injury or accident rate per million working hours of
the Group was 1.03. The Group has always attached great importance to the development
and management of occupational health by optimising management mechanisms for
jobs exposed to occupational hazards, improving the working environment for staff,
and ensuring comprehensive implementation of the occupational health check systems
to safeguard the general health and well-being of the employees, thereby putting into
practice its principle in ensuring holistic health for all its employees. During the Review
Period, based on its occupational disease hazard control effectiveness evaluations and
occupational disease hazard factor monitoring reports, the Group updated and optimised
its occupational disease hazard factor communication materials, which would ensure the
materials to remain dynamically aligned with actual occupational disease hazard factors
at the workplace, thereby enhancing the protection of employees’ occupational health
and safety.


During the Review Period, in strict compliance with the “Minth Group Internal Control and
Risk Management System” and the “Minth Group Internal Control and Risk Management
Guidelines” and with thorough consideration over information from external policy
environment and internal management requirements, the Group optimised its intelligent
risk management platform and implemented systematic upgrade of its risk assessment
mechanism. All of its business units and functional departments had conducted regular
risk assessments, promptly updated their risk database, and developed differentiated
risk response plans, thereby realising seamless integration of risk management into daily
operations, and ensuring effective risk visualisation and real-time dynamic monitoring. In
alignment with its development strategies, the Group continued to strengthen the building
of its internal control and risk management system by the design of an organisational
structure with clearly defined responsibilities and a digitized, restructured workflow, to
establish a business process-based internal control system that significantly improves
operational efficiency and risk resilience. Leveraging its global strategic deployment,
the Group has rolled out comprehensive audits across the three major regions of
Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America to effectively manage cross-border operational
risks while enhancing both operational efficiency and business quality. In compliance


                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     with the Group’s management requirements, all entities have strictly implemented the
     ISO37001 Anti-Bribery Management System to ensure effective anti-bribery management.
     During the Review Period, the Group completed updating the “Minth Group Internal
     Audit Management System” and the “Minth Group Audit Qualitative and Accountability
     Procedures”, whilst also further optimising its whistleblowing response mechanism and
     expanding the internal/external information collecting channels per the “Minth Group
     Code of Business Conduct and Ethics”, thereby reinforcing the establishment of a fair
     and transparent business environment. Through the above measures, the Group adhered
     to the business philosophy of advocating integrity and continued to pursue innovative
     risk management measures. By introducing dynamic optimisation of audit oversight
     and internal control system, the Group maintained operational risks within acceptable
     thresholds, safeguarding and promoting its sustainable and steady development.


     BUSINESS AND OPERATION LAYOUT

     During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB12,286,969,000,
     representing an increase of approximately 10.8% compared with approximately
     RMB11,090,414,000 in the same period in 2024. Its overall business performance
     had remained solid. In particular, the Group’s revenue from China was approximately
     RMB4,306,273,000, representing a decrease of approximately 4.9% compared with
     approximately RMB4,525,885,000 in the same period in 2024, which was primarily
     attributable to the shrinking market share of joint venture OEMs in the Chinese market.
     The Group’s international business delivered strong results with revenue of approximately
     RMB7,980,696,000, representing an increase of approximately 21.6% compared with
     approximately RMB6,564,529,000 in the same period in 2024, which was primarily
     attributable to the rapid growth in battery housing and structural parts business in Europe
     and the steady contribution from traditional exterior decorative products in the international
     market.

     During the Review Period, the Group steadily proceeded with its new business intake.
     As performance of OEMs varies in different markets, the Group also adjusts its business
     strategies in a timely manner to ensure its business remains balanced and stable. During
     the Review Period, the Group made significant breakthroughs in battery housing as well
     as body and chassis structural parts business. The Group further secured structural parts
     business from Toyota Europe subsequent to securing battery housings business from
     Toyota Japan in 2024. It also secured chassis structural parts orders from several Chinese
     OEM customers such as Great Wall Motor and Geely during the Review Period. The Group


10   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


successfully entered the battery housings supply chain of Chery while also securing orders
again for battery housings from BYD, thereby further expanding cooperation with both
customers. Notably, it secured battery housing structural parts business from General
Motors for the first time by winning General Motors’ battery module housing orders, while
continuing to increase its presence in the battery housing business for both Stellantis and
Volkswagen. Significant progress had also been made in the Group’s intelligent interior
and exterior product business during the Review Period. It secured bumper assembly
business from Ford in North America and Renault for the first time, alongside obtaining
multiple orders for intelligent interior and exterior products from customers such as
Toyota, Hyundai-Kia, Changan and General Motors. During the Review Period, the Group
continued to strengthen its intake of new business for its traditional products among the
customers including Chinese OEMs and NEV start-ups, securing orders for various vehicle
model products from customers including BYD, Chery, Li Auto, Geely, GAC Group and
Great Wall Motor, while consistently expanding its market share in sealing systems. Such
diversified product portfolio and increasingly balanced customer mix would provide a solid
foundation for the Group’s sustainable and long-term growth.


During the Review Period, the Group continued to implement the GLOCAL philosophy
in its operational practices by further enhancing its global operational capabilities through
global resource coordination and local market cultivation. During the Review Period,
ongoing effort in global resources integration and cross-regional talent delegation and
development from the Group had helped facilitate the rapid replication of best practices,
while its cross-functional teams comprising core talents from various disciplines were
also mobilised to address emergent requirements with agility. With the rapid growth of
international revenue, the Group made strategical and continuous improvements to the
production capacity layout and localisation rate in North America and Europe, and a majority
of the orders for these regions had been locally produced during the Review Period. This
has helped keep the impact and uncertainties caused by tariffs and geopolitical factors
within manageable limits. The Group continued to enhance the management skills of its
factories globally, built benchmark factories and promoted their management models,
and employed the experience from the benchmark factories in terms of operation,
technology and innovation to empower its global operations. During the Review Period,
the Group’s global factories made comprehensive use of the advantageous resources of
various locations to pursue local excellence, prioritizing to improve the process planning,
production efficiency, product yield, and capacity utilisation rate for products with more
complex processes, so as to achieve a comprehensive improvement in technology, quality,
and processes.


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025     11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the Group further optimised its organisational structure by
     integrating certain R&D and business functions into respective BU, achieving enhanced
     coordination among efficient order acquisition, product design and mass production.
     During the Review Period, the Group continued to improve operational efficiency of its
     factories across the globe. Through systematic optimisation and technological innovation,
     it attained significant enhancements in both production efficiency and quality management.
     Regarding cost-reduction and efficiency-enhancement initiatives, the Group successively
     implemented the “on-site cost saving” programme across multiple factories located in,
     amongst others, Huaian, Jiaxing, Huzhou, Guangzhou and Qingyuan in China, as well as
     Serbia. Through its various efforts including but not limited to scrap material recycling,
     process efficiency improvements, reasonable increases in automation, and production
     line benchmarking for efficiency enhancement, the Group delivered steady growth
     in per capita output. Regarding quality management, the Group achieved consistent
     product quality improvements, with particularly notable improvements in the results of
     international factories, through targeted enhancement projects for high-defect processes
     and stringent controls over core processes. Meanwhile, the Group further reinforced its
     culture of continuous improvement through adopting digitized operational monitoring and
     encouraging all employees to put forward improvement proposals, thereby pursuing ever
     more efficient corporate operations.


     During the Review Period, the Group continued to implement its asset-light strategy
     with stringent control over its capital expenditures. It rigorously assessed the rationality
     and necessity of new capacity investments, while also reducing dedicated production
     lines, enhancing production line flexibility and implementing global production capacity
     allocation. These measures improved capacity utilisation and, as a result, reduced
     overall investments. Meanwhile, the Group reduced its investment requirements through
     technological transformation and further minimised its investment by studying the
     feasibility of purchasing second-hand equipment for certain necessary investments. Given
     the volatility of the global economy and business environment, the Group has swiftly
     adjusted its investment pace in pursuit of enhanced investment efficiency and steady
     growth in operating results. These practices have not only reduced capital expenditure
     during the Review Period, but also advanced the full life cycle management of the Group’s
     assets to support long-term lean operations.




12   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The global macro environment and the development of the automobile industry are
undergoing constant changes. During the Review Period, tariff imposition on various
countries around the world by the US government and its frequent policy changes have
had a profound impact on the global trade landscape. On one hand, tariff barriers have
raised the cost of imported goods, and weakened their price competitiveness, resulting in
an unstable supply chain. In this regard, the US government has implemented intervention
measures including subsidies and other means of adjustment in order to mitigate the
overall impact on the US local consumer market. On the other hand, trade frictions have
escalated market uncertainties, urging companies to adjust their global layout, driving up
both operational and compliance costs. Despite this challenge, the Group has leveraged
its relatively well-established global presence to further optimise its localised operations
and continued to increase the proportion of local supply. During the Review Period, the
Group achieved localised production for most of its orders in North America. At the same
time, the Group maintained real-time communication with customers on issues such as
tariff impacts and continued to develop optimal risk response strategies. In addition, the
Group has always been committed to business and market diversification, with balanced
development in China, Europe, North America, Asia-Pacific and other regions. This
approach ensures that the impact and uncertainty caused by tariffs and geopolitical factors
are kept within manageable limits, and enables the Group to maintain competitiveness
amid the complex trading environment. During the Review Period, the Group achieved
solid growth in its results despite various uncertainties. The Group has always been
committed to creating stable returns for its shareholders and other stakeholders, building a
sustainable development path, and at the same time striving to minimise operational risks.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

R&D and innovation are important pillars to corporate development and the Group attaches
great importance to R&D planning. The Group had actively responded to the changes and
developments in the automobile industry by laying down an innovation-driven strategy,
optimising the structure of R&D organisations, strengthening the self-initiated R&D and
innovative research capability in respect of basic materials, products and technologies,
and continuing its investments in R&D. Through in-depth exchange with customers such
as traditional OEMs, NEV start-ups and battery makers, the Group strived to deeply
understand the differences in product and technology requirements of various customers
and the development trend; and through proactive self-innovation and cooperation with
leading enterprises globally, to promote technical breakthrough of processing technology.
The Group prospectively improved the R&D capability and management efficiency as a


                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     whole to further solidify its presence in core components for NEVs and ICE vehicles
     and to promote the integration of intelligent products and exterior decorative parts, thus
     consolidating its position as a core strategic partner to OEM customers. The Group will
     continue to engage in innovative R&D and deployment, devote itself to the business
     development of products including battery housings, body and chassis structural parts
     and intelligent integrated exterior decorative parts, and contribute to the evolution of
     the automobile industry towards low carbon and intelligence. The Group has achieved
     tremendous milestones in these fields, which lays a solid foundation for the Group’s
     future sustainable development.


     During the Review Period, the Group continued to win nominations from traditional OEMs,
     NEV start-ups and battery makers, further consolidating the Group’s leading position
     as one of the largest battery housing suppliers in the world. The Group continued the
     initiative of advancing research and innovation for battery housing technology. In light of
     the requirements for vehicle body structure, battery cell adaptability and battery safety
     protection, the Group could offer multi-material and lightweight product solutions that meet
     the standards for “cell-to-body” (CTB) and the latest safety requirements for EV batteries,
     providing innovative solutions to customers on a continuous basis. Based on its customer
     advantage in battery housings and in-depth cooperation with battery manufacturers, the
     Group made significant breakthroughs in roll-forming and high-frequency welding as well
     as aluminium extrusion processes for battery cell housings. Building on its success in
     securing Chinese customers for battery cell structural parts, the Group has been focusing
     on expanding into overseas markets, which is gradually becoming another growth driver.
     The Group has been proactively tapping into complementary parts of battery housing
     and successfully developed products such as front and rear crash management systems,
     subframes, die casting structural parts and electronic control cases, which has started
     to see order inflows. This should facilitate the Group to achieve integration of battery
     housings and body and chassis structure progressively, while also promoting a significant
     increase in the Group’s content value per vehicle.

     As for intelligent interior and exterior decorative products, the Group focused on the
     product R&D and expansion of intelligent front and rear modules, intelligent door and
     intelligent interior decorative product system to fully realise intelligent upgrade for interior
     and exterior decorative products. The Group has prospectively carried out R&D and
     planning for solutions of integrated intelligent front modules, which combine functions
     such as illumination, heating, wave transparency and automatic cleaning, and multiple
     industry-leading patents have already been authorised for those products and could


14   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


be used for level 4 and above autonomous driving. The Group experienced increasing
market penetration for its front and rear modules, successfully secured multiple bumper
assembly projects from European and American OEMs, and successfully achieved a
breakthrough in full-width light bar project from a well-known Chinese OEM. The Group
has also actively deployed in the field of intelligent door systems, including application
scenarios such as intelligent access and automatic opening, by which the doors are able
to open automatically through contactless and biometric identification of car owner, and
the Group’s proprietary technologies, such as intelligent pillar cover with face recognition
function, electric side door system and ultralight door assemblies, have started to see
order inflows. The Group attaches great importance to customers’ needs in forward-looking
technology and has signed cooperation agreements with European and Korean OEMs to
jointly develop future-oriented intelligent door solutions. The Group has made significant
breakthroughs in the field of composite material application and body weight reduction
in respect of door systems, the product solution of which, backed by the Group’s unique
VarinTech® technology, has been recognised by multiple customers in the NEV industry,
and preliminary R&D projects have been gradually carried out to accelerate the commercial
application and promotion of composite materials in the automobile industry. The Group
has also been actively expanding its intelligent interior decorative product system, with
a focus on the R&D of high value-added interior decorative assembly products. Being
committed in pioneering the intelligent surface technology, the Group has secured a
number of interior decorative product projects, including an intelligent dashboard for a
European OEM.


The Group is also actively exploring new sectors and products to develop a second
growth curve. The Group focuses on the R&D and expansion of emerging fields including
AI, robotics, low-altitude economy and intelligent mobility. In consideration of the
developments in autonomous driving and future charging technology, the Group has been
proactively cultivating EV wireless charging systems, and signing a strategic partnership
framework agreement with Siemens of Germany to jointly carry out wireless charging
projects. In light of market and policy trends, the Group has been actively attracting
talents in the intelligent robotics and low-altitude economy fields, and effectively leveraging
the advantages of lean manufacturing from the automobile industry to be well-prepared
for large-scale commercialisation in these areas in the future. In the intelligent robotics
field, the Group focuses on the independent R&D of integrated joint modules, robotic
electronic skin, intelligent masks, wireless charging system and limb structural parts
for robots. It has established strong partnerships with leading robotics customers in
China and completed small batch delivery of samples to multiple customers during the


                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025      15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Review Period. The Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with AgiBot
     for in-depth collaboration on intelligent exteriors, wireless charging, joint assemblies and
     flexible intelligent manufacturing solutions in the field of humanoid robots. The Group
     attaches great importance to the commercialisation of humanoid robots, and has actively
     carried out secondary development and data collection projects for industrial scenarios in
     collaboration with robotics customers. This has gradually resulted in the establishment of
     an in-house pilot production line with the use of humanoid robots in operational workflows,
     driving continuous advancements in the industry. In the low altitude economy field, the
     Group focuses on the planning, R&D and production of two major product systems,
     namely the airframe and rotor system of low altitude aircraft. The Group, together
     with multiple leading Chinese players of flying vehicle/eVTOL (electric Vertical Take-off
     and Landing), has initiated in-depth cooperation. On 21 July 2025, the Group entered
     into a strategic cooperation agreement with EHang, a global leader in eVTOL. Through
     in-depth participation in concurrent design and airworthiness certification of its models,
     the Group have already secured mass production orders. Meanwhile, driven by the rapid
     advancement of artificial intelligence, the Group is also prioritizing the development and
     implementation of AI liquid cooling system-related products.


     The Group also attaches great importance to technological R&D of new materials and
     has continuously increased its R&D investment in materials, mastering the technologies
     of four core materials, namely high-performance collision aluminium, high performance
     elastomer materials, functional plastics and green materials, as well as the related surface
     treatment technologies. In particular, the Group has developed the Minal®-S748 aluminium
     alloy with 500Mpa ultra-high yield strength and excellent collision resistance, which has
     successfully passed the vehicle crash performance test and reached advanced level in
     the global market. As of 30 June 2025, the Group has over 60 core patents in terms of
     material formula and processing technology in relation to aluminium alloy, which have
     been widely applied in the battery housings and body and chassis structural parts of
     OEMs such as BMW, Benz and Volkswagen, demonstrating the Group’s comprehensive
     technological capability in both product and material, as well as its role as a leading
     player in Asia-Pacific or even the global market. Meanwhile, in response to the carbon
     neutrality targets in various markets in the world, the Group developed its proprietary
     ECO-ALUMIN® S series, a type of environment-friendly collision aluminium, with a carbon
     emission of less than 2.5Kg.CO2/Kg.AL. In the meantime, the Group values the R&D and
     innovation of polymer materials and has completed the development of various green and
     low carbon materials, including but not limited to EcoSupElast® green elastomer materials,
     EcoOleCom® green plastics and bio-based materials, which have obtained technological


16   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


certification from a number of NEV OEMs and have been successfully put into mass
production and application. These materials could reduce carbon emission by over 36%
comprehensively, contributing to the Group’s realisation of its carbon neutrality goal.


The Group puts strong emphasis on the protection of intellectual property rights. It
has initiated a comprehensive deployment in patents and trademarks for innovative
products, and is focused on the protection and operation of intellectual property rights.
During the Review Period, the Group filed 72 new patent applications and registered 5
new trademarks. The Group promotes the application and industrialisation of intellectual
property rights with 242 patents being licensed, and jointly established a NEV patent pool,
focusing on cutting-edge areas such as lightweighting, impact resistance, and intelligent
front modules. During the Review Period, the Group was granted 135 new patents by
competent authorities and 5 trademark registrations. The Group actively protects its
intellectual property rights and carries out risk prevention management. It has conducted
dozens of analyses in respect of patent right defences and infringement prevention to
firmly safeguard its intellectual property rights and interest.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Results

During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB12,286,969,000,
representing an increase of approximately 10.8% from approximately RMB11,090,414,000
in the same period in 2024. During the Review Period, with the gradual mass production
of undertaken projects and the steady increase in the sales of NEVs, the Group’s
battery-housing business continued to grow rapidly. Meanwhile, the Group’s excellent
performance in the sales of major vehicle models in the international market, coupled with
the continuous balance and optimisation of customer mix, enabled the Group to achieve
considerable revenue growth.

During the Review Period, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was
approximately RMB1,276,562,000, representing an increase of approximately 19.5% from
approximately RMB1,068,192,000 in the same period in 2024. This was mainly due to
the favorable increase in gross profit compared to the same period in 2024, which was
attributable to factors such as the economies of scale driven by the revenue growth of the
Group, the continuous improvement in the capacity utilisation rate of the battery-housing



                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     product line and the promotion of measures to reduce cost and boost efficiency for
     each product line during the Review Period, coupled with the Group’s ongoing strict cost
     control, which further improved the Group’s quality of earnings.


     SEGMENT REVENUE

     An analysis on revenue by types of goods or services delivered or provided is as follows:


                                       Six months ended             Six months ended
      Segment category                   30 June 2025                 30 June 2024
                                      RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %

      Battery-housing                 3,581,923           29.2     2,390,969           21.6
      Plastic                         2,867,481           23.3     2,842,566           25.6
      Metal & Trim                    2,660,040           21.6     2,541,801           22.9
      Aluminum                        2,469,038           20.1     2,372,380           21.4
      Others                          1,669,679           13.6     1,515,748           13.7
      Elimination                      (961,192)          (7.8)     (573,050)          (5.2)

      Total revenue                 12,286,969           100.0    11,090,414          100.0


     A breakdown on revenue by ultimate geographical delivery destinations of the customers
     is as follows:


                                       Six months ended             Six months ended
      Market category                    30 June 2025                 30 June 2024
                                      RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %

      The People’s Republic of
        China                         4,306,273           35.0     4,525,885           40.8
      Other countries                 7,980,696           65.0     6,564,529           59.2

      Total revenue                 12,286,969           100.0    11,090,414          100.0




18   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross Profit

During the Review Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB3,473,060,000,
representing an increase of approximately 9.9% from approximately RMB3,161,637,000 in
the same period in 2024. The gross profit margin for the Review Period was approximately
28.3%, representing a decrease of approximately 0.2% from approximately 28.5% in the
same period in 2024. During the Review Period, the Group benefitted from improvements
in economies of scale driven by revenue growth, proactive reductions in procurement
cost, and ongoing efforts in its global deployment of localised production. In parallel, the
continuous adoption of measures such as lean production and technological upgrades
enhanced both production efficiency and yield, allowing the Group to maintain the overall
gross profit margin at a relatively favorable level.


Investment Income

During the Review Period, the investment income of the Group was approximately
RMB107,686,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB82,962,000 from
approximately RMB190,648,000 in the same period in 2024. It was mainly due to a
decrease in the interest income of the Group.


Other Income

During the Review Period, the other income of the Group amounted to approximately
RMB125,212,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB81,289,000 from
approximately RMB206,501,000 in the same period in 2024. It was mainly attributable to
a decrease in government grants related to income.


Other Gains and Losses

During the Review Period, the Group’s other gains and losses amounted to a net gain of
approximately RMB94,231,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB94,211,000
compared to a net gain of approximately RMB20,000 in the same period in 2024. It was
mainly due to the increase in net realised gains from derivative financial instruments.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Distribution and Selling Expenses

     During the Review Period, the Group’s distribution and selling expenses were approximately
     RMB512,241,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB18,877,000 from
     approximately RMB531,118,000 in the same period in 2024. It accounted for approximately
     4.2% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease of approximately 0.6% from
     approximately 4.8% in the same period in 2024. It was primarily driven by a decline in
     unit transportation costs, stemming from the easing of the impact of the Red Sea Crisis
     during the Review Period. Coupled with the Group’s ongoing localization of production
     strategy and effective cost control measures, these factors collectively resulted in a
     significant reduction in transportation expenses.


     Administrative Expenses

     During the Review Period, the administrative expenses of the Group amounted to
     approximately RMB804,519,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB62,018,000
     from approximately RMB742,501,000 in the same period in 2024. It accounted for
     approximately 6.5% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease of approximately
     0.2% from approximately 6.7% in the same period in 2024. The increase of the Group’s
     administrative expenses was mainly due to the fact that during the Review Period, as
     the Group’s global operations continued to expand, it took timely action to recruit and
     develop the necessary talent to support its international management needs, together with
     an increase in share option expenses. Meanwhile, the Group’s ongoing optimisation of its
     organisational structure and implementation of stringent cost control measures resulted
     in a decrease in the proportion of the Group’s administrative expenses to its revenue.


     Research Expenditures

     During the Review Period, the research expenditures of the Group amounted to
     approximately RMB726,299,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB11,691,000
     from approximately RMB714,608,000 in the same period in 2024. It accounted for
     approximately 5.9% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease of approximately
     0.5% from approximately 6.4% in the same period in 2024. During the Review Period, as
     mass production of battery-housings and body and chassis structural parts began to yield
     results, the Group proactively responded to the transformation and development of the
     automobile industry by deepening its R&D strategy transition and optimising R&D resource
     allocation. The Group also carried out thorough reviews and forward-looking assessments


20   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


of its ongoing research projects, with a particular emphasis on achieving significant
breakthroughs in high-potential innovation areas, including new materials technologies,
intelligent integrated exterior components, low-altitude aerial vehicles, intelligent robotics
and so on. In parallel, the Group continued to strengthen strategic cooperations with
leading enterprises, in order to drive long-term and sustainable growth through more
targeted and efficient R&D investments. This strategic focus and enhanced R&D efficiency,
together with the growth of the Group’s revenue, led to a decrease in the proportion of
the Group’s research expenditures to its revenue.


Interest Expenses

During the Review Period, the Group’s interest expenses amounted to approximately
RMB178,487,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB112,203,000 from
approximately RMB290,690,000 in the same period in 2024. It was mainly attributable
to the combined effect of the decrease in the average balance of borrowings and the
average market lending rate during the Review Period.


Share of Results of Joint Ventures

During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of joint ventures was a net profit
of approximately RMB21,845,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB406,000
from a net profit of approximately RMB21,439,000 in the same period in 2024, reflecting
a relatively stable performance.


Share of Results of Associates

During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of associates was a net loss of
approximately RMB10,816,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB3,266,000
from a net loss of approximately RMB14,082,000 in the same period in 2024. It was
primarily driven by the turnaround of an associate from loss to profit during the Review
Period.


Income Tax Expense

During the Review Period, the Group’s income tax expense was approximately
RMB251,428,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB55,397,000 from
approximately RMB196,031,000 in the same period in 2024.


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025      21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the effective tax rate was approximately 16.0%, representing
     an increase of approximately 0.6% from approximately 15.4% in the same period in 2024.


     Profits Attributable to Non-controlling Interests

     During the Review Period, the Group’s profits attributable to non-controlling interests were
     approximately RMB42,622,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB34,152,000
     from approximately RMB8,470,000 in the same period in 2024. It was mainly attributable
     to the increase in net profit of non-wholly owned subsidiaries during the Review Period.


     Liquidity and Financial Resources

     As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents and pledged
     bank deposits and time deposits was approximately RMB5,731,340,000, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB456,369,000 from approximately RMB5,274,971,000
     as of 31 December 2024. As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s low-cost borrowings in
     aggregate amounted to approximately RMB8,859,868,000, among which the equivalent
     of approximately RMB3,494,390,000, approximately RMB2,386,741,000, approximately
     RMB2,157,270,000, approximately RMB300,634,000, approximately RMB250,898,000,
     approximately RMB179,442,000 and approximately RMB90,493,000 were denominated
     in Euro (“EUR”), RMB, US Dollar (“USD”), New Taiwan Dollar (“NTD”), Thai Baht
     (“THB”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”) and Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”), respectively, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB440,812,000 from approximately RMB8,419,056,000
     as of 31 December 2024. It was mainly attributable to the additional borrowings due
     to the repayment of the capital contribution from local government funds amounting
     to RMB800,000,000 during the Review Period and the borrowings made by the Group
     having considered the consolidated gains from exchange rates, interest rates and capital
     management.

     During the Review Period, the net cash flow from the Group’s operating activities was
     approximately RMB2,236,847,000, indicating a sound cash flow condition.




22   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the Group’s trade receivables turnover days were approximately
77 days, which were approximately 1 day shorter than approximately 78 days in the same
period in 2024. This was mainly due to the increased revenue contribution from customers
in international markets with shorter trade receivables cycles, coupled with the Group’s
enhanced control over receivables collection during the Review Period. The combined
effect of the above led to a decrease in the Group’s trade receivables turnover days.


During the Review Period, the Group’s trade payables turnover days were approximately
94 days, representing an increase of approximately 3 days from approximately 91 days
in the same period in 2024. This was mainly due to the extended payment cycles upon
active negotiations with suppliers based on the Group’s growth in scale, as well as the
changes in suppliers’ settlement methods.


During the Review Period, the Group’s inventory turnover days were approximately 95
days, representing an increase of approximately 1 day from approximately 94 days in the
same period in 2024. This was primarily due to the increase in inventory reserves driven
by the mass production of new global projects. In response, the Group has continued
to advance its strategy of global deployment of localised production, bringing production
closer to key markets to shorten the supply chain. Concurrently, the Group has enhanced
its factory order review processes and production planning management to effectively
control inventory turnover days.


The Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.2 as of 30 June 2025, which remained at
the similar level as that of approximately 1.2 as of 31 December 2024. As of 30 June 2025,
the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 22.3% (31 December 2024: approximately
24.3%), which was a percentage based on interest-bearing borrowings divided by total
assets.

Note: The calculation methods for the above indicators are the same as those previously set out in
       the Company’s prospectus dated 22 November 2005.


The Group’s capital demands had no particular seasonality features.


The Group is of the view that the favourable performance in sales, production and R&D,
and a healthy cash reserve during the Review Period have provided a solid guarantee for
sustainable development in the future.




                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025      23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Funding and Treasury Policy

     The Group adheres to a prudent funding and treasury policy in managing its overall
     business operations. The Group funds its capital expenditures, working capital needs, and
     other liquidity requirements primarily through cash generated from operations, as well
     as bank and other loans. In addition, the Group will prudently manage its future capital
     needs to ensure financial stability and support sustainable growth. The Board reviews
     and evaluates the Group’s funding and treasury policy from time to time to ensure its
     adequacy and effectiveness.


     COMMITMENTS

                                                            At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                  2025                2024
                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

      Capital expenditure contracted for but not
        provided in the condensed consolidated
        financial statements in respect of:
        Acquisition of property, plant and
           equipment                                            406,547            468,437


     INTEREST RATE AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS

     As of 30 June 2025, the balance of the Group’s bank borrowings was approximately
     RMB8,859,868,000, of which approximately RMB7,015,322,000 will mature within one
     year, and approximately RMB1,844,546,000 will mature after one year. Approximately
     RMB929,256,000 of the borrowings was bearing at fixed interest rates, and approximately
     RMB7,930,612,000 was bearing at floating interest rates. The aforesaid borrowings had
     no seasonality features. In addition, approximately RMB6,004,216,000 of the borrowings
     was denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the Group’s related
     entities, of which the equivalents of approximately RMB3,494,390,000, approximately
     RMB2,049,891,000, RMB190,000,000, approximately RMB179,442,000 and approximately
     RMB90,493,000 were denominated in EUR, USD, RMB, CHF and HKD respectively.




24   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits and time deposits
are mainly denominated in RMB, USD and EUR. Remittance of funds out of the PRC is
subject to the foreign exchange control restrictions imposed by the Chinese government.


As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents and
pledged bank deposits and time deposits denominated in currencies other than the
functional currencies was approximately RMB2,690,599,000, of which approximately
RMB1,896,587,000 was denominated in USD, approximately RMB386,666,000 was
denominated in EUR, approximately RMB344,548,000 was denominated in Japanese Yen,
approximately RMB32,555,000 was denominated in HKD, approximately RMB27,342,000
was denominated in Mexican Peso, and the remainder of approximately RMB2,901,000
was denominated in other currencies.


As a result of the constant expansion of international sales and the drastic fluctuations in
the currency market, the management of the Group is highly concerned about the foreign
exchange risks, and would take the exchange rate expectations of relevant currencies
into full consideration when deciding the billing currencies for relevant businesses. The
Group controls and mitigates foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring the size of
its assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies in day-to-day operations, by
partially hedging foreign currency net investments through currency borrowings and
other hedging instruments, and by selecting local currencies as settlement currencies
appropriately according to the Group’s international strategic deployment to reduce the size
of businesses denominated in foreign currencies. Meanwhile, the Group also uses forward
exchange contracts, currency swaps, options, interest rate swaps and other financial
derivative products to further prevent interest rate risks and foreign exchange risks.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 30 June 2025, the Group had no contingent liabilities (31 December 2024: Nil).




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     MORTGAGED ASSETS

     As of 30 June 2025, the Group had borrowings of NTD120,000,000 (equivalent to
     RMB29,616,000) and approximately RMB3,505,000, which were mortgaged by land
     use rights with carrying value of approximately RMB6,034,000 and property, plant
     and equipment with carrying value of approximately NTD47,708,000 (equivalent to
     approximately RMB11,774,000) and approximately RMB10,692,000 (31 December 2024:
     the Group had borrowings of NTD60,000,000 (equivalent to RMB13,374,000) and
     approximately RMB2,807,000, which were mortgaged by land use rights with carrying
     amounts of approximately RMB6,093,000 and property, plant and equipment with carrying
     amounts of approximately NTD47,708,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,634,000)
     and approximately RMB10,912,000).


     As of 30 June 2025, the Group had borrowings of NTD63,000,000 (equivalent to
     approximately RMB15,548,000), issued bills payables of approximately RMB679,464,000
     due within 6 months, and issued letters of guarantee of approximately EUR22,226,000
     (equivalent to approximately RMB186,754,000) and RMB176,179,000, which were
     pledged by bills receivables with fair value of approximately RMB14,778,000 and bank
     deposits of approximately RMB307,300,000, USD33,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB236,234,000) and approximately NTD8,116,000 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB2,003,000). The borrowings are to be settled in NTD and RMB (31 December 2024:
     the Group had borrowings of NTD144,000,000 (equivalent to RMB32,098,000), issued
     bills payables of approximately RMB779,194,000 due within 6 months, and issued
     letters of guarantee of approximately EUR 22,226,000 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB167,268,000) and RMB121,680,000, which were pledged by bills receivables
     with fair value of approximately RMB6,932,000 and bank deposits of approximately
     RMB412,070,000, USD23,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB165,333,000),
     approximately EUR5,117,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB38,507,000) and
     approximately NTD6,118,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,364,000). The borrowings
     are to be settled in NTD and RMB).




26   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure includes the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, the increase
in construction in progress and the addition of land use rights. During the Review
Period, the Group’s capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB902,056,000,
which was mainly invested to build production capacity for international market and
expand production capacity for products such as battery housings and body and chassis
structural parts. During the Review Period, the Group’s capital expenditure decreased
by approximately 17.5% from approximately RMB1,093,333,000 in the same period in
2024. The reduction during the Review Period was primarily because the Group achieved
the layout and synergy in global production capacity, while exercising stringent control
over the investment in fixed assets, actively promoting the renovation and reuse of
old equipment, and continued to promote effective collaboration among its factories all
around the world, in order to further improve production capacity efficiency and reduce
unnecessary production capacity expansion.


PLACING AND SUBSCRIPTION

The Group had no placing and subscription of shares during the Review Period.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates during the Review Period.


EMPLOYEES

As of 30 June 2025, the Group employed a total of 26,357 staff, reflecting an increase
of 694 employees compared to 31 December 2024. This increase was primarily driven by
the sustained expansion of revenue during the Review Period. Additionally, as the Group
continued to advance its globalisation strategy, new projects in North America and Europe
have created additional manpower needs. Furthermore, to support sustainable and robust
development, the Group has enhanced governance across various functional departments,
leading to a corresponding increase in human resource investment.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Review Period, the Group remained steadfast in its commitment to enhancing
     organisational effectiveness, further strengthening its global operational capabilities. By
     upgrading its R&D system and promoting vertical integration in its supply chain, the
     Group has successfully aligned technological innovation with business needs, thereby
     improving overall supply chain efficiency. Additionally, the Group has reinforced its
     dual-track governance model of “global expansion + regional focus”, ensuring that regional
     operations are strategically empowered. At the same time, the Group has refined its
     performance management system, introducing a three-tier monthly review process to
     evaluate performance at the levels of “Strategy, Organisation, and Individual”. Looking
     ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will continue to drive organisational
     agility transformation, while further integrating and coordinating resources across the
     Asia-Pacific, European, and North American regions. This will further strengthen the
     strategic empowerment of regional operations and ensure the sustainable growth of its
     global operations.


     Along with the on-going deployment in its global strategy and layout, the Group continues
     to enhance and digitize its talent assessment and development systems. The Group
     targets to identify and nurture high-potential talents as early in their careers as possible,
     blending training with hands-on experience. Key initiatives include: (1) building a robust
     pipeline of mid-to-senior management talents across regions such as Europe and North
     America; (2) building a global curriculum resource system to accelerate the sharing,
     learning, and mastery of concepts, knowledge, and skills across diverse talent pools; and
     (3) promoting international language and cultural trainings to improve the efficiency of
     talent development. Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, the Group will continue to
     strengthen its global talent assessment and development frameworks, accelerating efforts
     to scale up the identification and training of high-potential talents worldwide, and building
     a solid talent foundation to support Minth’s global operations and ensure its sustainable
     and steady growth.

     Care has always served as the cornerstone of the Group’s corporate culture. The Group
     conducted comprehensive evaluations of over 1,500 core management members, taking
     into account the perspectives of staff from diverse backgrounds. To promote a shared set
     of values across its global workforce, the Group hosted 90 values alignment workshops
     worldwide. As part of its cultural integration efforts, the Group also organised the
     second China-Serbia Youth International Cultural Exchange Camp, promoting cross-cultural
     exchange. In parallel, it enhanced both internal and external communications through a
     senior leadership training programme and the implementation of the “Minth Internal and


28   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


External Communication Policy”. The Group remains committed to the holistic well-being
of its employees. Initiatives such as “Overall Health Workshops”, “Emotional Intelligence”,
“Family Drawing Room”, “Mini Marathons”, and “Couples’ Camps”, alongside one-on-one
wellness support, are all designed to nurture its employees’ physical, mental, and
emotional health. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will continue to
drive “team culture integration” and “intercultural exchange”, strengthening collaboration
and communication across global teams. The Group will also enhance its human rights
management in line with its ESG objectives and continue developing the health centre
at its Serbia facility. Additionally, it plans to introduce a “Youth Summer Camp” for the
children of Minth employees and the local community, further reinforcing its commitment
to the well-being of its employees, their families, and the broader community.


During the Review Period, the Group strengthened its global governance by launching a
global HR sharing platform. Leveraging digital tools and best practices from the Asia-Pacific
region, the Group empowered its teams in Europe and America, and significantly
improved process efficiency and leadership capabilities, thus providing solid support for
its global operations. At the same time, the Group revised its talent, compensation, and
benefits strategies for key European markets, ensuring high-quality product delivery while
implementing reasonable control over costs and expenses. The Group also continued to
review and update its compensation and benefits policies across major operational regions
to ensure its competitiveness in the market. Following its principle of “high value creates
high returns”, certain share awards of the Company (“Awarded Shares”) were vested
to selected grantees of the Group during the Review Period, rewarding key talents who
made outstanding contributions towards the Group’s achievement of its critical growth
targets for 2021 to 2024. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will
continue refining both short- and long-term incentive policies, encourage all employees
to create comprehensive business value, and ensure the successful execution of its all
strategic goals and cost-efficiency initiatives.

In the second half of 2025, the Group will focus on key human resources strategies
centred around “Global Governance, Global Integration, All in to Fulfill”, fully aligning
with its future strategic objectives. The Group’s global priorities will include boosting
organisational effectiveness, strengthening global talent development, fostering cultural
diversity, and elevating its global employer brand. By drawing on best practices worldwide
in local operations, the Group aims to build an efficient, collaborative and agile global
organisation, driving its sustainable growth and long-term success.



                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025     29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.
     Apart from statutory benefits and in-house training programmes, discretionary bonuses,
     share awards and share options may be awarded to employees according to the
     assessment of individual performance. The total staff costs incurred by the Group during
     the Review Period were approximately RMB2,589 million (the same period in 2024:
     approximately RMB2,357 million).


     DIRECTORS

     During the Review Period, the directors of the Company (“Directors”) were as follows:


     Executive Directors

     Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)
     Ye Guo Qiang
     Zhang Yuxia
     William Chin (appointed on 30 May 2025)


     Non-executive Director

     Chin Chien Ya


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mok Kwai Pui Bill
     Tatsunobu Sako
     Meng Li Qiu
     Chan Pak Hung (appointed on 30 May 2025)
     Hu Ting Wu (appointed on 30 May 2025)
     Wang Ching (retired on 30 May 2025)


     During the Review Period, information required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51(2) of
     the Listing Rules


     Mr. Chan Pak Hung resigned from the independent non-executive director of Ganglong
     China Property Group Limited (stock code: 6968) on 27 June 2025.



30   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

The 2005 Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company for a period of 10
years pursuant to a written resolution of all the then shareholders of the Company on
13 November 2005. Such scheme was terminated on 22 May 2012 and the 2012 Share
Option Scheme with substantively similar terms to the 2005 Share Option Scheme was
adopted on the same day at the 2012 annual general meeting of the Company for 10
years. The 2012 Share Option Scheme had expired on 22 May 2022. On the date of the
2022 annual general meeting of the Company, i.e. 31 May 2022, the Company adopted
the 2022 Share Option Scheme for a term of 10 years with salient terms similar to those
of the 2012 Share Option Scheme.

The purpose of the 2022 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options
to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group. All
Directors, employees of the Group and service providers of the Group whom the Board
considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group are eligible
to participate in the 2022 Share Option Scheme.

The 2022 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years after the
date on which the scheme was adopted. The total number of Shares which may be
allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2022 Share
Option Scheme adopted by the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% (“General
Scheme Limit”) of the Shares of the Company in issue on 31 May 2022, the date when
the Company adopted the 2022 Share Option Scheme, which were 116,183,579 Shares.
The Company may renew the General Scheme Limit with shareholders’ approval provided
that each such renewal may not exceed 10% of the Shares of the Company in issue as
at the date of the shareholders’ approval.

The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding
options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2022 Share Option Scheme and any
other share option schemes adopted by the Company must not in aggregate exceed 30%
of the Shares in issue from time to time.

Unless approved by shareholders of the Company, the total number of Shares issued
and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under the 2022 Share Option
Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company (including both exercised
or outstanding options) to each participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being (“Individual Limit”).


                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025      31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     An option may be accepted by a participant within 28 days from the date of the offer
     of grant of the option. A nominal consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of
     the grant of an option.

     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Share Option
     Scheme at any time during the period to be determined and notified by the Board to
     each grantee, at the time of making an offer of the grant of an option which shall not
     expire later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option.

     Unless the Board otherwise determined and stated in the offer to the participant, there
     is no minimum period for which an option granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme
     must be held before it can be exercised.

     The subscription price for the Shares under the 2022 Share Option Scheme will be a price
     determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price
     of shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the
     date of the offer of grant, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price
     of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for
     the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant; and (iii) the
     nominal value of the Shares.

     As at the date of this interim report, the total number of unexercised outstanding Share
     Options (i.e. the total number of Shares available for issue) under the 2012 Share Option
     Scheme is 7,995,000 which represents approximately 0.69% of the issued Shares
     (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this interim report.

     As at the date of this interim report, the total number of unexercised outstanding Share
     Options (i.e. the total number of Shares available for issue) under the 2022 Share Option
     Scheme is 27,003,000 which represents approximately 2.32% of the issued Shares
     (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this interim report. As at the date of this
     interim report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2012 Share
     Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme is 121,181,579 which represents
     approximately 10.43% of the issued Shares as at the date of this interim report (excluding
     treasury shares).

     The total number of Share Options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2022 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025 were 86,183,579
     and 86,183,579 respectively.


32   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As at the date of this interim report, the number of Share Options that could still be
granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme was 86,183,579, representing approximately
7.41% of the 1,162,321,999 Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at 27 August
2025, being the date of this interim report.


Details are as follows:

                                                  Number of Share Options (Note 1)
                                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                             average closing
                                                                                                                                                             price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                immediately
                                             Granted    Exercised Cancelled     Lapsed                                                                            before the
                               Outstanding     during      during    during      during Outstanding                                              Exercise         date(s) on
                                     as at        the         the       the         the        as at                                              price of             which
 Name and category               1 January    Review      Review    Review      Review      30 June                                            the Share      Share Options
 of participants                      2025     Period      Period    Period      Period        2025    Date of grant Exercise period              Options     were exercised
                                                                                                                                                    (HKD)              (HKD)
                                                                                                       (Note 5)       (Note 6)                   (Note 7)

 Directors, chief
    executives,
    and substantial
    Shareholders and
    their respective
    associates
 Mr. Ye Guo Qiang                  250,000        —           —          —           —       250,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A
                                   500,000        —           —          —           —       500,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Ms. Zhang Yuxia                   400,000        —           —          —           —       400,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A
                                   500,000        —           —          —           —       500,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Mr. William Chin (Note 2)         300,000        —           —          —           —       300,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Ms. Chin Chien Ya (Note 3)        150,000        —           —          —           —       150,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A
                                   100,000        —           —          —           —       100,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill              50,000        —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Mr. Tatsunobu Sako                 50,000        —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Professor Meng Li Qiu              50,000        —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Dr. Wang Ching (Note 4)           100,000        —           —          —           —       100,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A
                                    50,000        —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30               N/A
 Mr. Wu Tak Lung (Note 4)          100,000        —           —          —           —       100,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A

 Subtotal                        2,600,000        —           —          —           —     2,600,000

 Other participants
    (Note 8)
 Employee participants          15,920,600        —       43,400         —      627,200   15,250,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85              24.26
    (in aggregate)              28,400,000        —      366,000         —      200,000   27,834,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30              20.49
 Related entity participants            —         —           —          —           —            —    N/A            N/A                             N/A                N/A
    (in aggregate)
 Service providers                 530,000        —           —          —           —       530,000   28–7–2020      1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025        23.85               N/A
    (in aggregate)

 Subtotal                       44,850,600        —      409,400         —      827,200   43,614,000

 Total                          47,450,600        —      409,400         —      827,200   46,214,000




                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025                     33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Note 1:   Numbers of Shares over which options were granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme
               and the 2022 Share Option Scheme.


     Note 2:   Mr. William Chin, an executive Director of the Company (appointed on 30 May 2025) and
               the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group, is the son of Ms. Wei Ching Lien (“Ms. Wei”, an
               executive Director and Chairperson of the Company) and the brother of Ms. Chin Chien Ya
               (“Ms. Chin”, a non-executive Director of the Company).


     Note 3:   Ms. Chin Chien Ya, a non-executive Director of the Company, is the daughter of Ms. Wei
               and the sister of Mr. William Chin.


     Note 4:   Dr. Wang Ching and Mr. Wu Tak Lung retired as independent non-executive Directors of
               the Company on 30 May 2025 and 31 May 2023 respectively.


     Note 5:   The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 28 July 2020 on which the
               Share Options were granted pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme, i.e. on 27 July
               2020 was HKD22.40. The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 2 May
               2024 on which the Share Options were granted pursuant to the 2022 Share Option Scheme,
               i.e. on 30 April 2024 was HKD13.44.


     Note 6:   The option period for the Share Options granted on 28 July 2020 is for five years five
               months and three days and the vesting periods of such Share Options are as follows: (i)
               up to 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2021; (ii) up to a
               further 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2022; and (iii) all
               of the remaining Share Options granted to be vested on or after 1 July 2023. The option
               period for the Share Options granted on 2 May 2024 is for five years seven months and
               twenty-nine days and the vesting periods of such Share Options are as follows: (i) up to
               30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2025; (ii) up to a further
               30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2026; and (iii) all of the
               remaining Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2027.


     Note 7:   The exercise price of the Share Options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or
               bonus issues, or other similar changes on the Company’s share capital.


     Note 8:   There are no (i) participant with Share Options granted and to be granted in excess of the
               1% individual limit, and (ii) related entity participant or service provider with Share Options
               granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue
               (excluding treasury shares).




34   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the grantees of the Company’s Share Option Scheme exercised
a total of 409,400 Share Options in accordance with the rules and terms of the Share
Option Schemes and 827,200 Share Options lapsed as a result of resignations of grantees.


The fair values of the granted Share Options are listed as follows:


                                                                                              Fair
                                                                                         value at
 Share option                                                                Exercise    the date
 type         Date of grant           Tranche Exercise period                   price    of grant
                                                                               (HKD)        (HKD)

 2020 (Note 1) 28–7–2020              A        1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.29
               28–7–2020              B        1–7–2022 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.59
               28–7–2020              C        1–7–2023 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.74
               28–7–2020              E        1–7–2021 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.32
               28–7–2020              F        1–7–2022 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.61
               28–7–2020              G        1–7–2023 to 31–12–2025           23.85         6.75


 2024 (Note 2) 2–5–2024               A        5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30         3.98
               2–5–2024               B        5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.28
               2–5–2024               C        5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.50
               2–5–2024               E        5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30         3.98
               2–5–2024               F        5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.28
               2–5–2024               G        5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30         4.50


Note 1:   For the Share Options granted in 2020, the tranche A, B and C are granted to Directors and
          senior employees, while the tranche E, F and G are granted to other participants (excluding
          associates of Directors).


Note 2:   For the Share Options granted in 2024, the tranche A, B and C are granted to Directors,
          while the tranche E, F and G are granted to other employees (including associates of
          Directors).


Apart from the Share Option Schemes as disclosed above, no Share Option was granted,
exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the Review Period. Particulars of the Company’s
Share Option Schemes are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.


                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025       35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     On 28 July 2020, the Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award
     Scheme”) to allow share awards (the “Awarded Shares”) at the absolute discretion of
     the Board. The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions
     by certain eligible participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them
     for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel
     for further development of the Group. Selected participants pursuant to the terms of the
     Share Award Scheme will be notified the number of shares awarded to them.


     The total number of Awarded Shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of
     the Share Award Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025 were 113,094,900
     and 112,892,450 respectively. As at the date of this interim report, the total number of
     Shares available for issue under the Share Award Scheme is 112,892,450 which represents
     approximately 9.71% of the issued Shares as at the date of this interim report (excluding
     treasury shares).


     The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of Share Options and Awarded
     Shares granted under all schemes of the Company during the Review Period divided by the
     weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Review
     Period was approximately 4.01%.


     On 22 January 2025 (the “Date of Grant”), the Group granted a total of 895,000 Awarded
     Share to certain grantees (including two Directors) under the Share Award Scheme,
     representing approximately 0.08% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury
     shares) as of the Date of Grant. The details of the aforementioned grant of share awards
     are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 January 2025.


     SUMMARY OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME RULES

     For further details on the rules of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 28 July 2020 (the “Announcement”) (capitalized
     terms used below shall have the meanings ascribed therein).




36   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1)   Purposes and Objectives

      The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions by
      certain eligible participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
      them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
      suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


(2)   Eligible Participants for the Share Award Scheme

      Participants who are eligible for the Share Award Scheme include (i) any employee
      (including but not limited to any executive director) of any member of the Group;
      (ii) non-executive director or independent non-executive director or officer; and
      (iii) an individual or employee of a corporate or entity who, pursuant to a contract
      for services, renders services to a member of the Group as determined by the
      Board from time to time (other than certain participants who are excluded from
      participation in the Share Award Scheme by reason of the restrictions under
      applicable laws and regulations).


(3)   Duration

      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Share
      Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on
      the date of adoption of the Share Award Scheme (i.e. 28 July 2020).


(4)   Administration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and
      the trustee appointed from time to time (the “Trustee”) in accordance with the
      Share Award Scheme rules and the trust deed entered into between the Company
      and the Trustee from time to time (the “Trust Deed”) (as the case may be). The
      Trustee shall hold the Shares and the income derived from the Trust Fund (as
      defined in the Announcement) in accordance with the Share Award Scheme rules
      and the terms of the Trust Deed.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025     37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (5)   Share Award Scheme Limit

           The Board shall not make any further award of Awarded Shares which will result
           in the aggregate number of Shares awarded by the Board under the Share Award
           Scheme exceeding ten per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from
           time to time. Further, the maximum number of Shares which may be awarded to
           a Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed one per
           cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.


     (6)   Operation

           Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme rules, the Company may from time to time,


           (i)    issue new Awarded Shares under the general mandate granted and/or
                  renewed by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company
                  and/or under specific authority granted by its Shareholders to the Trustee to
                  be held on trust for the relevant Selected Participant; or


           (ii)   the Board may select the Selected Participant(s) and determine the Reference
                  Amount for the purchase of the issued Shares for each of them, or otherwise
                  determine from time to time a Reference Amount for the purchase of
                  Shares, and notify the Trustee of its decision. Within such period as may be
                  determined by the Board after receiving the Reference Amount, the Trustee
                  shall apply the same towards the purchase (or subscription, as the case may
                  be) of the maximum number of board lots of Shares at a price which falls
                  within a range to be set by the Board. The Shares so purchased, the Related
                  Income and any balance of the Reference Amount after completion of the
                  purchase shall form part of the Trust Fund.

           The Board may, at its discretion and from time to time, determine a Reference
           Amount in respect of which the Trustee shall purchase Awarded Shares from the
           market even though no Eligible Participants has yet been designated a Selected
           Participant, as a reserve for future awards to Selected Participants. The Board shall
           then cause such Reference Amount to be paid to the Trustee for acquisition of
           Shares for the purpose of the Awarded Shares under the Share Award Scheme on
           such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board.



38   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(7)   Restrictions

      No Award shall be made by the Board and no new Awarded Shares shall be issued
      under the Share Award Scheme and no instructions to acquire Shares shall be given
      to the Trustee under the Share Award Scheme where any director is in possession
      of unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Group or where dealings
      by Directors are prohibited under any code or requirement of the Listing Rules and
      all applicable laws from time to time.


(8)   Grant and Vesting

      The Company shall notify each Selected Participant of the number of Awarded
      Shares granted to each Selected Participant by a Grant Notice which shall set out
      the respective entitlement of each Selected Participant and specify the additional
      conditions pursuant to which the Awarded Shares and/or the Related Income shall
      vest in each respective Selected Participant. The Trustee shall not hold any income
      of the Trust Fund upon trust for the Selected Participant, who are not entitled to
      any income or rights attached to or derived from the Awarded Shares (inclusive of
      any nil-paid rights, options or warrants derived from the Awarded Shares apart from
      the Related Income) from the date of the grant of the Award until the vesting of
      the Awarded Shares in the Selected Participant.


      Subject to the Share Award Scheme rules and the fulfilment of all vesting conditions
      as specified in the grant notice (such fulfilment shall be confirmed by the Board),
      the respective Awarded Shares and the Related Income held by the Trustee on
      behalf of a Selected Participant shall vest in such Selected Participant, and the
      Trustee shall cause such vested Awarded Shares and the Related Income to be
      transferred to, or to the order of, such Selected Participant in accordance with the
      procedure specified in the Share Award Scheme rules.

      Except in the circumstances as set out under (9) below, upon the vesting of the
      Awarded Shares, barring any unforeseen circumstances, unless otherwise agreed
      between the Board and the Trustee,




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           (i)    the Board shall send to the relevant Selected Participant a vesting notice
                  and for purchase of Awarded Shares, together with such prescribed reply
                  slip which require the Selected Participant to execute to effect the vesting
                  and transfer of the Awarded Shares and the Related Income, and


           (ii)   subject to the receipt by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip prescribed in the
                  vesting notice and duly signed by the Selected Participant within the period
                  stipulated in the vesting notice, and (b) a confirmation from the Company
                  that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, the Trustee shall transfer the
                  relevant Awarded Shares (and where applicable, together with the Related
                  Income) to the relevant Selected Participant as soon as practicable after the
                  vesting date and in any event not later than such period after the vesting
                  date as may be reasonably determined by the Board. The final decision in
                  relation to such transfer shall be subject to the absolute discretion of the
                  Board.


           Prior to the vesting date, any Award made hereunder shall be personal to the
           Selected Participant to whom it is made and shall not be assignable and no Selected
           Participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any
           interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the Awarded Shares
           and the Related Income referable to him pursuant to such Award.


           Unless the Board otherwise determined and stated in the grant notice to the
           participant, there is no minimum period for which an Awarded Share granted under
           the Share Award Scheme must be held before it can be vested and that the amount
           payable on acceptance of the Awarded Share is nil.


           The basis of determining the purchase price of Awarded Shares:

           Not applicable as there is no purchase price under the Share Award Scheme.


     (9)   Disqualification of Selected Participants/Lapse of Award

           In the event of a Total Lapse, all Awarded Shares and the Related Income which
           have not vested shall not vest on the relevant vesting date and shall become
           Returned Shares and the income of the Trust.



40   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In the event of a Partial Lapse, subject to the absolute discretion of the Board, the
relevant part of an Award made to such Selected Participant shall automatically lapse
forthwith and the relevant Awarded Shares and the Related Income which have
not vested shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall become Returned
Shares and income of the Trust.


In respect of a Selected Participant who retired, resigned or whose employment/
engagement was terminated by agreement with a member of the Group at any time
prior to or on the Vesting Date, all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of
the relevant Selected Participant shall immediately lapse. All the Awarded Shares
and the Related Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned
Shares and income of the Trust.


In the event of the death of a Selected Participant at any time, the award of
the Awarded Shares and the Related Income shall immediately lapse and all the
Awarded Shares (or Reference Amount, as the case may be) and the Related
Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned Shares and
income of the Trust.


If there occurs an event of change in control of the Company, whether by way
of offer, merger, scheme of arrangement or otherwise, all the Awarded Shares
and the Related Income shall immediately vest on the date when such change of
control event becomes or is declared unconditional and such date shall be deemed
to be the vesting date. Subject to the receipt by the Trustee of duly executed
reply slip to the vesting notice within 7 Business Days from the deemed Vesting
Date, the Trustee shall transfer the Awarded Shares and the Related Income to
the Selected Participant.


The Trustee shall hold the Returned Shares exclusively for the benefit of all or one
or more of the Eligible Participants (excluding any Excluded Participant). The Board
shall in its absolute discretion have the right to determine whether a proposed
awardee is a Selected Participant at the time of award. When Returned Shares
have been awarded, the Board shall notify the Trustee accordingly.




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025     41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (10)   Voting Rights

            The Trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by
            it as nominee or under the Trust (if any) (including but not limited to the Awarded
            Shares, the Returned Shares, any bonus Shares and scrip Shares derived therefrom).


     (11)   Termination

            (i)    The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of:


                   (a)   on the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date; and


                   (b)   such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided
                         that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any
                         Selected Participant.


            (ii)   Upon termination of the Share Award Scheme,


                   (a)   no further grant of Awarded Shares and the Related Income may be
                         made under the Share Award Scheme, these rules of the Share Award
                         Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in respect only of Awards
                         which have been granted during the term of the Share Award Scheme
                         and which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been
                         issued to a Selected Participant immediately prior to the termination
                         of the Share Award Scheme;


                   (b)   all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of the Selected
                         Participants granted under the Share Award Scheme shall become
                         vested on the Selected Participants so referable on such date of
                         termination save in respect of the Total Lapse or otherwise, subject
                         to the receipt by the Trustee of the reply slip to the Vesting Notice
                         prescribed by the Trustee and duly executed by the Selected
                         Participant within the period stipulated by the Trustee;




42   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             (c)    Returned Shares and such non-cash income remaining in the Trust
                    Fund shall be sold by the Trustee, within such period after receiving
                    notice of such termination of the Share Award Scheme as may be
                    determined by the Board; and


             (d)    the Residual Cash for the Selected Participants, net proceeds of sale
                    referred to in paragraph (ii)(b) above and such other funds remaining
                    in the Trust Fund (after making appropriate deductions in respect of
                    all disposal costs, liabilities and expenses) shall be remitted to the
                    Company forthwith.


(12)   Alteration

       The Share Award Scheme may be altered in any respect by a resolution of the Board
       provided that no such amendment shall operate to affect adversely any subsisting
       rights of any selected participant.




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025    43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Details of the movement of the Awarded Shares during the Review Period and
          during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the tables as
          follows:

                                                                    Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                average closing
                                                                                                                                                                price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                Fair value of      immediately
                                                         Granted       Vested Cancelled        Lapsed                                               Awarded          before the
                                           Outstanding     during       during   during         during   Outstanding                                  Shares         date(s) on       Grant
                                                 as at        the          the      the            the          as at                                  at the   which Awarded       price of
           Name and category                 1 January    Review       Review   Review         Review        30 June                    Vesting       date of      Shares were the Awarded
           of participants                        2025     Period       Period   Period         Period          2025    Date of grant   period          grant            vested      Shares
                                                                                                                                                       (HKD)              (HKD)       (HKD)
                                                                                                                        (Note 1)
           Directors, chief executives,
               and substantial
               Shareholders and their
               respective associates
           Zhang Yuxia                              —     90,000            —          —            —         90,000    22–1–2025       (Note 2)        16.00             N/A              0
           Ye Guo Qiang                             —     85,000            —          —            —         85,000    22–1–2025       (Note 2)        16.00             N/A              0
           Participants with Awarded
               Shares in excess of 1%
               individual limit
           N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Related entity participants
               or service providers with
               Awarded Shares granted
               during the Review Period
               exceeding 0.1% of the
               total issued Shares
           N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other employee participants       2,032,000        —      1,339,450         —       692,550            —     29–3–2021       (Note 3)        31.25            21.20             0
              (in aggregate)                        —    720,000            —          —            —        720,000    22–1–2025       (Note 2)        16.00             N/A              0
           Other related entity
               participants
               (in aggregate)
           N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other service providers (in
               aggregate)
           N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Other participants
           N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A           N/A
           Total                             2,032,000   895,000     1,339,450         —       692,550       895,000




44   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                  Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                 average closing
                                                                                                                                                 price of Shares
                                                                                                                                 Fair value of       immediately
                                                                                                                                     Awarded           before the
                          Outstanding                Vested    Cancelled     Lapsed     Outstanding                                    Shares          date(s) on       Grant
                                as at  Granted        during      during      during          as at                                     at the   which Awarded       price of
Name and category          1 January during the          the         the         the   31 December                    Vesting          date of      Shares were the Awarded
of participants                 2024       year         year        year        year          2024    Date of grant   period             grant             vested     Shares
                                                                                                                                        (HKD)               (HKD)      (HKD)
                                                                                                      (Note 1)
Directors, chief
    executives,
    and substantial
    Shareholders and
    their respective
    associates
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Participants with
    Awarded Shares
    in excess of 1%
    individual limit
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Related entity
    participants or
    service providers
    with Awarded
    Shares granted
    during the year
    exceeding 0.1% of
    the total issued
    Shares
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other employee
   participants
   (in aggregate)          2,258,000         —           —           —       226,000      2,032,000   29–3–2021       (Note 3)          31.25              N/A             0
Other related entity
    participants
    (in aggregate)
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other service providers
    (in aggregate)
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Other participants
N/A                               —          —           —           —            —              —    N/A             N/A                 N/A              N/A           N/A
Total                      2,258,000         —           —           —       226,000      2,032,000




                                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025                         45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           Note 1:   The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
                     Shares were granted on 29 March 2021, i.e. on 26 March 2021 was HKD31.05.
                     The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
                     Shares were granted on 22 January 2025, i.e. on 21 January 2025 was HKD16.44.


           Note 2:   These Awarded Shares shall vest on 23 January 2026.


           Note 3:   According to the amended vesting conditions, the vesting of 50% of the Awarded
                     Shares is deferred from the third to the fourth anniversary of the date of grant
                     whereas the remaining 50% of the Awarded Shares will also vest on the fourth
                     anniversary of the date of grant, on the basis of satisfaction of relevant vesting
                     conditions.


           Note 4:   There are no (i) participant with Awarded Shares granted and to be granted in excess
                     of the 1% individual limit (as defined in Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules), and (ii)
                     related entity participant or service provider with Awarded Shares granted and to be
                     granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding
                     treasury shares).


           For more details of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to note 22 to the
           condensed consolidated financial statements.


     During the Review Period, there were no contributions forfeited by the Group on behalf
     its employees who leave the plan prior to vesting fully in such contribution, nor had
     there been any utilization of such forfeited contributions to reduce future contributions.
     As at 30 June 2025, no forfeited contributions were available for utilization by the Group
     to reduce the existing level of contributions as described in paragraph 26(2) of Appendix
     D2 to the Listing Rules.




46   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FUTURE PROSPECTS AND STRATEGIES

During the Review Period, the Chinese automobile market demonstrated a recovery
trend, with passenger vehicle sales growing by approximately 13% year-on-year and NEVs
accounting for over 44% of the total sales, continuing to drive growth of the market. Driven
by the recovery of demand and policy incentives, automakers accelerated the launch of
new models, but intensified competition led to ongoing price wars, with over 40 OEM
brands officially reducing prices and some ICE vehicle models offering discounts of up to
20%. During the Review Period, Chinese brands saw their market share rise to 68.5%,
while joint-venture automakers faced pressure, with certain brands experiencing significant
declines in sales. According to CAAM, passenger vehicle sales in China are projected to
reach 28.9 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.9%, with NEVs
sales expected to reach 16 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.4%.


According to S&P Global Mobility’s forecast, while benefiting from improvements in the
supply chain, the global automobile industry is also influenced by policy uncertainties
and fluctuations in market demand. In 2025, the global light vehicle market (including
passenger cars, SUVs, and pickup trucks) is expected to see a slight increase in sales
and a modest decline in production. Global light vehicle sales are estimated to reach
89.6 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.7%. However, global
automobile production may decline as automakers may seek to control inventory levels.


During the Review Period, although EU tariffs temporarily increased the export costs
of Chinese NEVs, Chinese automakers still achieved growth in the European market by
adjusting their product structure, accelerating overseas production, and implementing high-
end strategies. In the long term, EU trade barriers may force Chinese brands to deepen
their localisation efforts and further consolidate their global competitiveness. As of early
July 2025, the technical aspects of the China-EU negotiations on anti-subsidy measures for
electric vehicles have been fully completed. If the mechanism operates smoothly, by 2027,
the price of Chinese electric vehicles in the European market could decrease by 15%,
with localised production capacity accounting for over 40%, forming a “European design
+ Chinese technology” integrated ecosystem. Meanwhile, international markets require
higher standards for component quality and certification, urging companies to overcome
technical, compliance, and localisation challenges. Suppliers with “global capabilities +
technological barriers” are more likely to emerge as winners.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Group will actively respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by
     the changes in the automobile and parts industry, and will continue to build up its
     comprehensive competitiveness in areas such as technology, quality and cost, focusing
     on the customers’ concerns to become customers’ most closely partnered global leader
     in supply. The Group will maintain a keen insight and fully leverage favorable policy
     conditions, respond to trends such as new energy product development, intelligent
     technology innovation and lightweight. The Group will also carry out strategic planning
     and technological innovations underpinned by its R&D repository stemming from the end-
     market and vehicle requirements, along with the advantages brought by the Group’s global
     platform. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to deepen its cooperation with customers,
     maintain its ability to provide localised supply on a global scale, and respond swiftly to
     external changes. The Group will adjust its global production capacity flexibly to match
     customers’ global operations in order to explore more business development opportunities.


     Following the inauguration of the new U.S. administration, a series of plans to impose
     additional tariffs on imported products have been announced, which have adversely
     impacted U.S. automakers in the short term and forced the global automobile supply chain
     to accelerate its restructuring. In the long term, automakers are increasingly favouring a
     “localised production + regional supply chain” model to reduce cross-border trade risks.
     The Group will closely monitor the latest developments in tariff policies, comprehensively
     consider and flexibly adjust its global production layout, thereby providing customers
     with optimised solutions. To address the impacts and uncertainties caused by tariffs and
     geopolitical factors, the Group has already achieved localised production for the majority
     of its orders in North America. Going forward, it will further increase the proportion of
     localised production in North America while continuing to strengthen business and market
     diversification, ensuring balanced development across all regions globally so as to maintain
     competitiveness in a complex trade environment.


     In terms of operational improvement, the Group will further optimise strategic planning
     of all BUs, continue to enhance its operational capabilities, especially for its international
     factories, select model factories in different regions for management replication and
     cost benchmarking, establish comprehensively competitive strengths in technology,
     cost, human resources efficiency and resource utilisation and utilise global resources to
     achieve local excellence, thereby achieving effective enhancement in profitability. In the
     meantime, the Group will continue to improve the global layout of its BUs, reinforce
     its GLOCAL management capabilities, enhance its local supply level and maximise the



48   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


global replication or sharing of the advantages of its different factories in technologies,
management, cost, resources and talents, thereby comprehensively enhancing the Group’s
global competitiveness.


The Group will strive to balance and optimise its investment portfolio and value chain
layout in global market and strike excellence in operational capability, in order to better
manage risks and respond to uncertainties of the macro-environment and achieve value
positioning in a more flexible manner. The Group has been steadfastly adhering to its
strategy of global business development, paying attention to changes in circumstances
worldwide and striving for diversified development in multiple regions and customer base,
while ensuring that it has a relatively independent operating space and achieves mass
production in each of its major market regions, thereby realising a dual presence of global
and regional layouts, to protect the Group’s stable development and reduce potential risks
arising from changes in the external environment and geopolitical factors. Meanwhile, the
Group will continue to build up its global operation team, upon which to further consolidate
the Group’s core competitiveness in technology, products and talents, and offer more
system integration solutions and customised products and services to its clients, thereby
striving for a leading position in the global auto parts industry.


DIVIDEND

The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 (the same period in 2024: nil).




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     49
     OTHER INFORMATION


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

     As at 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of substantial Shareholders, other
     than the Directors or the chief executives of the Company, in the Shares and underlying
     shares of the Company as recorded in the register of substantial Shareholders maintained
     by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                                                             Percentage
                                                                                                  of the
                                                                                   Total     Company’s
      Name of Substantial                                 Long/               Number of          Issued
      Shareholder              Capacity                   Short Position Ordinary Shares   Share Capital
                                                                                                (Note 1)

      Chin Jong Hwa            Interest of controlled     Long position      450,072,000         38.72%
                                 corporations
                               Interest of spouse         Long position          750,000          0.06%
                                                                                (Note 2)
      Minth Holdings Limited   Beneficial owner           Long position      450,072,000         38.72%
         (“Minth Holdings”)                                                     (Note 3)
      JPMorgan Chase & Co.     Beneficial owner           Long position        7,930,803          0.68%
                                                          Short position       6,845,354          0.59%
                                                                                (Note 4)
                               Investment manager         Long position       52,125,583          4.48%
                               Person having a security   Long position          575,100          0.05%
                                 interest in shares
                               Approved lending agent     Long position       10,695,946          0.92%




50   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION


Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital of 1,162,402,999 Shares as at
          30 June 2025.


Note 2:   As at 30 June 2025, Minth Holdings and Ms. Wei were beneficially interested in 450,072,000
          Shares and 750,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings was wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
          Jong Hwa and he was therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
          held by Minth Holdings. Since Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is the spouse of Ms. Wei, he is deemed
          to be interested in the 750,000 Shares in which Ms. Wei is interested.


Note 3:   As at 30 June 2025, Minth Holdings, a company wholly-owned by Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, was
          beneficially interested in 450,072,000 Shares.


Note 4:   As at 30 June 2025, according to the information disclosed to the Company under Division
          2 and Division 3 of Part XV of the SFO, these Shares were held by corporations controlled
          directly or indirectly as to 100% by JPMorgan Chase & Co.


Other than as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Company had not been
acknowledged by any person of any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO).




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025       51
     OTHER INFORMATION



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

     As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief
     executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
     Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
     recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
     or which would otherwise have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Division 7 and Division 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
     positions, if any, which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
     SFO) and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
     (“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
     on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”), were as follows:

      Name of Directors,       Company/                                               Total       Percentage of
      chief executives         Name of                                            Number of      the Company’s
      and their respective     Associated    Long/                                 Ordinary               Issued
      associates               Corporation   Short Position Capacity                 Shares        Share Capital
                                                                                                        (Note 1)

      Wei Ching Lien           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         750,000            0.06%
                                             Long position   Interest of spouse   450,072,000           38.72%
                                                                                      (Note 2)
      Ye Guo Qiang             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         865,000            0.07%
          (“Mr. Ye”)                                                                  (Note 3)
      Zhang Yuxia              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner       1,080,000            0.09%
          (“Ms. Zhang”)                                                               (Note 4)
      William Chin             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         300,000            0.03%
                                                                                      (Note 5)
      Chin Chien Ya            Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         250,000            0.02%
                                                                                      (Note 6)
      Mok Kwai Pui Bill        Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           50,000          0.004%
          (“Mr. Mok”)                                                                 (Note 5)
      Tatsunobu Sako           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           50,000          0.004%
          (“Mr. Sako”)                                                                (Note 5)
      Meng Li Qiu              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           50,000          0.004%
          (“Professor Meng”)                                                          (Note 5)
      Wang Ching               Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         150,000            0.01%
          (“Dr. Wang”)                                                                (Note 6)




52   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION


Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital is based on the 1,162,402,999 Shares
          issued as at 30 June 2025.


Note 2:   As at 30 June 2025, Ms. Wei and Minth Holdings were beneficially interested in 750,000
          Shares and 450,072,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings is wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
          Jong Hwa and he is therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
          held by Minth Holdings. Since Ms. Wei is the spouse of Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, Ms. Wei is
          deemed to be interested in the 450,072,000 Shares in which Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is deemed
          to be interested.


Note 3:   This figure represents (i) 750,000 Share Options granted to Mr. Ye under the 2012 Share
          Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable, (ii) 30,000 Shares
          held by Mr. Ye and (iii) 85,000 Awarded Shares granted to Mr. Ye under the Share Award
          Scheme. Upon exercise of the 750,000 Share Options, Mr. Ye will own 865,000 Shares.


Note 4:   This figure represents (i) 900,000 Share Options granted to Ms. Zhang under the 2012
          Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable, (ii) 90,000
          Shares held by Ms. Zhang and (iii) 90,000 Awarded Shares granted to Ms. Zhang under the
          Share Award Scheme. Upon exercise of the 900,000 Share Options, Ms. Zhang will own
          1,080,000 Shares.


Note 5:   These figures represent the number of Share Options granted to Mr. William Chin,
          Mr. Mok, Mr. Sako and Professor Meng under the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are
          exercisable. Upon exercise of the Share Options, Mr. William Chin, Mr. Mok, Mr. Sako
          and Professor Meng will own 300,000 Shares, 50,000 Shares, 50,000 Shares and 50,000
          Shares, respectively. Mr. William Chin, an executive Director of the Company (appointed
          on 30 May 2025) and the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group, is the son of Ms. Wei and
          the brother of Ms. Chin.


Note 6:   These figures represent the number of Share Options granted to Ms. Chin and Dr. Wang
          under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are
          exercisable. Upon exercise of the Share Options, Ms. Chin and Dr. Wang will own 250,000
          Shares and 150,000 Shares, respectively. Dr. Wang retired as an independent non-executive
          Director on 30 May 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors, chief executives and
their associates had any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying shares and
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO).



                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025       53
     OTHER INFORMATION



     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
     THE COMPANY

     During the Review Period, the grantees of the Company’s Share Option Scheme exercised
     a total of 409,400 Share Options in accordance with the rules and terms of the Share
     Option Schemes and 827,200 Share Options lapsed as a result of resignations of grantees.


     During the Review Period, the trustee of the Share Award Scheme did not purchase
     any Awarded Shares on the Stock Exchange, and the Group granted a total of 895,000
     Awarded Shares to the grantees (including two Directors) pursuant to the rules of the
     Share Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed. 1,339,450 Awarded Shares
     were vested to the grantees during the Review Period, and 692,550 Awarded Shares
     were forfeited due to the grantees’ resignations or failure to fully achieve all the key
     performance indicators.


     During the Review Period, the Company repurchased a total of 886,000 shares of the
     Company on the Stock Exchange with details as below, all of which are held as treasury
     shares.

                                                     Lowest         Highest
                                    Number       repurchase      repurchase
      Date of repurchase          of Shares        price per       price per     Aggregate
      of Shares                 repurchased            Share           Share     price paid
                                                       (HKD)           (HKD)          (HKD)

      March 2025                    246,000           20.90           21.00     5,158,300.20
      April 2025                    640,000           16.38           20.00    11,647,969.80

      Total                         886,000                                    16,806,270.00


     Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries of any listed securities of the Company (including the sale or
     transfer of treasury shares) during the Review Period.




54   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION


The Company intended to determine whether and how these treasury shares so
repurchased will be utilised based on market conditions and the capital management
needs of the Group from time to time, subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, the
Company’s memorandum of association and articles of association and applicable laws
of Cayman Islands.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE AND THE
MODEL CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code
provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance
Code”) set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). Save as disclosed below, none of the Directors is
aware of any information that would reasonably indicate that the Company did not, at any
time during the Review Period, comply with the Corporate Governance Code.


Code Provision C.1.6 stipulates that the independent non-executive directors and other
non-executive directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced
understanding of the views of shareholders. Mr. Tatsunobu Sako, an independent
non-executive Director, and Dr. Wang Ching, the then independent non-executive
Director, attended the 2025 annual general meeting of the Company by electronic means;
Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill, an independent non-executive Director, attended the meeting in
person; and Ms. Chin Chien Ya, a non-executive Director, and Professor Meng Li Qiu,
an independent non-executive Director, were unable to attend the meeting due to other
business commitments.


Code provision C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairperson and chief executive officer
should be separate and should not be performed by the same person. As announced
on 13 June 2022, the Company is currently in the process of identifying a new chief
executive officer (“CEO”) following the resignation of the then CEO, and meanwhile,
Ms. Wei Ching Lien (an executive director and the Chairperson), held (and as at the date
of this interim report, still holds) the position of the CEO. Taking into account Ms. Wei’s
in-depth knowledge of the Group’s business and the fact that key decisions were
made after consulting members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, the
Board considers that deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 is still appropriate under such




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     55
     OTHER INFORMATION


     circumstance, which enables more effective planning and execution of long-term business
     strategies as well as enhances the efficiency of decision-making during the interim period
     before the next appointment of the CEO.


     Notwithstanding the above, the Board is of the view that the Group has an effective
     management structure for its operation and has put in place adequate review and balance
     measures. The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices and will
     thereby enhance its corporate governance standards and compliance with regulatory
     requirements.


     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Companies (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as
     the Company’s code of conduct and the code for dealing in the Company’s securities by
     all Directors. Having made specific enquiries to all Directors, the Directors confirmed that
     they had strictly complied with the standards stipulated under the Model Code during
     the Review Period.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

     The Group was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance during
     the Review Period and up to the date of this interim report.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDITOR

     The Audit Committee of the Company consisted of five independent non-executive
     Directors, namely Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill (Chairperson of the Audit Committee),
     Mr. Tatsunobu Sako, Professor Meng Li Qiu, Mr. Chan Pak Hung and Mr. Hu Ting Wu. The
     Committee reviews the Group’s internal control systems, the completeness and accuracy
     of the Group’s financial statements and liaises on behalf of the Directors with the external
     auditor. Members of the Committee will meet regularly with the management and external
     auditor to review the audit reports as well as the interim and annual financial reports of
     the Group. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated
     financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and this interim report, and
     recommended its adoption by the Board.




56   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                OTHER INFORMATION


The unaudited interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been
reviewed by the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, with an unqualified
opinion, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued
by the HKICPA.


SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

The Company would like to provide to the shareholders and potential investors of the
Company with the following additional information with respect to the information
disclosed in its annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “2024 Annual
Report”).


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

On 23 February 2022, the Group as purchaser entered into the Wuhan Camera Purchase
Agreement, the Jiaxing Camera Purchase Agreement and the Guangzhou Camera
Purchase Agreement with Jiaxing Shun Min Electronic Co., Ltd.* (嘉興淳敏電子有限公
司) (“Jiaxing Shun Min”) as supplier to purchase automobile camera devices, parts and
accessories for the period from 23 February 2022 to 22 February 2025.


On 23 February 2022, the Company (through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Jiaxing
Minsheng Automotive Parts Co.,Ltd.* (嘉興敏勝汽車零部件有限公司)) as purchaser entered
into the PCBA Purchase Agreement with Jiaxing Shun Min, as supplier to purchase printed
circuit boards assembly for the period from 23 February 2022 to 22 February 2025.


On 23 February 2022, the Company (through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiaxing
Minhui Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.* (嘉興敏惠汽車零部件有限公司)) as purchaser entered
into the Suppliers Agreement with Zhejiang Tianchong Vehicle Lamp Co., Ltd.* (浙江天翀
車燈集團有限公司) as the assembly supplier and Jiaxing Shun Min as the tier 2 supplier
for the assembly of printed circuit board parts for the period from 23 February 2022 to
22 February 2025.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025     57
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Subsequently, the Group has received increased orders for certain of its products, which
     has resulted in increased orders for products supplied by Jiaxing Shun Min under the
     agreements stated above (the “Agreements”). On 29 December 2022, the Group revised
     the original annual caps for the Agreements for the annual year ending 22 February 2023,
     22 February 2024 and 22 February 2025 respectively.


     The revised aggregate annual caps for the transactions under the Agreements for the
     period from 23 February 2024 to 22 February 2025 was RMB268,719,000, while the actual
     transaction amount was approximately RMB32,121,000.


     On 31 December 2024, the Group as purchaser entered into the Jiaxing Camera Purchase
     Agreement with Jiaxing Shun Min as supplier to purchase automobile camera devices,
     parts and accessories for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027 to
     replace the 2022 Jiaxing Camera Purchase Agreement which has been terminated with
     effect from 1 January 2025. The Group as purchaser also entered into the Hubei Camera
     Purchase Agreement on the same date with Jiaxing Shun Min as supplier to purchase
     automobile camera devices, parts and accessories for the period from 1 January 2025
     to 31 December 2027. The aggregate annual caps for the transactions under the Jiaxing
     Camera Purchase Agreement and Hubei Camera Purchase Agreement for the three years
     ending 31 December 2027 are RMB46,302,000, RMB46,302,000 and RMB46,302,000,
     respectively.

     *     The English names are for identification purposes only.


     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     Participants who are eligible for the Share Award Scheme include (i) any employee
     (including but not limited to any executive director) of any member of the Group; (ii)
     non-executive director or independent non-executive director or officer; and (iii) an
     individual or employee of a corporate or entity who, pursuant to a contract for services,
     renders services to a member of the Group as determined by the Board from time to time
     (other than certain participants who are excluded from participation in the Share Award
     Scheme by reason of the restrictions under applicable laws and regulations).




58   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                               OTHER INFORMATION



INTENDED USE OF TREASURY SHARES

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased a total of 10,244,000
shares of the Company, all of which were held as treasury shares.


The Company intended to determine whether and how these treasury shares so
repurchased will be utilised based on market conditions and the capital management
needs of the Group from time to time, subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, the
Company’s memorandum of association and articles of association and applicable laws
of Cayman Islands.


The above additional information does not affect other information contained in the 2024
Annual Report. Save as disclosed above, all other information in the 2024 Annual Report
remains unchanged.


                                                               By Order of the Board
                                                               Minth Group Limited
                                                                  Wei Ching Lien
                                                                   Chairperson

Hong Kong, 27 August 2025




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025    59
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MINTH GROUP LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Minth Group
     Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
     set out on pages 62 to 106, which comprise the condensed consolidated statement of
     financial position as of 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of
     changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month
     period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance
     with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
     Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
     presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with
     HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated
     financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as
     a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
     We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
     2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of
     the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of
     these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily
     of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
     other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
     in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
     us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
     be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




60   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                            REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects,
in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


27 August 2025




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     61
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                            2025             2024
                                                      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                              Notes      RMB’000         RMB’000

      Revenue                                  3       12,286,969      11,090,414
      Cost of sales                                    (8,813,909)     (7,928,777)

      Gross profit                                      3,473,060       3,161,637
      Investment income                        4          107,686         190,648
      Other income                             5          125,212         206,501
      Impairment losses under expected
         credit loss model, net of reversal    14         (19,060)        (14,553)
      Other gains and losses                   6           94,231              20
      Distribution and selling expenses                  (512,241)       (531,118)
      Administrative expenses                            (804,519)       (742,501)
      Research expenditures                              (726,299)       (714,608)
      Interest expenses                                  (178,487)       (290,690)
      Share of results of joint ventures                   21,845          21,439
      Share of results of associates                      (10,816)        (14,082)

      Profit before tax                                 1,570,612       1,272,693
      Income tax expense                       7         (251,428)       (196,031)

      Profit for the period                    8        1,319,184       1,076,662




62   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                        PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025                    2024
                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                            Note       RMB’000                RMB’000

Other comprehensive income
   (expense):
Items that may be subsequently
   reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences arising
      on translation of financial
      statements of foreign
      operations                                       600,436                   (74,456)
   Fair value loss on debt
      instruments measured at
      fair value through other
      comprehensive income                               (1,078)                     (230)

Other comprehensive income
  (expense) for the period (net of
  income tax)                                          599,358                   (74,686)

Total comprehensive income for the
  period                                              1,918,542               1,001,976

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                               1,276,562               1,068,192
  Non-controlling interests                              42,622                   8,470

                                                      1,319,184               1,076,662

Total comprehensive income for the
  period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                               1,840,864               1,013,624
  Non-controlling interests                              77,678                 (11,648)

                                                      1,918,542               1,001,976

Earnings per share                          10
  Basic                                               RMB1.120               RMB0.928

  Diluted                                             RMB1.115               RMB0.928


                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025         63
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     At 30 June 2025



                                                    At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                          2025              2024
                                                   (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                           Notes      RMB’000           RMB’000
      Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment       11      16,251,983        15,798,496
        Right-of-use assets                 11       1,024,065         1,034,728
        Goodwill                                        98,030            98,030
        Other intangible assets             11         145,444            91,523
        Interests in joint ventures                    255,193           288,678
        Interests in associates                         84,395            95,211
        Deferred tax assets                            528,030           482,985
        Prepayment for acquisition of
           property, plant and equipment               480,126           460,998
        Contract assets                     13       1,109,076         1,003,741
        Contract costs                                  85,702            92,920
        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss           15       1,130,581         1,075,344
        Plan assets                                      2,712             2,446
        Time deposits                                  944,274         1,063,624
        Derivative financial assets         16              —                863
                                                    22,139,611        21,589,587
      Current assets
        Inventories                                  4,608,490         4,640,941
        Loan receivables                                69,243            26,037
        Trade and other receivables         12       8,099,459         7,476,017
        Contract assets                     13         301,588           289,026
        Derivative financial assets         16           4,178            21,558
        Debt instruments at fair value
           through other comprehensive
           income                                     334,688            314,881
        Pledged bank deposits and time
           deposits                                  1,374,363         1,770,568
        Cash and cash equivalents                    3,412,703         2,440,779
        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss           15        293,249            189,542
                                                    18,497,961        17,169,349


64   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                     At 30 June 2025




                                                 At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                       2025               2024
                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                        Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000

Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables               17       7,811,011          7,260,369
  Tax liabilities                                   265,271            206,248
  Borrowings                             18       7,015,322          5,893,775
  Lease liabilities                                  36,458             21,918
  Contract liabilities                              235,739            162,728
  Derivative financial liabilities       16          23,587             20,577
  Other long-term liabilities due
     within one year                     21        213,879           1,011,176

                                                 15,601,267         14,576,791

Net current assets                                2,896,694          2,592,558

Total assets less current liabilities            25,036,305         24,182,145

Capital and reserves
  Share capital                          19         116,307            116,269
  Share premium and reserves                     21,731,370         20,328,883

Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                        21,847,677         20,445,152
Non-controlling interests                           880,227            813,779

Total equity                                     22,727,904         21,258,931

Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                             18       1,844,546          2,525,281
  Deferred tax liabilities                          199,274            196,651
  Lease liabilities                                  58,056             62,261
  Derivative financial liabilities       16              —              14,054
  Contract liabilities                             162,607             104,898
  Deferred income                        20         43,918              20,069

                                                  2,308,401          2,923,214

                                                 25,036,305         24,182,145




                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025      65
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                                                   Statutory                                         Share-                Attributable
                                                                                                     surplus Enterprise                               based                 to owners        Non-
                                           Share       Share      Treasury    Special      Other    reserve expansion      FVTOCI     Exchange     payment     Retained          of the controlling
                                          capital   premium          stock    reserve    reserve        fund      fund     reserve      reserve     reserve      profits     Company interests            Total
                                        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000
      At 1 January 2024 (audited)        116,269    4,153,085    (252,636)    276,199     73,976   1,073,376    430,651     (1,688)     (69,447)    284,280 12,234,432 18,318,497          821,382 19,139,879
      Profit for the period                    –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –           –    1,068,192    1,068,192        8,470     1,076,662
      Other comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –           –           –          –           –          –       (230)     (54,338)          –            –      (54,568)      (20,118)     (74,686)
      Total comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –           –           –          –           –          –       (230)     (54,338)          –    1,068,192    1,013,624       (11,648) 1,001,976
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments                  –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –      14,841            –       14,841             –      14,841
      Transfer to other reserve for
         share option forfeited after
         the vesting date                      –            –           –           –      3,548           –          –          –            –      (3,548)           –            –             –            –
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payment in a
         subsidiary (note 22)                  –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –        363             –          363          632          995
      At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)        116,269    4,153,085    (252,636)    276,199     77,524   1,073,376    430,651     (1,918)   (123,785)     295,936 13,302,624 19,347,325          810,366 20,157,691


                                                                                                 Statutory                                           Share-             Attributable
                                                                                                   surplus Enterprise                                 based              to owners         Non-
                                          Share        Share     Treasury     Special      Other   reserve expansion       FVTOCI Exchange         payment     Retained       of the controlling
                                         capital    premium         stock     reserve    reserve      fund      fund       reserve  reserve         reserve      profits Company interests               Total
                                        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                 RMB’000
      At 1 January 2025 (audited)        116,269    4,153,085    (382,649)    276,199     87,931   1,073,376    430,651     (2,358)   (179,432)     318,192 14,553,888 20,445,152          813,779 21,258,931
      Profit for the period                    –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –           –    1,276,562    1,276,562       42,622     1,319,184
      Other comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –           –           –          –           –          –     (1,078)    565,380            –            –      564,302       35,056      599,358
      Total comprehensive income
         for the period                        –            –           –           –          –           –          –     (1,078)    565,380            –    1,276,562    1,840,864       77,678     1,918,542
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments                  –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –      32,045            –       32,045             –      32,045
      Dividends declared to non-
         controlling interest                  –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –           –            –            –       (11,464)     (11,464)
      Dividends recognised as
         distribution (note 9)                 –            –       4,572           –          –           –          –          –            –           –    (465,211)     (460,639)            –    (460,639)
      Exercise of share options and
         vested of restricted shares          38       (3,926)     35,187           –          –           –          –          –            –     (25,568)           –        5,731             –       5,731
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payment in a
         subsidiary (note 22)                  –            –           –           –          –           –          –          –            –        134             –          134          234           368
      Treasury stock                           –            –     (15,610)          –          –           –          –          –            –          –             –      (15,610)           –       (15,610)
      At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)        116,307    4,149,159    (358,500)    276,199     87,931   1,073,376    430,651     (3,436)    385,948      324,803 15,365,239 21,847,677          880,227 22,727,904




66   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025



Note:


The special reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal amount of the shares
issued by the Company and the aggregate amount of the paid-in capital of subsidiaries acquired
pursuant to the group reorganisation in June 2005.


The other reserve of the Group consists of: (i) contributions from the single largest shareholder
Mr. Chin Jong Hwa (“Mr. Chin”) in connection with the Group’s acquisition of an associate from
Mr. Chin pursuant to the group reorganisation, (ii) reserve arising from acquisition of additional interest
in a subsidiary, (iii) revaluation reserve recognised upon acquisition of businesses from interests in
joint ventures, (iv) reserve transferred from share options reserve for share options forfeited after the
vesting date, and (v) contributions from the non-controlling shareholders in subsidiaries.


As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprise in the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC”), the PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve
fund which is non-distributable. Appropriations to such reserves are made out of profit after taxation
of the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries. The amount and basis of allocation are
decided by its respective board of directors annually. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used
to make up its prior year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of
capitalisation issue. The enterprise expansion funds are also appropriated out of profit after taxation
of the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries subject to the approval by its respective
board of directors annually, for the use of development and expanding the capital base of the PRC
subsidiaries.


The financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
reserve represents the changes in fair value of bill receivables which was measured as debt instruments
at FVTOCI in the condensed consolidated financial statements.


On 21 August 2024, the board of directors of the Company announced its intention to exercise
its powers under the general mandate to repurchase up to 116,199,359 shares of the Company,
representing 10% of the total number of issued shares as at the date of the annual general meeting
on 31 May 2024 (the “Repurchase Mandate”). Such repurchase will be conducted in the open
market from time to time, in accordance with prevailing market conditions, and a maximum amount
of HK$500,000,000 of the Repurchase Mandate will be used. The actual repurchase price for each
share shall be no more than 5% higher than the average closing market price for the Shares over the
five trading days immediately preceding each repurchase. During the current interim period, the Group
repurchased a total of 886,000 shares at an aggregate cost amounting to RMB15,610,000.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025         67
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                              2025             2024
                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                  2,236,847       1,730,626
      NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING
        ACTIVITIES:
        Proceeds from redemption of other
           financial assets and derivative financial
           instruments                                    2,587,271       4,833,907
        Investment in other financial assets and
           derivative financial instruments              (2,478,108)      (4,826,957)
        Receipt of government subsidies related
           to assets                                       185,751           45,739
        Interest received                                   91,885          305,529
        Dividends received from joint ventures              25,731           19,494
        Proceeds on disposal of property, plant
           and equipment                                     21,005          11,376
        Proceeds on disposal of other intangible
           assets                                                 –                88
        Proceeds on disposal of right-of-use assets          15,430                 –
        Placement of pledged bank deposits and
           time deposits                                   (879,801)       (340,179)
        Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits and
           time deposits                                  1,359,307       1,076,061
        Payment for right-of-use assets                           –            (110)
        Purchases of property, plant and
           equipment                                       (902,056)      (1,093,223)
        Consideration received for the disposal of
           an associate                                           –           4,104
        Net cash inflow arising on settlement of
           consideration receivable in respect of
           disposal of a subsidiary in prior period               –           2,160
        Repayment from an associate                               –           1,879
        Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash
           acquired                                          33,945                –
        Loan to associates                                  (36,511)               –
        Purchases of other intangible assets                (84,776)          (8,851)
        Acquisition of financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                          (100,038)                –
                                                           (160,965)         31,017


68   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                  2025                    2024
                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
NET CASH (USED IN) FINANCING
  ACTIVITIES:
  Repayment of borrowings                   (11,593,004)           (15,756,237)
  Dividends paid to owners of the Company      (460,639)                     –
  Dividends paid to non-controlling
     shareholders                               (11,464)                     –
  Interest paid                                (178,888)              (276,864)
  New borrowings raised                      11,912,264             15,607,615
  Payment on repurchase shares as
     treasury stock                             (15,610)                        –
  Repayment of long-term liability due
     within one year                           (800,000)                       –
  Repayment of lease liabilities                 (7,710)                 (12,088)
  Proceeds from exercise of share options         5,731                        –
                                             (1,149,320)               (437,574)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents      926,562                1,324,069
Cash and cash equivalents at the
  beginning of the period                     2,440,779               4,165,305
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes        45,362                  13,876
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of
  the period                                  3,412,703               5,503,250




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025         69
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     1.     BASIS OF PREPARATION

            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
            with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting”
            issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
            as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing
            of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


            The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi
            (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional currency of the Company.


     2.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
            historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
            at fair values.


            Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments
            to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard (“HKFRS”) Accounting Standards,
            the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
            consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are the
            same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year
            ended 31 December 2024.


            Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards

            In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to
            a HKFRS Accounting Standard issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are
            mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025
            for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

            Amendments to HKAS 21                   Lack of Exchangeability


            The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current
            interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
            performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in
            these condensed consolidated financial statements.


70   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



3A. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

   Disaggregation of revenue

                                   Six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)
                                    Automobile
                                    body parts           Moulds               Total
                                      RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

    Types of goods
    Sales of goods                    11,634,570         652,399          12,286,969

    Geographical markets
    The PRC                            4,007,449         298,824            4,306,273
    Other countries                    7,627,121         353,575            7,980,696

    Total                             11,634,570         652,399          12,286,969


                                     Six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
                                      Automobile
                                      body parts        Moulds           Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

    Types of goods
    Sales of goods                    10,116,844         973,570          11,090,414

    Geographical markets
    The PRC                            4,057,626         468,259            4,525,885
    Other countries                    6,059,218         505,311            6,564,529

    Total                             10,116,844         973,570          11,090,414


   All the revenue of the Group has been recognised at a point in time.


   Information about the Company’s revenue was presented on the ultimate
   geographical delivery destinations of the customers.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025         71
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     3B. SEGMENT INFORMATION

            Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief
            operating decision makers, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment
            of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered.


            No operating segments have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments
            of the Group.


            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable
            segments:


            For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)

                                                    Battery-
                                                    housing     Plastic Metal & Trim    Aluminum     Others     Elimination Consolidated
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

              Segment revenue                      3,581,923   2,867,481    2,660,040   2,469,038   1,669,679     (961,192)   12,286,969

              Segment profit                        824,188     749,299      748,193      805,449    350,670        (4,739)    3,473,060

              Investment income                                                                                                  107,686
              Other unallocated income and gains
                   and losses                                                                                                     200,383
              Unallocated expenses                                                                                             (2,043,059)
              Interest expenses                                                                                                  (178,487)
              Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                   21,845
              Share of results of associates                                                                                      (10,816)

              Profit before tax                                                                                                1,570,612
              Income tax expense                                                                                                (251,428)

              Profit for the period                                                                                            1,319,184




72   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)

                                            Battery-
                                            housing      Plastic   Metal & Trim    Aluminum      Others    Elimination   Consolidated
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

      Segment revenue                      2,390,969   2,842,566      2,541,801    2,372,380   1,515,748     (573,050)    11,090,414

      Segment profit                        492,139     684,735        675,522      829,707     440,083        39,451      3,161,637

      Investment income                                                                                                      190,648
      Other unallocated income and gains
           and losses                                                                                                         191,968
      Unallocated expenses                                                                                                 (1,988,227)
      Interest expenses                                                                                                      (290,690)
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                       21,439
      Share of results of associates                                                                                          (14,082)

      Profit before tax                                                                                                    1,272,693
      Income tax expense                                                                                                    (196,031)

      Profit for the period                                                                                                1,076,662



4.   INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2025                        2024
                                                                                  (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)
                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000

      Interest on bank balance                                                         106,529                       190,037
      Interest on loan receivables                                                       1,157                           611

      Total                                                                            107,686                       190,648




                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025                 73
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     5.     OTHER INCOME

                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2025                   2024
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Government grants (note i)                                      46,908                94,663
                  Tax incentives                                                  34,041                43,009
                  Service and consultation income (note ii)                       13,656                26,055
                  Sales of scrap and raw materials (note iii)                     18,099                17,486
                  Property rental income, net of outgoings                         8,329                 7,018
                  Others                                                           4,179                18,270

                  Total                                                          125,212               206,501


            Notes:


            (i)           The amounts represent the various subsidies granted by the PRC local government
                          authorities to group entities as incentives for their good performance in quality control
                          or environmental protection, or involvement in the hi-tech know-how industry and
                          product development activities. The government grants were unconditional and had
                          been approved by the PRC local government authorities.


            (ii)          The Group provides certain maintenance, repairing and technical consultation services
                          to customers, which are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time
                          as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                          Group’s performance as the Group performs. As a practical expedient, the Group has not
                          disclosed the information of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance
                          obligation has an original expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in
                          note 5 for the period have been offset by the relevant costs for service and consultation
                          income of RMB2,174,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB3,650,000).




74   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     (iii)      Revenue for sales of scrap and raw materials is recognised when control of the
                materials has been transferred to the buyer, being at the point the goods are delivered
                to the buyer. As a practical expedient, the Group has not disclosed the information
                of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance obligation has an original
                expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in note 5 for the period
                have been offset by the relevant costs for sales of scrap and raw materials of
                RMB182,829,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB151,117,000).


6.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2025                      2024
                                                               (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Net foreign exchange (losses)gains                           (23,385)                 22,977
        Losses on disposal of property, plant
          and equipment                                              (10,452)                  (5,934)
        Impairment loss recognised on property,
          plant and equipment                                        (32,117)                  (5,548)
        Gains(Losses) on fair value changes of
          derivative financial instruments                          101,964                   (23,542)
        Gain on fair value changes of other
          financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                    34,007                    5,819
        Gain on disposal of an associate                                   –                    1,026
        Gain on bargain purchase recognised in
          acquisition of a subsidiary (note)                          27,452                         –
        Others                                                        (3,238)                   5,222

        Total                                                         94,231                        20


     Note:


     During the current interim period, the Group entered into an agreement with the shareholder
     of a joint venture of the Group, to acquire the remaining 50% interest in the joint venture.
     Upon the completion of the equity transfer, the Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase
     of RMB27,452,000 as the fair value of the net assets acquired is higher than the consideration,
     and the joint venture becomes the wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.


                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025         75
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     7.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

              Current tax:
                PRC Enterprise Income Tax                        246,130             168,922
                Other jurisdictions                               54,443              26,983

                                                                 300,573             195,905

              Over provision in prior years:
                PRC Enterprise Income Tax                          (6,723)             (7,320)

              Deferred tax:
                Current period                                   (42,422)               7,446

                                                                 251,428             196,031


            The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by the HKICPA in July 2023
            from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in HKAS 12. Accordingly, the
            Group neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and
            liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.


            The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published
            Pillar Two model rules in December 2021, with the effect that a jurisdiction may
            enact domestic tax laws (“Pillar Two legislation”) to implement the Pillar Two model
            rules on a globally agreed common approach. Pillar Two legislation applies to a
            member of a multinational group within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules,
            which the Group is reasonably expected to fall into. It imposes a top-up tax on
            profits arising in a jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate determined by the
            Pillar Two model rules on a jurisdictional basis is below a minimum rate of 15%.




76   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules is
     effective. The Group has reviewed its corporate structure in light of the introduction
     of Pillar Two model rules in various jurisdictions. While such new rules introduce
     complexity into the Group’s calculation of income tax expense, the Group has
     recognised a current tax expense related to the Pillar Two Rules for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025. Due to the novelty and complexity of Pillar Two, the Group
     continues to monitor for advancements and further guidance on Pillar Two rules,
     considering impacts of such developments on its tax expense.


8.   PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

     Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting) the following items:


                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                              2025                     2024
                                                        (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Directors’ remuneration                                  5,156                   2,435
      Other staff’s salaries and allowances                2,232,596               2,071,901
      Other staff’s related welfares and
         benefits                                            156,930                 137,039
      Other staff’s retirement benefits
         scheme contributions                                164,654                 130,166
      Other staff’s share-based payments                      29,787                  15,392

      Total staff costs                                    2,589,123               2,356,933

      Depreciation of property, plant and
        equipment                                            788,380                 678,216
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                     21,318                  23,509
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                 23,056                  24,426
      Amortisation of contract costs                           9,582                   7,324

      Total depreciation and amortisation                    842,336                 733,475

      Cost of inventories recognised                       8,813,909               7,928,777
      Write-down of inventories                               51,301                  39,926
      Reversal of inventories provision                       (4,629)                   (162)



                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025         77
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     9.     DIVIDENDS

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2025                2024
                                                           (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

              Dividends recognised as distribution
                 during the period:
              2024 Final dividend – HK$0.435
                 (2023: Final dividend – Nil) per share        465,211                   –


            On 25 June 2025, a dividend of HK$0.435 per share was paid to shareholders
            as the final dividend for 2024 (No dividend was paid to shareholders as the final
            dividend for 2023).


            The Directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be proposed
            in respect of the interim period for both current and last period.




78   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025



10.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners
      of the Company is based on the following data:


                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                              2025                     2024
                                                        (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

       Earnings
       Earnings for the purpose of calculating
          basic earnings per share                        1,276,562                1,068,192
       Effect of dilutive potential ordinary
          shares:
          Adjustment to the share of profit of
            subsidiaries based on dilution of
            their earnings per share                              (55)                       –

       Earnings for the purpose of calculating
         diluted earnings per share                       1,276,507                1,068,192




                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025         79
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                           ’000                   ’000

                  Number of shares
                  Weighted average number of ordinary
                     shares for the purpose of calculating
                     basic earnings per share (note i)                 1,139,903              1,150,474
                  Effect of dilutive share options and
                     restricted shares (note ii)                            5,433                       –

                  Weighted average number of ordinary
                   shares for the purpose of calculating
                   diluted earnings per share                          1,145,336              1,150,474


            Notes:


            (i)       The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic
                      earnings per share has been adjusted by the number of unvested ordinary shares held
                      by the trustee for the 2020 Share Award Scheme and the number of shares repurchased
                      as of 30 June 2025.


            (ii)      Certain outstanding share options of the Company have not been included in the
                      computation of diluted earnings per share neither for the six months ended 30 June
                      2025 nor for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as they did not have dilutive effect on
                      the Company’s earnings per share because the exercise prices of these options were
                      higher than the average market prices of the Company’s shares during the current and
                      prior interim period.




80   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025



11.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      During the current interim period, the Group spent RMB902,056,000
      (RMB1,093,223,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024) on the construction
      of the manufacturing plant and acquisitions of plant and machinery in the PRC,
      the United States of America, Thailand, Britain, Czech Republic, Germany, Mexico,
      Poland, Japan, France, Korea, Canada and Republic of Serbia, in order to upgrade
      its manufacturing capabilities.


      During the current and last interim period, due to the change of business plan,
      the management of the Group identified certain idle machineries and equipment
      while the Group assessed that they had no alternative plan to use them since
      these assets were all customised machineries and equipment for its certain
      customers. Accordingly, the Group recognised an impairment in respect of these
      idle machineries and equipment in full with carrying amounts of RMB32,117,000
      (RMB5,548,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024) during the current interim
      period.

      During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease
      agreements with lease terms ranged from 1 to 30 years. The Group is required
      to make fixed monthly payments and additional variable payments depending on
      the usage of the assets during the contract period. On lease commencement, the
      Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB19,292,000 (for the six months ended
      30 June 2024: RMB15,232,000) and lease liabilities of RMB19,292,000 (for the six
      months ended 30 June 2024: RMB15,232,000).


      During the current interim period, no new land use rights were acquired in the PRC,
      therefore, none of right-of-use assets (for the six months ended 30 June 2024:
      RMB110,000) in respect of newly obtained land use right located in the PRC was
      recognised by the Group.


      During the current interim period, the Group spent RMB84,776,000 (RMB8,851,000
      for the six months ended 30 June 2024) on the software and patent in the PRC,
      in order to upgrade its digital manufacturing capabilities.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025         81
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     12.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                  At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

                Trade receivables
                   – Associates                                        10,725                   11,515
                   – Joint ventures                                     5,890                   10,671
                   – Other related parties*                             1,071                      810
                   – Third parties                                  5,822,193                5,420,359
                Less: Allowance for credit losses                     (78,013)                 (58,755)

                                                                    5,761,866                5,384,600

                Bills receivables                                            –                    559
                Other receivables                                     170,325                 157,035
                Less: Allowance for credit losses                           –                       –

                                                                      170,325                 157,035

                                                                    5,932,191                5,542,194

                Prepayments to suppliers                            1,100,278                 895,439
                Utility and rental prepayments                         26,550                  37,158
                Prepaid value-added tax recoverable
                   and refundable                                     853,570                 829,000
                Interest receivable                                   186,870                 172,226

                Total trade and other receivables                   8,099,459                7,476,017


            *       The companies are those in which Mr. Chin and his family have control.




82   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2025



      The Group normally grants a credit period of 60 days to 90 days to customers
      effective from the invoice date. The following is an aged analysis of trade
      receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the invoice date
      at the end of the reporting period, which approximated the respective revenue
      recognition dates:


                                                      At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                            2025                  2024
                                                     (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

       Age
       0–90 days                                        4,864,348               4,783,627
       91–180 days                                        675,899                 429,407
       181–365 days                                       173,564                 125,932
       1–2 years                                           44,417                  38,202
       Over 2 years                                         3,638                   7,432

                                                        5,761,866               5,384,600


13.   CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                      At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                            2025                  2024
                                                     (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

       Moulds development                               1,423,800               1,300,783
       Less: Allowance for credit losses                  (13,136)                 (8,016)

                                                        1,410,664               1,292,767

       Analyzed for reporting purposes as:
       Current                                            301,588                 289,026
       Non-current                                      1,109,076               1,003,741

                                                        1,410,664               1,292,767




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025         83
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



            The contract assets are in relation to the Group’s rights to consideration for moulds
            development work which are fully completed and accepted by the customers but
            not billed yet. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables at the time
            the rights to consideration become unconditional as stipulated in the relevant
            contracts.


     14.    IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND
            OTHER ITEMS SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES (“ECL”)
            MODEL

                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

              Impairment losses recognised
                 (reversed) in respect of
              Trade receivables                                    19,060              15,221
              Other receivables                                         –                (668)

                                                                   19,060              14,553


            The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques
            used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended
            30 June 2025 are the same as those followed in the preparation of the Group’s
            annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.




84   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



15.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
      LOSS

                                                                 At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

            Listed equity investments                                309,634                  204,217
               – Equity shares in a PRC A share
                 listed entity (note i)                              293,249                  189,542
               – Equity shares in a non-PRC listed
                 entity (note ii)                                     16,385                   14,675
            Structured deposit (note iii)                          1,114,196                1,060,669

                                                                   1,423,830                1,264,886

            Analyzed for reporting purposes as:
            Current                                                  293,249                  189,542
            Non-current                                            1,130,581                1,075,344

                                                                   1,423,830                1,264,886


      Notes:


      As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the financial asset at FVTPL held by the Group
      are composed of:


      (i)       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in PRC
                A share stock market which are held for trading and measured at fair value through profit
                or loss. During the current interim period, the Group made an additional investment of
                RMB100,039,000 on the entity.


      (ii)      The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in
                Finland NASDAQ HELSINKI (“NASDAQ”) stock market which is established in Finland
                and primarily engaged in producing and sales of nano-material. The Group continuously
                measures such shares at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025         85
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



            (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into structured deposit
                    agreements with two banks with an amount of USD150,000,000 (equivalent to
                    approximately RMB1,073,015,000). The Group continuously measures such deposit
                    at fair value through profit or loss, and gain on fair value changes of USD4,865,000
                    (equivalent to approximately RMB30,338,000) were recognized during the current interim
                    period.


            Details of the fair value measurement of the financial assets at FVTPL are set out in Note 26.


     16.    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
            LIABILITIES

                                                                    At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                   (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

               Derivative financial assets
               Foreign exchange forward contracts (a)                      2,375                      –
               Foreign exchange structural option
                  contracts (b)                                              788                1,671
               Cross-currency swap contracts (c)                               –               19,987
               Interest rate swap contracts (d)                              203                  763
               Forward commodity contracts (e)                               812                    –

                                                                           4,178               22,421

               Derivative financial liabilities
               Foreign exchange forward contracts (a)                      7,347                      –
               Foreign exchange structural option
                 contracts (b)                                            4,108                 5,994
               Cross-currency swap contracts (c)                         11,322                28,637
               Forward commodity contracts (e)                              810                     –

                                                                         23,587                34,631




86   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                         At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                               2025                   2024
                                                        (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000

     Analysed for reporting purposes as:
     Current assets                                             4,178                  21,558
     Non-current assets                                             –                     863

                                                                4,178                  22,421

     Current liabilities                                       23,587                  20,577
     Non-current liabilities                                        –                  14,054

                                                               23,587                  34,631


Notes:


a.        Foreign exchange forward contracts


          As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a number of outstanding foreign exchange forward
          contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB2,375,000 (31 December 2024: Nil), and
          derivative financial liabilities of RMB7,347,000 (31 December 2024: Nil) have been
          recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above foreign exchange forward
          contracts, respectively.


b.        Foreign exchange structural option contracts


          As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a number of foreign exchange structural
          option contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB788,000 (31 December 2024:
          RMB1,671,000), and derivative financial liabilities of RMB4,108,000 (31 December 2024:
          RMB5,994,000) have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above
          options contracts, respectively.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025         87
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



            c.      Cross-currency swap contracts


                    As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a number of cross-currency swap contracts.
                    Derivative financial assets of nil balance (31 December 2024: RMB19,987,000), and
                    derivative financial liabilities of RMB11,322,000 (31 December 2024: RMB28,637,000)
                    have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above cross-currency
                    swap contracts, respectively.


            d.      Interest rate swap contracts


                    As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a number of interest rate swap contracts.
                    Derivative financial assets of RMB203,000 (31 December 2024: RMB763,000) have been
                    recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above interest rate swap contracts.


            e.      Forward commodity contracts


                    As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a number of forward commodity contracts. Derivative
                    financial assets of RMB812,000 (31 December 2024: Nil) and derivative financial liabilities
                    of RMB810,000 (31 December 2024: Nil) have been recognised in accordance with the
                    fair value of the above forward commodity contracts, respectively.




88   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025



17.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                            At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                           (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000
          Trade payables
             – Associates                                        17,365                   25,494
             – Joint ventures                                    67,742                   60,973
             – Other related parties*                             3,662                   11,986
             – Third parties                                  4,499,543                3,886,885
                                                              4,588,312                3,985,338
          Bills payables                                        865,079                 868,761
          Other payables
            – Associates                                              33                      61
            – Joint ventures                                         525                     395
            – Non-controlling shareholders of
                 subsidiaries                                      1,768                   2,528
            – Other related parties*                                 817                     843
                                                                   3,143                   3,827
                                                              5,456,534                4,857,926
          Payroll and welfare payables                          656,772                 808,094
          Consideration payable for acquisition of
             property, plant and equipment                      517,303                 560,130
          Technology support services fees
             payable                                             11,466                  11,804
          Freight and utilities payable                         137,740                 119,140
          Other tax payable                                      72,536                 114,168
          Deposits received                                       5,743                   9,012
          Dividend payables                                      17,936                  17,936
          Others                                                934,981                 762,159
          Total trade and other payables                      7,811,011                7,260,369


      *       The companies are those in which Mr. Chin and his family have control.




                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025         89
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



            The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice
            date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                    2025                2024
                                                             (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
              Age
              0–90 days                                         3,694,327           3,220,295
              91–180 days                                         581,411             486,325
              181–365 days                                        218,048             199,883
              1–2 years                                            80,963              67,045
              Over 2 years                                         13,563              11,790

                                                                4,588,312           3,985,338


     18.    BORROWINGS

            During the current interim period, the Group obtained new borrowings amounting to
            RMB11,912,264,000 (RMB15,607,615,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024).
            The loans bear interest at variable market rates and fixed rates. The proceeds were
            used to provide additional working capital for the Group. Repayments of borrowings
            amounting to RMB11,593,004,000 (RMB15,756,237,000 for the six months ended
            30 June 2024) were made during the current interim period in line with the relevant
            repayment terms.


            In respect of non-current bank loans with carrying amount of RMB292,616,000 as
            at 30 June 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB925,143,000), the Group is required to
            comply with certain financial covenants which are tested on an annual basis as
            long as the loans are outstanding.


            The Group has complied with these covenants at each test date before the end of
            the reporting period end and classified the related bank loans balance as non-current
            liabilities.




90   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2025



19.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                 Number of
                                                    shares          Share capital
                                                      ’000               HK$’000

       Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each


       Authorised:
       At 1 January 2024 (audited), 30 June
          2024 (unaudited), 1 January 2025
          (audited) and 30 June 2025
          (unaudited)                             5,000,000                 500,000


                                                 Number of
                                                    shares          Share capital
                                                      ’000              RMB’000

       Issued and fully paid:

       As at 1 January 2024 (audited), 30 June
         2024 (unaudited) and 1 January 2025
         (audited)                                1,161,994                 116,269
       Exercise of share options                        409                      38

       At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                1,162,403                 116,307




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025         91
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     20.    DEFERRED INCOME

                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                   2025                2024
                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

              Government grants received
                – non-current liabilities                        43,918               20,069


     21.    OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group entered into an agreement
            with a local government agency in the PRC, who agreed to inject capital
            contribution amounting to RMB117,000,000 into Qingyuan Minth Automobile Parts
            Co., Ltd.* (清遠敏實汽車零部件有限公司) (“Qingyuan Minth”), a subsidiary of the
            Group. Pursuant to the capital injection agreement, the local government agency
            would not participate in Qingyuan Minth’s operation and management. The local
            government agency would enforce the right requiring the Group, and the Group is
            obligated, to redeem the capital injection from local government agency within five
            years after the receipt of the capital, together with interest calculated based on
            the below-market interest rate stipulated in the agreement. Therefore, the capital
            injection made by the local government agency is treated as a long-term liability.
            The difference between the present value of the long-term liability based on the
            expected repayment term and its principal amount is accounted for as government
            grant and recorded as deferred income. As at 30 June 2025, the carrying amount
            of this long-term liability together with the interest payable is RMB120,779,000
            (31 December 2024: RMB118,076,000), which will be due within one year as
            disclosed in “Other long-term liabilities due within one year”.




92   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025



During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into an agreement
with local government funds in the PRC to establish a partnership Jiaxing Minth
Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (嘉興敏實定向股
權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Jiaxing Partnership”) with an operation period of
5 years, whose only investment target is Jiaxing Minhua Automotive Parts Co.,
Ltd.* (嘉興敏華汽車零部件有限公司) (“Jiaxing Minhua”), a subsidiary of the Group.
Pursuant to the agreement, the local government funds would contribute capital
amounting to RMB800,000,000 into the Jiaxing Partnership. The local government
funds would neither participate in Jiaxing Partnership’s nor Jiaxing Minhua’s
operation and management. The local government funds would require the Group
and the Group is obligated to redeem RMB800,000,000 of the capital contributed by
the local government funds together with interest calculated based on the market
interest rate, no later than the expiry of the operation period of Jiaxing Partnership.
The interest could be recognised as a reduction of interest expenses incurred under
the terms of the agreement when certain conditions are fulfilled during the operation
period of Jiaxing Partnership. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group
had met certain conditions stipulated in the agreement under which corresponding
government subsidies have been recognised as a reduction of interest expenses
incurred. The Group treated the capital contribution by the local government funds
together with interest payable as a long-term liability and measures corresponding
interest payable on its best estimate. During the current interim period, the Group
has repaid the capital contribution from the local government funds amounting to
RMB800,000,000 while the interest payable amounting to RMB93,000,000 is still
outstanding and under negotiation in respect of the settlement method. Therefore,
such balance of RMB93,100,000 (31 December 2024: RMB893,100,000) was
disclosed in “Other long-term liabilities due within one year”.

*   The English names are for identification purposes only.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025         93
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     22.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

            Share options

            The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “2005 Share Option Scheme”)
            pursuant to a resolution passed on 13 November 2005 for the primary purpose of
            providing incentives to directors and eligible employees, the term of the 2005 Share
            Option Scheme was 10 years. The 2005 Share Option Scheme has been terminated
            and replaced by a new share option scheme, which was approved in the annual
            general meeting held on 22 May 2012 and will be valid for 10 years from the date
            of its adoption (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). The 2012 Share Option Scheme
            has been expired in May 2022, and replaced by a new share option scheme, which
            was approved in the annual general meeting held on 31 May 2022 and will be valid
            for 10 years from the date of its adoption (the “2022 Share Option Scheme”).


            The Group has granted a series of share options in 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2014,
            2015, 2018, 2020 and 2024 under the 2005 Share Option Scheme, the 2012 Share
            Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme, respectively. For details, please
            refer to the relevant published announcements of the Company.

            During the prior interim period, the Group granted 30,000,000 share options to
            certain directors of the Company and employees of the Group under the 2022
            Share Option Scheme on 2 May 2024 with the weighted average fair value at the
            grant date of HK$4.28 per share option, pursuant to which, 30% of the granted
            options can be exercised on or after 5 May 2025, an additional 30% of the granted
            options can be exercised on or after 5 May 2026 and the remaining 40% of
            granted options can be exercised on or after 5 May 2027, at the exercise price of
            HK$14.30 per share.




94   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025



The table below discloses movement of the Company’s share options held by the
grantees:


                                                                      Number of
                                                                    share options

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)                            19,047,000
 Granted during the period                                             30,000,000
 Exercised during the period                                                    –
 Forfeited during the period                                              (538,200)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                            48,508,800


                                                                      Number of
                                                                   share options

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                            47,450,600
 Granted during the period                                                      –
 Exercised during the period                                              (409,400)
 Forfeited during the period                                              (827,200)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                            46,214,000


The Binomial model had been used to estimate the fair value of a series of
share options granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme. The variables and
assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options were based on
the directors’ best estimate. Changes in variables and assumptions may result in
changes in the fair value of the options.


During the current interim period, the weighted average closing price of the
Company’s shares immediately before the dates on which the options were
exercised was HK$21.13 (During the six months ended 30 June 2024, no options
were exercised).


The Group recognised the total expenses of RMB25,523,000 for the current interim
period (RMB10,430,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024) in relation to share
options granted by the Company.




                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025         95
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



            Restricted shares of the Company

            The Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Scheme”) on 28 July 2020, of
            which the purpose is to recognise the contributions by certain eligible participants
            (the “Scheme Participants”) and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
            them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
            suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


            Pursuant to the Scheme, the Board of Directors shall select the Scheme Participants
            and determine the number of shares to be awarded (the “Restricted Shares”). An
            independent trustee appointed by the Board (the “Trustee”) shall purchase from
            the market such number of issued ordinary shares to be awarded as specified by
            the Board.


            In September 2020, the Group has purchased 8,520,000 issued ordinary shares from
            the market through the trustee with the consideration amounted to approximately
            HK$251,265,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB222,075,000). In March 2022,
            the Group has purchased additional 3,000,000 issued ordinary shares from the
            market through the trustee, the consideration for which amounted to approximately
            HK$57,944,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB46,731,000). These ordinary shares
            are held in trust for the relevant Scheme Participants until such shares are vested
            with the Scheme Participants in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.
            Pursuant to the Scheme, in any event, the aggregate number of Shares held by
            the trustee (whether directly or indirectly through other controlled corporations) as
            a whole would not exceed 2% of the issued share capital of the Company at any
            time (on an actual basis as well as on a fully diluted basis).


            As of 30 June 2025, the Group has issued two batches of restricted shares in
            accordance with the Scheme.




96   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025



i)      Restricted Shares 2021

        On 29 March 2021, the Board resolved to approve the initial grant of
        3,000,000 Restricted Shares (“Restricted Shares 2021”) under the Scheme
        to the Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero per Restricted Share,
        and vest over a four-year period that each 50% of the awards vesting on the
        anniversary of the grant date in 36 and 48 months, respectively.


        The fair value of Restricted Shares 2021 with service conditions or
        performance conditions is based on the fair market value of the underlying
        ordinary shares on the date of grant, taking into account the terms and
        conditions upon which the shares were granted.


        As of 30 June 2025, the vesting period for the Restricted Shares 2021 had
        expired. Since certain participants resigned or failed to meet performance
        targets, 1,339,450 restricted shares were vested, while the remaining shares
        were forfeited.


ii)     Restricted Shares 2025

        On 22 January 2025, the Board resolved to approve the grant of 895,000
        Restricted Shares (“Restricted Shares 2025”) under the Scheme to the
        Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero per Restricted Share with the
        vesting period of one year.


        The fair value of Restricted Shares 2025 with service conditions is based on
        the share price of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant, taking
        into account the terms and conditions upon which the shares were granted.

        The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date of
        grant was HK$16.00.


        The fair values of the Restricted Shares 2025 determined at the date of
        grant were HK$16.00.




                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025         97
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                    The table below discloses movement of the Company’s Restricted Shares
                    activity held by the Group’s directors and employees:


                                                                               Number of
                                                                               Restricted
                      Restricted shares 2021                                      Stocks

                      Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)               2,258,000
                      Forfeited during the period                                (45,000)

                      Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)               2,213,000


                                                                              Number of
                                                                               Restricted
                      Restricted shares 2021                                      Stocks

                      Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)               2,032,000
                      Granted during the period                                        –
                      Vested during the period                                 (1,339,450)
                      Forfeited during the period                                (692,550)

                      Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                        –


                                                                              Number of
                                                                               Restricted
                      Restricted shares 2025                                      Stocks

                      Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                        –
                      Granted during the period                                  895,000

                      Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                 895,000


                    The Group recognised the total expenses of RMB6,522,000 for the current
                    interim period (RMB4,411,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024) in
                    relation to restricted share units granted by the Company.




98   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



Restricted shares of United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD.

United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD. (“UATC”), a subsidiary of the Group
announced a share award scheme (the “UATC Scheme”) on 8 June 2022, of which
the purpose is to recognise the contributions by corresponding eligible participants
(the “UATC Scheme Participants”) and to provide them with incentives in order to
retain them for the continual operation and development of UATC.


Pursuant to the UATC Scheme, UATC shall issue new 1,500,000 ordinary shares
with nominal value of New Taiwan Dollar 10. The Board of UATC Directors shall
select the UATC Scheme Participants and determine the number of shares to
be awarded (the “UATC Restricted Shares”). On 20 September 2022, the Board
of UATC resolved to issue 1,500,000 new shares and approve the grant of
corresponding shares to the UATC Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero
per Restricted Share, and vest over a three-year period that 30%, 30% and 40%
of the awards vesting on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date,
respectively.


The fair value of Restricted Shares with service conditions or performance is based
on the share price of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant, taking
into account the terms and conditions upon which the shares were granted.




                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025         99
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



             The following table summarised the UATC’s Restricted Shares activity for the
             current interim period:


                                                                               Number of
                                                                               Restricted
                                                                                  Stocks

               Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 (audited)                       1,082,800
               Granted during the period                                                –
               Vested during the period                                                 –
               Forfeited during the period                                       (170,800)

               Outstanding as at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                         912,000


                                                                              Number of
                                                                               Restricted
                                                                                  Stocks

               Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                       1,064,530
               Granted during the period                                                –
               Vested during the period                                                 –
               Forfeited during the period                                       (216,580)

               Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                         847,950


             UATC recognised the total expenses of RMB368,000 for the current interim period
             (RMB995,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024) in relation to restricted
             share units granted.




100   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025



23.   COMMITMENTS

      As at the end of current interim period, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment
      is shown below:


                                                       At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                             2025                  2024
                                                      (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

       Capital expenditure contracted for
         but not provided in the condensed
         consolidated financial statements in
         respect of:
         Acquisition of property, plant and
            equipment                                     406,547                  468,437




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025         101
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



      24.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED
             TRANSACTIONS

             Save as disclosed elsewhere, the Group has the following significant transactions
             with related/connected parties during the period:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
               Relationship with related/
               connected party                    Nature of transactions               2025          2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000
               Joint ventures, in which the Group Sales of raw materials              1,380         3,817
                  has a 30%, 50% and 51%          Sales of finished goods            14,138        17,779
                  equity interests                Sales of moulds                       246           139
                                                  Purchases of raw materials         31,053        19,763
                                                  Purchases of finished goods       103,505        90,279
                                                  Purchases of moulds                   667         2,141
                                                  Other operating expense               541           722
                                                  Property rentals income             4,096         3,806
                                                  Property rentals expense              634             –
                                                  Other operating income              6,089         4,652
                                                  Proceeds from disposal
                                                    of property, plant and
                                                    equipment                          2,626        1,295
                                                  Consulting services income           3,355        2,169

               Associates, in which the Group     Sales of finished goods                  8            3
                  has a 10%, 30%, 35%, 40%        Sales of raw materials               1,405            –
                  and 49% equity interests        Purchases of raw materials          34,473       28,500
                                                  Purchases of moulds                      –          212
                                                  Purchases of finished goods          2,581            –
                                                  Property rentals income              3,336        1,309
                                                  Other operating income               6,487        6,995
                                                  Other operating expense                  –           74

               Companies in which Mr. Chin and    Sales of raw materials                   –           30
                 his family have control          Sales of finished goods                  –          328
                                                  Purchases of raw materials             868          505
                                                  Purchases of finished goods          4,525        1,761
                                                  Property rentals expenses            4,836        1,691
                                                  Property rentals income                  3            –
                                                  Technology support services
                                                    charge                               343        3,053
                                                  Other operating income               1,740        1,206
                                                  Other operating expense             15,588        7,955
                                                  Purchases of property, plant
                                                    and equipment                        78           182
                                                  Proceeds from disposal
                                                    of property, plant and
                                                    equipment                              –          109



102   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2025



The directors represented that they considered the above transactions were carried
out in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business and in accordance with
the term of agreements governing these transactions.


The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the
period were as follows:


                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                     2025                     2024
                                               (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

 Short-term benefits                                  3,441                    2,877
 Post-employment benefits                                23                       24
 Share-based payments                                 2,952                      451

                                                      6,416                    3,352


The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration
committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025         103
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



      25.    PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS

             Pledge of assets

             The Group’s certain borrowings and bill payables had been secured by the pledge of
             the Group’s assets and the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:


                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                    2025                2024
                                                             (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Pledged bank deposits                            545,537             617,274
                 Pledged debt instruments at FVTOCI                14,778               6,932
                 Pledged property, plant and
                    equipment                                      22,466              21,546
                 Pledged right-of-use assets                        6,034               6,093

                                                                  588,815             651,845


      26.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

             Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
             value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
             about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
             determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and input(s) used), as well as
             the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
             categorised (levels 2 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair
             value measurements is observable.


             •       Level 1 fair value measurements are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                     market for identical assets or liabilities;




104   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2025



•             Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
              quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
              liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
              and


•             Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques
              that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
              market data (unobservable inputs).

    Financial assets/                                                          Fair value   Basis of fair value measurement/valuation
    financial liabilities                           Fair value as at           hierarchy    technique(s) and key input(s)
                                       30 June 2025         31 December 2024
                                       (unaudited)          (audited)
    1) Foreign exchange forward        Assets –            N/A                 Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
         contracts                     RMB2,375,000                                         estimated based on forward exchange rates (from
                                       Liabilities –                                        observable forward exchange rates at the end
                                       RMB7,347,000                                         of the reporting period) and contracted forward
                                                                                            rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                            risk of various counterparties.

    2) Interest rate swaps contracts   Assets –            Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                       RMB203,000          RMB763,000                       estimated based on applicable yield curves
                                                                                            derived from quoted interest rates and contracted
                                                                                            interest rates on each maturity date and
                                                                                            contracted forward interest rate at the end of
                                                                                            the final maturity date, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                            reflects the credit risk of various counterparties.

    3) Cross-currency swap contracts   Liabilities –       Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                       RMB11,322,000       RMB19,987,000                    estimated based on applicable yield curves
                                                           Liabilities –                    derived from quoted interest rates, contracted
                                                           RMB28,637,000                    interest rates on each maturity date and forward
                                                                                            exchange rate and contracted forward rate at
                                                                                            the end of the final maturity date, discounted
                                                                                            at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                            counterparties.

    4) Forward commodity contracts     Assets –            N/A                 Level 3      Discounted cash flow, and the key parameters
                                       RMB812,000                                           used include risk-free rate, volatility, time
                                       Liabilities –                                        to maturity and the settlement price at the
                                       RMB810,000                                           delivery date.

    5) Debt instruments at FVTOCI      Assets –            Assets –            Level 2      Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                       RMB334,688,000      RMB314,881,000                   estimated based on discount rate observed in the
                                                                                            available market.
    6) Foreign exchange structural     Assets –            Assets –            Level 3      Fair value is derived using binomial tree
         option contracts              RMB788,000          RMB1,671,000                     computation method. The key parameters used
                                       Liabilities –       Liabilities –                    include forward exchange rates (from observable
                                       RMB4,108,000        RMB5,994,000                     forward exchange rate at the end of the reporting
                                                                                            period), contracted exchange rates, discount rate,
                                                                                            risk-free rate, time to maturity, and volatility.

    7) Financial assets at FVTPL       Assets –            Assets –            Level 1      Calculated based on active market quoted
                                       RMB309,634,000      RMB204,217,000                   transaction price.

    8) Financial assets at FVTPL       Assets –            Assets –            Level 3      Discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                       RMB1,114,196,000    RMB1,060,669,000                 and volatility. Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                            based on estimated return.


                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025                       105
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



             The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
             and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated
             financial statements approximate their fair values.


             Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement:

                                                            Assets                          Liabilities
                                                Foreign                                Foreign
                                              exchange                               exchange
                                              structural   Financial      Forward    structural      Forward
                                                 option      assets     commodity       option    commodity
                                              contracts    at FVTPL      contracts   contracts      contracts
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000

               Balance as at 1 January
                   2024 (audited)                     –      29,578              –         (67)              –
               Fair value changes                 2,499       5,819              –      (2,664)              –
               Settlements                            –       (6,000)            –          67               –
               Exchange adjustments                   –         (217)            –           –               –

               Balance as at 30 June
                   2024 (unaudited)               2,499      29,180              –      (2,664)              –

               Balance as at 1 January
                   2025 (audited)                 1,671    1,060,669             –      (5,994)              –
               Fair value changes                   788      30,338           812       (4,108)           (810)
               Settlements                       (1,671)          –             –        5,994               –
               Exchange adjustments                   –      23,189              –           –               –

               Balance as at 30 June
                   2025 (unaudited)                 788    1,114,196          812       (4,108)           (810)



             Of the total gains or losses for the period included in profit or loss, unrealised
             gain of RMB27,020,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: unrealised gain of
             RMB5,654,000) relates to foreign exchange structural option contracts and financial
             assets at FVTPL held at the end of the current interim period. Fair value gains or
             losses on foreign exchange structural option contracts and financial assets at FVTPL
             are included in “other gains and losses”.




106   MINTH GROUP LIMITED
