（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                                     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
 股份代號：425                                            Stock Code: 425




                          INTERIM REPORT 中期報告 2026

                   中期報告                                                                                            Interim Report
CORE VALUES
 Integrity       Teamwork
 Trust           Drive Transformation




              VISION
              Create beauty in motion with
              intelligence




 MISSION
 To make automobiles lighter,
 smarter, and beautiful




                     This Interim report is printed
                     on environmental paper
    CONTENTS
2         Corporate Information

4         Management Discussion and Analysis

57        Other Information

          Report on Review of Condensed
65
          Consolidated Financial Statements

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
67        Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
          Income

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
69
          Financial Position

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
71
          Changes in Equity

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
74
          Cash Flows

          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
76
          Financial Statements

*    Should there be any discrepancy between the English and
     Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.
  CORPORATE INFORMATION


  THE BOARD                                GROUP HEADQUARTER

  Executive directors                      3/F, No. 19 Lane 146, Xinhu 2nd Road
                                           Neihu District, Taipei City
  Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and          Postal Code 114065
    Chief Executive Officer)               Website: www.minthgroup.com
  Zhang Yuxia
  William Chin                             REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS
  Xu Hailan (appointed on 30 June 2026)
  Ye Guo Qiang (retired on 30 June 2026)   Asia-Pacific
                                           No. 1 Yazhong Road, Nanhu District
  Non-executive director                   Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province
                                           Postal Code 314006
  Chin Chien Ya                            China
                                           Tel: (86 573) 8368–6700
  Independent non-executive directors
                                           North America
  Mok Kwai Pui Bill                        51331 Pontiac Trail, Wixom
  Tatsunobu Sako                           Michigan, 48393, USA
  Meng Li Qiu
  Chan Pak Hung                            Europe
  Hu Ting Wu                               Carl-von-Linde-Str. 38, 85716
                                           Unterschleißheim, Germany
  COMPANY SECRETARY
                                           OFFICE IN HONG KONG
  Yi Lei Li
                                           7/F., K11 Atelier, Victoria Dockside
  REGISTERED OFFICE                        No. 18 Salisbury Road
                                           Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong
  Cricket Square
  Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681
  Grand Cayman KY1-1111
  Cayman Islands




2 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL BANKERS                    AUDITOR

Bank of China                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Ningbo Development Zone sub-branch   Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
21 Donghai Road                      35/F, One Pacific Place
Ningbo Economic and Technological    88 Queensway
  Development Zone                   Hong Kong
China
                                     LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE
Citibank N.A.                        COMPANY
Hong Kong Branch
44/F Citibank Tower                  As to Hong Kong Law
No. 3 Garden Road                    Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
Central, Hong Kong                   17/F, One Island East
                                     Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                     As to Cayman Islands Law
Suntera (Cayman) Limited             Conyers Dill & Pearman
Suite 3204, Unit 2A                  Century Yard, Cricket Square
Block 3, Building D                  Hutchins Drive, George Town
P.O. Box 1586                        Grand Cayman, British West Indies
Gardenia Court
Camana Bay                           STOCK CODE
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
Cayman Islands                       SEHK Code: 0425


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE

Computershare Hong Kong Investor
  Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai, Hong Kong


                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026       3
  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


  INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

  During the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Review Period”), according to GlobalData
  statistics, global light vehicle sales amounted to approximately 42,770,000 units,
  representing a year-on-year decrease of about 3.9%, with an overall trend of “sluggish
  growth and deep regional divergence.”


  During the Review Period, according to European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association
  (“ACEA”) statistics, new car registrations in the European markets, including the
  European Union, European Free Trade Association and the United Kingdom, were
  approximately 7,232,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of about 6.1%. Despite
  macroeconomic weakness and geopolitical conflicts in the Middle East, the positive growth
  in Europe was mainly driven by accelerated demand release for battery electric vehicle
  (“BEV”) models. ACEA data show that internal combustion engine (“ICE”) vehicle sales
  in Europe during the Review Period were approximately 2,210,000 units, down by about
  16.5% year-on-year, indicating continued contraction of the traditional ICE model market;
  supported mainly by market incentives, strong consumer demand for various electrification
  technologies continued to benefit the market, with BEV sales of approximately 1,608,000
  units, representing a year-on-year increase of about 35.1%; hybrid electric vehicle (“HEV”)
  sales were approximately 2,672,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of about
  12.1%; and plug-in hybrid electric vehicle sales were approximately 742,000 units,
  representing a year-on-year increase of about 24.8%. In terms of competitive landscape,
  European local automakers continued to dominate the market with their deep-rooted
  channels and customer base. ACEA data show that registration volume for European local
  automakers during the Review Period was approximately 4,780,000 units, with a market
  share of approximately 67%. At the same time, Chinese brands, leveraging mature electric
  powertrain technology, leading intelligent cockpit solutions, and rigorous cost control
  across the value chain, achieved a historic breakthrough in the European market, with
  about 560,000 units registered, representing a significant year-on-year growth of about
  109% and a market share of about 8%, second only to Japanese brands. During the
  Review Period, according to Marklines data, sales of passenger vehicles in the Europe,
  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) market were approximately 9,640,000 units, representing
  a year-on-year increase of about 1.7%.




4 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In terms of the US market, during the Review Period, according to Marklines statistics,
light vehicle sales during the Review Period were approximately 7,917,000 units,
representing a year-on-year decrease of about 2.6%. Although sales rebounded slightly
in the second quarter, the overall downward trend in the first half of the year was not
reversed. During the Review Period, the new vehicle sales in the US market exhibited a
sharp divergence in powertrain. Demand for ICE models continued to weaken; according
to Marklines data, ICE model sales during the Review Period were about 6,018,000
units, down by about 3.1% year-on-year. In contrast, HEV models saw strong growth,
with sales of approximately 1,159,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of
about 24.0%; sales of BEVs, affected by the cancellation of federal tax credits and other
factors, were about 471,000 units, down by about 24.0% year-on-year. During the Review
Period, the differentiated performance of powertrain technologies directly reshaped the
market landscape. According to Marklines, American brands had a market share of 40.1%,
down by about 1.4 percentage points year-on-year; Japanese brands, benefited from
accumulated HEV technology and product advantages, increased their market share to
about 38.5%, up by about 1.0 percentage point year-on-year; Korean brands also benefited
from strong demand for HEVs, raising their market share to approximately 11.6%, up by
about 0.7 percentage point year-on-year.

During the Review Period, the Chinese passenger vehicle market was characterized by
“domestic demand under pressure, robust exports, and deep structural divergence.”
According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (“CAAM”), during the
Review Period, production and sales of passenger vehicles in China totaled approximately
12,721,000 units and 12,720,000 units respectively, representing year-on-year decreases of
about 5.9% and 6.0%, respectively; among them, domestic sales were about 8,288,000
units, a year-on-year decrease of about 24.3%. Exports became the main growth driver
for the industry during the Review Period, forming a distinct contrast with the short-term
domestic market adjustment. Data from CAAM showed that during the Review Period,
passenger vehicle exports were about 4,432,000 units, up about 71.7% year-on-year.
During the Review Period, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles (“NEV”) continued
to climb. CAAM data showed that NEV sales during the Review Period were about
7,446,000 units, with an increase of about 7.3% year-on-year, accounting for about 49.6%
of total new car sales. With the rapid development of the NEV market, the divergence
between Chinese and joint-venture brands further intensified. CAAM data showed that
during the Review Period, the market share of Chinese brands rose to 71.8%, with
an increase of about 3.3 percentage points year-on-year; German and Japanese brands
accounted for 9.9% and 8.4%, respectively, down by about 3.2 and 1.2 percentage points
year-on-year; American brands’ market share was 6.9%, up by about 1.0 percentage point
year-on-year; and Korean brands maintained a market share of 1.7%.



                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026        5
  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



  COMPANY OVERVIEW

  Minth Group Limited (the “Company”) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the
  “Group”) is primarily engaged in two major businesses, namely the research and
  development (“R&D”), production, and sales of auto parts, as well as that of toolings and
  moulds. The auto part business of the Group mainly includes metal and trim products,
  plastic products, aluminum products, and body structure products. The tooling and mould
  business mainly includes various moulds, gauges, and fixtures for the development,
  processing, and production of automobile exterior decorative parts and body structural
  parts. Meanwhile, the Group is actively tapping into new emerging sectors and products
  to drive the development of its second growth curve, focusing on R&D and expansion in
  new fields such as artificial intelligence (“AI”), robotics, low-altitude economy, and smart
  mobility. As a globally localized supplier, the Group has established presence through the
  development of R&D, design, production and sales networks in Canada, China, France,
  Germany, Japan, Mexico, Morocco, Poland, Serbia, South Korea, Thailand, the Czech
  Republic, the United Kingdom and the United States, committed to continuously providing
  customers with high-quality products and services.


  During the Review Period, the four product business units (“BUs”) of the Group, namely
  plastics products, aluminum products, metal and trim products, and body structure products,
  continued to optimize organizational synergy and order intake mechanisms, maintaining
  effective collaboration with cross-functional departments to further enhance overall
  operational efficiency. The Group continued to deepen the flexible production network of
  “production hub + satellite factories” in its global operating regions, implementing the
  GLOCAL (globalization + localization) operation philosophy to continuously optimize the
  dual mechanism of global resource allocation and regional autonomous operation, thereby
  achieving synergistic improvement in both global vision and local penetration. During
  the Review Period, the Group continued to integrate cross-border operating experience
  with local practices, building a diversified supply network and further strengthening its
  comprehensive competitive edge in strategic layout, technological innovation, product
  matrix, resource synergy, and talent pipeline construction.




6 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the global macro environment and the development trends
of the automotive industry continued to evolve, with fluctuations in regional geopolitical
situations and regional policy orientations affecting the restructuring of global supply
chains. The rapid development of the AI industry has had a significant impact on the
operating models and resource acquisition of related sectors. Despite these external
changes, the Group leveraged its relatively comprehensive global layout and cross-regional
coordination capabilities, continuously strengthening supply chain stability, customer
communication, delivery collaboration, and risk contingency management. As a result,
the Group maintained stable overall operations during the Review Period, demonstrating
strong operational resilience and stability under its globalized layout. During the Review
Period, the Group’s revenue recorded steady growth, profitability improved against the
market trend, operational quality continued to enhance, and long-term capabilities were
accumulated at an accelerated pace. Each BU achieved positive progress in areas such
as cost control, quality improvement, inventory optimization, global capacity coordination,
and digitalization. The Group’s operational improvement is also transitioning from a
reliance primarily on scale expansion in past years to a development stage focusing on
the synergistic enhancement of profitability quality, operational efficiency, cash efficiency,
and medium-to-long-term capability building.

During the Review Period, the Group continued to establish a systematic asset life-cycle
management process, further optimizing its global capacity layout. The Group prudently
planned additional capacity and related investments in accordance with changes in global
trade policies and actual business needs. Based on previous new business intakes and
potential future orders, the Group will systematically improve capacity layout in North
America, Europe, Southeast Asia, Morocco, and other regions to support regional business
growth and further enhance the Group’s global localized supply capabilities. The funding for
these investments is primarily expected to come from the Group’s operating cash inflows.

During the Review Period, the Group further deepened its operational excellence
system, promoted lean management upgrades across the entire value chain, and
advanced multi-dimensional cost-reduction and efficiency-enhancement projects to build
more resilient and comprehensive cost competitiveness, supporting steady profitability
improvements. Meanwhile, the Group continuously optimized processes, manufacturing
technologies, and production models to enhance overall product competitiveness and
solidify its capability to further deepen its penetration at the customers’ end. The Group
maintained regular communication with customers, identifying customer needs from the
perspectives of product, technology and material innovation, and is committed to providing
systematic solutions for both ICE and NEV models of its customers.



                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026         7
  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


  The Group continued to drive digital transformation, gradually upgrading to data-driven
  operations and decision making. During the Review Period, by deepening the application
  of various digital systems, the Group promoted digital design and development covering
  the full life cycle of product manufacturing, fixed assets, and R&D data, thus laying a
  solid foundation for comprehensive digital management and overall operational efficiency.
  The Group continued the global unified deployment of its SAP system across all factories,
  enhancing the standardization and visualization of operational data; improved the industrial
  Internet of Things (“IoT”) platform to integrate the entire production data loop; focused
  on building digital benchmark factories, deepening AI technology application and data
  transparency management, and improving real-time decision-making efficiency. At the
  same time, the Group also focused on fostering a digital mindset across its workforce
  through specialised talent development programmes and partner empowerment initiatives,
  gradually building a collaborative and innovative digital culture to support global operations
  and long-term development.


  During the Review Period, the Group, with a focus on “strategic leadership, precise
  control, and continuous improvement”, actively promoted environmental, social and
  governance (“ESG”) management from macro-level planning to refined, normalized
  operations, continuously deepening the integration of ESG and corporate operations,
  and leveraging digital and intelligent applications to enhance the Group’s sustainable
  development capabilities. With its ongoing deepening ESG practices and favorable
  management outcomes, the Group received an MSCI ESG Rating of A for the first time
  during the Review Period, fully reflecting the recognition of the capital market for the
  Group’s sustainable development capabilities, and providing strong support for the Group’s
  continued excellent development.




8 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, on environmental and climate response topics, the Group
advanced a low-carbon transition aligned with its 2040 and 2050 carbon neutrality targets,
and gradually fleshed out the construction of a global carbon platform, encompassing
Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3, and product carbon footprint, and covering the Group’s major
global production bases. Building on this foundation, the Group has continued to improve
its carbon data accuracy and traceability. Meanwhile, through various approaches such
as procurement of renewable electricity, deployment of distributed photovoltaic facilities
within its production sites, and iterative green manufacturing processes, the Group
drove carbon reduction in its operations. The Group extended product life cycle carbon
management to its supply chain, along with its low-carbon material solutions such as
green aluminum and bio-based materials which achieved technical breakthroughs in the
previous year, to promote active value chain collaboration in response to climate change.


In terms of social responsibility topics, the Group continued to promote ESG competency
building, conducting tiered and categorized ESG training courses for all employees, covering
both management and frontline staff, constantly enhancing the overall sustainability
awareness and daily ESG management capability of its staff. The Group further deepened
human rights risk management, combining multinational operation experience and local
practices under the GLOCAL business philosophy, strengthening comprehensive risk
management capabilities through onsite audits and workshops in select regions. In
addition, the Group continually deepened cooperation with customers, suppliers, and other
stakeholders, systematically cascading ESG requirements upstream along the supply chain
through universal supplier ESG training and empowerment, and enhanced ESG audit for
core suppliers, jointly building a resilient supply chain.


On the topic of corporate governance, the Group continuously optimized its ESG
governance structure, established ESG quarterly performance evaluation mechanisms
covering all departments, and integrated key ESG performance indicators into daily
operations and performance assessment to promote deeper integration of sustainable
development concepts with business decision-making. The ESG Department and the Risk
and Governance Department of the Group broke through functional barriers, gradually
achieving full life cycle risk management of business ethics through a dual drive of
“auditing penetration” and “cultural immersion”, comprehensively reinforcing protection
against corruption, money laundering, and unfair competition.




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026        9
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Looking ahead, the Group will continue to deepen its ESG strategy, working with all
   stakeholders to jointly promote its high-quality and sustainable development.


   During the Review Period, the Group strictly adhered to the “Minth Group Internal
   Control and Risk Management System” and the “Minth Group Internal Control and Risk
   Management Guidelines”. Building upon its existing internal control and risk management
   effectiveness, and closely aligning with its global development strategy, the Group
   comprehensively advanced digital transformation, and continuously upgraded its risk
   control system toward intelligentization. Leveraging big data analytics and AI algorithms,
   the risk identification model of the Group has shifted from reactive to proactive prediction
   and in-process warning, significantly improving response efficiency and predictive accuracy.
   Each business team dynamically updates the risk mapping based on real-time operational
   data and promotes the regular maintenance of the risk database to ensure that control
   measures are followed up in a timely and accurate manner. In terms of process control,
   the internal control system is further integrated into core business processes. Leveraging
   process automation and business rule settings, rigid system constraints are implemented
   at key control points, while reasonable flexibility is retained for business operations,
   effectively balancing operational efficiency and compliance requirements. Relying on global
   deployment, the Group continues to advance full audit coverage in the Asia-Pacific, Europe,
   and North America regions, expanding the breadth and depth of supervision through the
   synergistic operation of process audits and onsite inspections, effectively preventing
   cross-border operational risks. All subsidiaries of the Group strictly implement the
   requirements of the ISO37001 Anti-bribery Management System and extend compliance
   management to key suppliers, building a comprehensive integrity ecosystem covering the
   entire value chain. The whistleblowing mechanism is also optimized, with full-process
   tracking and closed-loop management for reported matters, strengthened protection and
   incentives for whistleblowers, and an active compliance organizational atmosphere. Based
   on these measures, the Group will continue to iterate its management system dynamically,
   with a focus on risk control and operational efficiency, driven by both digitalization and
   globalization, to empower the Group’s sustainable development and create long-term
   value for all stakeholders.




10 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS AND OPERATION LAYOUT

During the Review Period, the Group achieved its revenue of approximately
RMB13,408,353,000, representing an increase of about 9.1% compared to approximately
RMB12,286,969,000 for the same period in 2025. Facing a complex and changing macro
environment, the Group demonstrated strong resilience in overall operations, maintaining
steady growth in global revenue. In particular, the EMEA market stood out and served
as a significant growth engine of the Group during the Review Period.


During the Review Period, the Group’s regional performance was as follows:


EMEA market: the revenue was approximately RMB4,936,579,000, with an increase of
about 16.0% from approximately RMB4,257,051,000 for the same period in 2025. The
growth was mainly driven by the continued expansion of the European electric vehicle
market under the dual drive of policy incentives and consumption transformation. By
seizing structural growth opportunities and leveraging the established localized production
capacity and batch delivery of battery housing orders, the Group experienced solid revenue
growth in EMEA market, which provided strong support for its overall performance.

China market: the revenue was approximately RMB4,281,292,000, with a decrease of
about 0.6% compared with approximately RMB4,306,273,000 for the same period in
2025. In the face of challenges from weak domestic demand, the Group effectively offset
market downward pressure through diversified business development and optimization of
customer structure, maintaining overall stable operations.


Americas market: the revenue was approximately RMB3,308,828,000, with an increase
of about 8.5% from approximately RMB3,049,324,000 for the same period in 2025. This
was mainly due to the continuous and steady growth of exterior parts business, while the
battery housing and body structural parts businesses also entered the mass production
and delivery stage. With further enhancements in localized operational capabilities and
core product competitiveness, the Group’s business structure has become increasingly
diversified.


Japan and Korea market: the revenue was approximately RMB672,904,000, with an
increase of about 48.8% from approximately RMB452,184,000 for the same period in
2025, mainly attributable to the smooth mass production of battery housing business for
the Japanese customers, bringing new momentum for regional revenue growth.


                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026        11
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Other markets: the revenue was approximately RMB208,750,000, with a decrease of
   about 6.0% compared to approximately RMB222,137,000 for the same period in 2025.

   During the Review Period, the Group continued to steadily proceed with its new order
   intakes. In response to the differentiated performance of various OEMs in different
   markets, the Group adjusted its business strategies in a timely manner to ensure a
   balanced and robust overall layout. During the Review Period, significant breakthroughs
   were achieved in battery housing and body and chassis structural parts. Following the
   successful order wins of Toyota’s battery housing business in the Japanese market and
   structural parts business in the European market, the Group further secured Toyota’s
   battery housing and chassis structural parts business from their Shanghai plant and
   structural parts business in Japan. At the same time, the Group obtained its first bumper
   beam business from Mercedes-Benz and HEV battery housing business from Honda. In
   addition, the Group successfully secured battery housing orders for the best-selling models
   of Hyundai-Kia in Europe, becoming their largest battery housing supplier in the European
   market. The Group also continued to expand its market share for the aforesaid products
   among customers such as Volkswagen, BYD, Geely, Changan, and Great Wall Motor.
   During the Review Period, the Group further deepened its joint technology innovation
   partnership with its customers.

   During the Review Period, the Group continued to strengthen the new orders intake for
   smart exterior and traditional products under plastic parts business, making good progress
   and securing first orders from multiple customers. These include, among others, grilles
   for Volkswagen North America, front and rear bumpers and spoilers for Hyundai-Kia in
   Americas market, bumpers for Toyota Shanghai plant and FAW Toyota, complete vehicle
   interior chromed parts for Leapmotor, and plastic guide rails for Chery. In terms of smart
   decorative parts business, the Group continued to receive orders for smart interior and
   exterior products from customers such as SAIC Volkswagen, SAIC General Motors, Geely,
   Great Wall Motor, and Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance (HIMA). Meanwhile, the Group
   steadily advanced the acquisition of new business for other exterior parts and actively
   explored diversified development paths while consolidating its core business. Leveraging
   mature experience and product advantages accumulated in the China market, the Group’s
   market share in sealing systems and quarter window business continued to expand, with
   new breakthroughs among customers such as Mercedes-Benz, Renault, BYD, Toyota, and
   XPeng. A diversified product portfolio and an increasingly balanced customer structure
   have not only enhanced the Group’s market competitiveness but also strengthened its
   ability to withstand market risks, providing a strong guarantee for the Group’s long-term
   and stable development.



12 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, the body structure BU continued to maintain strong development
resilience despite a complex external environment. Relying on a global customer base,
project management capabilities, technical reserves and localized delivery capabilities, this
BU achieved positive progress in Europe, North America and China markets. In particular,
the Group’s business in the European market showed stable growth underpinned by
established customer base and policy support; in the North America market the Group
achieved significant breakthroughs in business expansion among key customers, new
project acquisition, and local capacity building; and in the China market the Group
experienced successful launch of several strategic projects for Chinese brands. These
three regional markets together constitute the main growth drivers for the body structure
BU and also reflect the effectiveness of the Group’s global deployment and regional
collaborative business strategies. Meanwhile, this BU continues capability building around
concurrent design, technological breakthroughs, extreme cost reduction, global capacity
layout, and quality management initiatives, and further refines the product portfolio in key
areas such as battery housings, structural parts, energy storage enclosures and related
structures, as well as high-strength steel and magnesium alloy applications.


During the Review Period, the plastic BU maintained a strong growth momentum, with
revenue, profit, and gross profit margin all improving, demonstrating strong business
resilience and product competitiveness. The plastic BU continued to focus on expanding
its product portfolio around key areas such as tailgate systems, bumper assemblies,
grilles, active grille shutters, lightings, interior assemblies and related products as well
as composite material products, further enhancing system integration supply capabilities
and the proportion of high value-added products. Notably, in terms of lighting products,
progress was made for customers in both China and international markets, and by
leveraging the Group’s inhouse R&D and manufacturing and integration capabilities in core
components and innovative surface treatment, product competitiveness continued to be
strengthened. Meanwhile, this BU continued to promote the application of AI, construction
of manufacturing execution system (MES)/IoT systems, automation upgrades, and process
simulation optimization, driving continuous improvements in the efficiency of new project
launch, manufacturing efficiency, and quality traceability. With these capabilities gradually
solidifying, the plastic BU exhibited a continuous improvement trend in customer response
efficiency, operational efficiency, and overall profitability.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        13
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   During the Review Period, the aluminium BU and metal and trim BU remained relatively
   stable in overall business scale. In particular, the aluminium BU, whilst facing pressures
   arising from changes in market dynamics and rising aluminium prices during the Review
   Period, continued to drive improvements across the entire supply chain, resulting
   in a steady improvement in operational quality. In response to the cost implications
   of aluminium price surge, the Group continued to drive procurement synergies, raw
   material price linkage, optimisation of materials and design, process improvements and
   yield rate enhancements. It also actively mitigated the impact of external cost volatility
   through measures such as optimising inventory structure, reducing logistics costs, energy
   substitution, improving asset efficiency and regional collaborative manufacturing. At the
   same time, continued progress was made in areas such as quality improvement, inventory
   management, safety and environmental protection, and energy consumption optimisation,
   with operational management further focusing on high-quality development. The metal and
   trim BU remained relatively stable in its overall operations during the Review Period, whilst
   continuing to advance relevant strategic initiatives centered on optimising the business
   structure and building momentum for medium- to long-term growth. During the Review
   Period, this BU actively expanded its ‘second curve’ product portfolio, which includes
   energy storage cabinets, electromechanical products, rubber sealing systems, glass and
   quarter window assemblies, and system integration products. It continued to foster new
   products and business directions, laying the foundation for future business growth and
   product structure optimisation.


   During the Review Period, the Group continued to deeply implement the GLOCAL
   philosophy into operational practices, further enhancing international operational capabilities
   through global resource coordination and local market cultivation. The Group continued
   to integrate global resources, promote cross-regional talent development and knowledge
   replication, and assembled multidisciplinary core talents into cross-functional teams to
   flexibly respond to phased and regional demands. As international business continued
   to grow, the Group strategically strengthened capacity allocation and local production in
   North America, Europe, and other key regions, further increasing the proportion of local
   supply to better respond to changes in trade policies, geopolitical factors, and customers’
   global deployment needs.




14 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group continued to enhance the management skills of its factories globally, built
benchmark factories and promoted their management models, and employed the
experience from the benchmark factories in terms of operation, technology and innovation
to empower its global operations. During the Review Period, the Group’s global factories
made comprehensive use of the advantageous resources of various locations to pursue
local excellence, prioritizing to improve the process planning, production efficiency, product
yield, and capacity utilisation rate for products with more complex processes, so as to
achieve a comprehensive improvement in technology, quality, and production processes.


During the Review Period, the Group further optimized its organizational structure,
continually strengthened the coordination of BU with related R&D, business, and
manufacturing resources to enhance order acquisition, product design, and mass
production ramp-up efficiency. The Group also continued to optimize the operation
efficiency of its global factories through systematic optimization and technological
innovation, thereby consistently improving production efficiency and quality management.
In terms of cost reduction and efficiency improvement, special improvement initiatives
were continually promoted at multiple factories, driving steady increases in per capita
output value through waste recycling, process efficiency improvement, moderate
automation upgrades, production line benchmarking for higher production efficiency, and
organizational optimization. In quality management, the Group actively promoted the full
lifecycle quality management mechanism and the cultivation of a zero-defect culture,
continuously conducting targeted improvements for key deficient process steps, core
manufacturing processes, and critical quality control points. By implementing digitalized
operations monitoring and a company-wide improvement proposal mechanism, the Group
further consolidated the culture of continuous improvement, with significant improvements
especially in its international factories.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026         15
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   During the Review Period, the Group continued to implement its asset-light strategy,
   strictly reviewing the rationality and necessity of new production capacity. By reducing
   dedicated production lines, enhancing line flexibility, promoting global capacity allocation,
   and strengthening investment return management, capacity utilization was improved. At
   the same time, the Group reduced new investment requirements through technological
   transformation, and actively evaluated feasible solutions such as introduction of
   second-hand equipment and revitalization of existing assets to compress non-essential
   capital expenditures. With the continuous changes in the global economic and operating
   environment, the Group will continue to dynamically adjust its investment plans based on
   market demand and business developments, enhance investment efficiency, and support
   stable business growth.


   The Group also continued to advance sustainability-related operations by increasing the
   recycling and reuse of waste and scrap, including aluminium, stainless steel, plastics,
   and chemicals related to surface treatment wherever feasible; meanwhile, continually
   promoting energy-saving and carbon-reduction, residual energy utilization, and photovoltaic
   construction to raise the proportion of green energy usage. These measures contribute
   to reducing operating costs, improving resource use efficiency, and further enhancing the
   Group’s overall competitiveness in sustainable development.


   The global macro environment and automotive industry development trends continue to
   undergo changes. During the Review Period, geopolitical conflicts, raw material price
   fluctuations, and regional market uncertainties continued to impact the global supply chain
   and operating environment. In the face of these challenges, the Group, leveraging its
   relatively comprehensive global layout, continued to optimize local operations and increase
   the proportion of local supply, while maintaining timely communication with customers
   regarding supply assurance, logistics arrangements, cost changes, and risk response,
   constantly seeking optimal business strategies amid external risks. On the other hand,
   the Group has always been committed to diversified business and market development,
   maintaining a relatively balanced layout in China, Europe, North America, and Asia-Pacific,
   thereby keeping the overall impact of related uncertainties on operations within a
   controllable range. During the Review Period, despite a number of external uncertainties,
   the Group still maintained steady business development and remained committed to
   creating long-term and stable returns for shareholders and other stakeholders.




16 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

R&D and innovation are important pillars to corporate development and the Group attaches
great importance to R&D planning. The Group had actively responded to the changes and
developments in the automobile industry by laying down an innovation-driven strategy,
optimising the structure of R&D organisations, strengthening the in-house R&D and
innovative research capability in respect of basic materials, products and technologies,
and continuing its investments in R&D. Through in-depth exchange with customers such
as traditional OEMs, NEV start-ups and battery makers, the Group strived to deeply
understand the differences in product and technology requirements of various customers
and the development trend; and through proactive self-innovation and cooperation with
leading enterprises globally, to promote technical breakthrough of processing technology.
The Group prospectively improved the R&D capability and management efficiency as a
whole to further solidify its presence in core components for NEVs and ICE vehicles
and to promote the integration of intelligent products and exterior decorative parts, thus
consolidating its position as a core strategic partner to OEM customers. The Group
continues to engage in innovative R&D and deployment, devote itself to the business
development of products including battery housings, body and chassis structural parts
and intelligent integrated exterior decorative parts, and contribute to the evolution of
the automobile industry towards low carbon and intelligence. The Group has achieved
tremendous milestones in these fields, which lays a solid foundation for the Group’s
future sustainable development.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026        17
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   During the Review Period, the Group continued to secure project awards from traditional
   automakers, NEV start-ups and battery makers, further consolidating its leading position
   as one of the world’s largest battery housing suppliers. The Group continued to advance
   technological R&D and innovation in battery housings and body and chassis structural
   components, providing multi-material and lightweight product solutions in response to
   requirements in terms of vehicle body structure, battery cell adaptation, and battery safety
   protection. These solutions meet both cell-to-body (CTB) and the latest safety standards
   for power batteries used in electric vehicles, continuously delivering innovative solutions to
   customers. The Group also achieved major breakthroughs in processes and technologies
   for 1,500MPa ultra-high strength martensitic steel, magnesium alloy casting, and aluminum
   extrusion of cell structural parts. At the same time, the Group focused on expanding
   its battery housing business for Chinese customers, alongside growing its international
   business for energy storage system structural parts and cell structural parts, gradually
   establishing another growth driver for the Group. The Group also continuously expanded
   into complementary products of battery housings, successfully developing products
   including liquid cooling plates, front and rear crash modules, sub-frames, die-cast structural
   parts, motor brackets, and sill beams, and has successively secured orders. This facilitates
   the Group to gradually achieve the integration of battery housing and body and chassis
   structure and is also expected to drive a significant increase in dollar content per vehicle.




18 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In the field of intelligent interiors and exteriors, the Group has focused on the R&D
of front face systems, side system, plastic tailgate systems, and intelligent interior
systems, comprehensively realizing the intelligent upgrade of interiors and exteriors. The
Group has proactively developed integrated smart front face solutions featuring functions
such as illumination, heating, wave transmission, and automatic cleaning, supported by
industry-leading proprietary technologies applicable to autonomous driving scenarios.
Market penetration of the Group’s front and rear fascia products continues to rise, with
successful acquisition of multiple bumper assembly orders from European and American
brands, as well as multiple illuminated grille projects from American brands. Meanwhile,
the Group secured a number of intelligent illuminated door handle projects, and achieved
breakthroughs in projects such as full-width light bars and grille lights for a well-known
Chinese brand. The Group attaches great importance to clients’ future technological
requirements, and has signed a cooperation agreement with a Chinese automotive brand
to jointly develop forward-looking intelligent door solutions. Significant breakthroughs have
been achieved in composite material lightweight door systems. Leveraging proprietary
VarinTech® technology, these product solutions have gained recognition from multiple NEV
clients. Pre-research projects are progressively underway to accelerate the commercial
application and promotion of composite materials within the automotive industry. The
Group is also actively expanding into intelligent interior systems, focusing on the R&D of
high-value-added interior assembly products. By deepening expertise in intelligent surface
technologies to maintain its leading position, it has secured breakthroughs in multiple
interior projects, including a smart instrument panel project for a European brand. The
Group is also actively pursuing full vehicle interior system projects for a Japanese brand.
In addition, the Group has made significant breakthroughs in lightweight plastic tailgates,
securing project awards for multiple models from Japanese clients, while also achieving
significant progress in a certain model of a European automaker.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        19
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   While focusing on the expansion of automotive metal components and trim products, the
   Group also proactively developed new businesses in complete vehicle sealing systems,
   mechatronic structural components, and functional components. During the Review Period,
   the Group successfully achieved mass production of complete sealing systems for a
   Renault vehicle model in Europe, utilizing recyclable material for some products in this
   model to replace traditional non-recyclable material, thereby promoting low-carbon and
   sustainable development. To actively expand sealing system business into the European
   market, the Group established a new production base in Morocco. During the Review
   Period, the Group also achieved smooth mass production of mechatronic products such as
   electric sliding door systems for an electric vehicle model of a well-known Chinese OEM.


   The Group is also actively exploring new sectors and products, focusing on the R&D
   and market expansion in emerging fields such as AI infrastructure, intelligent robotics,
   low-altitude economy and commercial space industry. The Group is committed to
   systematically transferring the competitive edges accumulated in the automotive industry
   to these new sectors, which include precision manufacturing capabilities, global delivery
   network, customer collaboration advantages, as well as vertical integration capabilities
   ranging from materials and production processes to system integration. By targeting
   high-value and high-entry-barrier market segments, the Group aims to accelerate the
   development of its second growth curve.


   Driven by the continuous advancement of artificial intelligence and the surge in compute
   demand, the Group has capitalized on the strategic window of opportunity for AI
   infrastructure development, focusing on the R&D and market development of products
   in relation to AI server liquid cooling systems, solid oxide fuel cell (“SOFC”) systems,
   and solid-state transformer (“SST”) systems. Among these, the AI server liquid cooling
   system encompasses a full range of core products, including liquid cooling plate modules,
   intelligent manifolds, coolant distribution units and immersion cooling tanks. The Group
   has secured orders from Taiwanese customers and commenced production and delivery
   during the Review Period. In the SOFC sector, the Group has achieved breakthroughs in
   its in-house developed products, including SOFC interconnects, support structures and cell
   frames, in the Chinese market and has completed small-batch deliveries. Furthermore, in
   the SST sector, the Group has partnered with a well-known North American SST player,
   and has participated in the in-depth concurrent development of structural components
   and thermal management products, actively expanding its business related to power
   infrastructure for AI data center in North America.



20 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In light of developments in embodied intelligence and policy trends, the Group is
actively expanding its presence in the intelligent robotics sector, with a focus on robotic
components, contract manufacturing of complete robots and secondary development, well
prepared for future large-scale commercialization. In the robotic components sector, the
Group focuses on the independent R&D of integrated joint modules, smart face masks
and head assemblies, electronic skin, wireless charging systems and limb structural
components. It has established strong partnerships with major Chinese robotics players
and completed delivery of products to multiple major Chinese customers during the Review
Period. In particular, the Group’s independently developed face mask products, featuring
unique structural designs, materials and surface treatment processes, offers system-level
solutions ranging from face masks and modules to intelligent head assemblies, and the
Group secured orders for face masks from a leading North American robotics client in
July 2026. In the fields of robotic contract manufacturing and secondary development, the
Group places great emphasis on the commercial application of intelligent robots. Leveraging
its extensive experience in application scenarios accumulated in the automotive industry,
the Group is focusing on developing industrial-grade embodied intelligence workstations.
The Group actively collaborates with robot OEMs to carry out secondary development and
data collection in industrial settings. The Group has undertaken secondary development
projects for a number of international clients, and validation has passed at multiple
industrial scenarios, underscoring the Group’s commitment to industry development.
Furthermore, the Group has fully leveraged the advantages of its global footprint to
actively tap into original design manufacturing (ODM) and contract manufacturing business
of robotics in international markets, and has established demonstration bases in China
and Serbia. During the Review Period, the Group commenced production and delivery for
such business in China.


As the growth in the commercial space sector continues to accelerate, the Group has
proactively positioned itself in the commercial space and low-altitude economy sectors.
In the low-altitude economy sector, the Group focuses on the R&D and production of
two major product systems, i.e. airframes and rotor systems for low-altitude aircrafts.
The Group has established in-depth collaborations with several leading Chinese flying car/
electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) manufacturers, participated in the concurrent
design and airworthiness certification of multiple airworthy models, and delivered products
for several models during the Review Period. In the commercial space sector, the Group
has participated in preliminary communications and quotations with customers regarding
multiple products and solutions.



                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026        21
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   The Group also attaches great importance to technological R&D of new materials and has
   continuously increased its R&D investment in materials, mastering the technologies of four
   core materials, namely high-performance collision aluminium, high-performance elastomer
   materials, functional plastics and green materials, as well as the related surface treatment
   technologies. The Group developed the Minal®-S636 aluminum alloy with excellent crash
   properties, which has successfully passed real vehicle crash performance validation and
   reached advanced level in the global market. As of 30 June 2026, the Group owned 72 core
   patents related to aluminum alloy material formulations and process technologies, which
   have been widely applied to battery housings and body and chassis structural parts for
   OEMs such as BMW, Mercedes-Benz, and Volkswagen, cementing the Group’s position
   as a comprehensive market participant with leading product and material technologies
   in the Asia-Pacific region and globally. In the meantime, in response to global carbon
   neutrality objectives, the Group has focused on developing green aluminium profiles,
   successfully pioneering multiple recycling and additive technologies for aluminium. Related
   products have entered the stage of small-scale production. Furthermore, the Group’s
   independently developed ECO-ALUMIN® S series green collision aluminium materials
   feature a carbon emission intensity below 3.0 kg.CO2/kg.AL, enabling broad application in
   vehicle collision system components. Concurrently, the Group attached great importance
   to polymer material R&D and innovation, and has successfully completed the development
   of multiple products such as continuous long fiber reinforced flame-retardant materials,
   wave-transparent and light-transmitting materials, high-gloss non-coating materials, special
   engineering plastics, and green low-carbon products. These have been put into mass
   production application in components such as automotive front-end modules, bumpers,
   doors, and tailgates for a number of OEMs, delivering a comprehensive carbon reduction
   ratio exceeding 36% and contributing significantly to the Group’s carbon neutrality
   objectives.

   The Group puts strong emphasis on the protection of intellectual property rights. It
   has initiated a comprehensive deployment in patents and trademarks for innovative
   products, and is focused on the protection and operation of intellectual property rights.
   During the Review Period, the Group filed 93 new patent applications and registered 28
   new trademarks. The Group promotes the application and industrialisation of intellectual
   property rights, with 269 patents having been licensed, focusing on cutting-edge areas
   such as aluminium alloy new material, new energy and electrification. During the Review
   Period, the Group was granted 129 new patents by competent authorities and successfully
   registered 3 trademarks. The Group actively pursues intellectual property rights protection
   and risk prevention management, having carried out dozens of analyses relating to patent
   enforcement and infringement prevention. The Group not only respects the intellectual
   property rights of others but also resolutely safeguards its own intellectual property rights.



22 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Results

During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB13,408,353,000,
representing an increase of approximately 9.1% from approximately RMB12,286,969,000
in the same period in 2025. During the Review Period, the Group’s products, including
battery housings, structural parts, and plastic parts, maintained solid growth. In particular,
the Group’s business in EMEA markets significantly benefited from the strong sales
growth of NEVs in Europe, with key products such as battery housings delivering excellent
sales performance. In the Americas and Japan and Korea markets, business maintained
steady growth, driven by the gradual mass production of new projects and increased
customer demand. In the China market, although impacted by the decline in passenger
vehicle production and sales, the Group effectively offset the pressure from the market
downturn through diversified business expansion and optimized customer structure,
thereby maintaining overall stable operations.

During the Review Period, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was
approximately RMB1,434,144,000, representing an increase of approximately 12.3%
from approximately RMB1,276,562,000 in the same period in 2025. During the Review
Period, despite the various disruptions facing the automotive industry caused by factors
such as global macroeconomic pressures, recurring geopolitical uncertainties and rising
raw material costs, the Group benefited from its forward-looking Global-Local (GLOCAL)
strategic layout, continuously enhanced GLOCAL operational capabilities, economies of
scale driven by revenue growth, steadily improving capacity utilization and vigorously
implemented cost reduction and efficiency improvement initiatives across product lines.
As a result, gross profit recorded solid growth compared with the same period in 2025.
Combined with its continued stringent expense controls, the Group further enhanced the
quality of its earnings.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026         23
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



   SEGMENT REVENUE

   An analysis on revenue by types of goods or services delivered or provided is as follows:

                                     Six months ended             Six months ended
     Segment category                  30 June 2026                 30 June 2025
                                    RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %
     Body structure                 4,512,813           33.7     3,581,923           29.2
     Plastic                        3,231,656           24.1     2,867,481           23.3
     Metal & Trim                   2,738,608           20.4     2,660,040           21.6
     Aluminum                       2,398,873           17.9     2,469,038           20.1
     Others                         1,719,898           12.8     1,669,679           13.6
     Elimination                   (1,193,495)          (8.9)     (961,192)          (7.8)
     Total revenue                13,408,353           100.0    12,286,969          100.0


   A breakdown on revenue by ultimate geographical delivery destinations of the customers
   is as follows:

                                     Six months ended             Six months ended
     Geographical markets              30 June 2026                 30 June 2025
                                    RMB’000           %          RMB’000           %
     The People’s Republic of
       China (the “PRC”)            4,281,292           31.9     4,306,273           35.0
     Europe, the Middle East
       and Africa (“EMEA”)          4,936,579           36.8     4,257,051           34.7
     Americas                       3,308,828           24.7     3,049,324           24.8
     Japan & Korea (“JP & KR”)        672,904            5.0       452,184            3.7
     Others                           208,750            1.6       222,137            1.8
     Total                        13,408,353           100.0    12,286,969          100.0




24 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross Profit

During the Review Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB3,840,475,000,
representing an increase of approximately 10.6% from approximately RMB3,473,060,000
in the same period in 2025. The gross profit margin for the Review Period was
approximately 28.6%, representing an increase of approximately 0.3% from approximately
28.3% in the same period in 2025. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s efforts
during the Review Period to actively reduce procurement costs through measures such
as strategic sourcing, global coordinated negotiations, localized procurement, and vertical
integration of production processes, while continuing to advance its GLOCAL production
layout. At the same time, by persistently implementing lean manufacturing, technological
upgrades, and refined cost control measures, the Group continued to improve production
efficiency and product yield rates, thereby enhancing its overall global profitability and
steadily strengthening its operational resilience amid a complex international environment.

Investment Income

During the Review Period, the investment income of the Group was approximately
RMB108,446,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB760,000 from
approximately RMB107,686,000 in the same period in 2025, and remained broadly stable
year-on-year.

Other Income

During the Review Period, the other income of the Group amounted to approximately
RMB167,491,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB42,279,000 from
approximately RMB125,212,000 in the same period in 2025. It was mainly attributable to
an increase in government grants related to income.

Other Gains and Losses

During the Review Period, the Group’s other gains and losses amounted to a net gain of
approximately RMB55,038,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB39,193,000
compared to a net gain of approximately RMB94,231,000 in the same period in 2025. It
was mainly due to changes in the fair value of financial instruments. The Group continues
to utilize financial derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risks arising from its
global operations, and timely locks in certain foreign currency exchange rates to mitigate
the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its operating performance.


                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        25
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Distribution and Selling Expenses

   During the Review Period, the Group’s distribution and selling expenses were approximately
   RMB530,212,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB17,971,000 from
   approximately RMB512,241,000 in the same period in 2025. It accounted for approximately
   4.0% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease of approximately 0.2% from
   approximately 4.2% in the same period in 2025. The increase in the Group’s distribution
   and selling expenses compared to the same period in 2025 was primarily due to the
   increased freight costs resulting from the growth in the Group’s revenue during the Review
   Period. Meanwhile, benefiting from the Group’s continued advancement of its localized
   production strategy and the implementation of effective expense control measures, the
   Group’s distribution and selling expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased compared
   to the same period in 2025.


   Administrative Expenses

   During the Review Period, the administrative expenses of the Group amounted to
   approximately RMB894,289,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB89,770,000
   from approximately RMB804,519,000 in the same period in 2025. It accounted for
   approximately 6.7% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of approximately
   0.2% from approximately 6.5% in the same period in 2025. It was mainly due to the
   fact that, with the continued expansion of the Group’s global business during the
   Review Period, the Group actively recruited and retained international talents to further
   enhance its global operation and management capabilities. At the same time, in order
   to vigorously support the development of its new emerging sectors and sustainable
   growth in performance, the Group continued to refine its incentive policies combining
   short-term, medium-term, and long-term approaches to attract and retain core talents. In
   addition, due to the standardized management of social insurance contribution practices in
   Mainland China, the Group’s related labor costs increased, but the overall impact remained
   manageable. In the meantime, the Group continuously optimized its organizational
   structure and maintained stringent control over other expenses to ensure the efficient
   allocation of resources.




26 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research Expenditures

During the Review Period, the research expenditures of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB820,866,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB94,567,000
from approximately RMB726,299,000 in the same period in 2025. It accounted for
approximately 6.1% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of approximately
0.2% from approximately 5.9% in the same period in 2025. During the Review Period,
the Group actively responded to the transformation and development opportunities in
the automotive industry. While continuing to focus on the trends toward low-carbon and
intelligent development in the automotive industry, the Group also proactively expanded
into new material fields such as polymer materials and green low-carbon materials, as
well as new emerging sectors with long-term growth potentials, including intelligent
integrated exteriors, AI server liquid cooling system, intelligent robotics, the low-altitude
economy, and smart mobility. At the same time, the Group continued to recruit highly
skilled R&D talents, accelerate breakthroughs in core technologies, and deepen strategic
collaborations with industry-leading enterprises. Through more targeted and efficient R&D
investments, the Group continued to enhance its technological innovation capabilities and
core competitiveness, providing strong support for the long-term sustainable growth of
its business.


Interest Expenses

During the Review Period, the Group’s interest expenses amounted to approximately
RMB162,110,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB16,377,000 from
approximately RMB178,487,000 in the same period in 2025. It was mainly attributable to
the combined effects of the Group’s loan structure adjustment and the decline in market
lending rates.


Share of Results of Joint Ventures

During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of joint ventures was a net profit of
approximately RMB15,434,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB6,411,000
from a net profit of approximately RMB21,845,000 in the same period in 2025. It was
mainly due to a decrease in profit of a joint venture during the Review Period.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        27
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Share of Results of Associates

   During the Review Period, the Group’s share of results of associates was a net loss of
   approximately RMB19,029,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB8,213,000
   from a net loss of approximately RMB10,816,000 in the same period in 2025. It was
   primarily due to increased losses from certain associates during the Review Period.

   Income Tax Expense

   During the Review Period, the Group’s income tax expense was approximately
   RMB279,015,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB27,587,000 from
   approximately RMB251,428,000 in the same period in 2025.

   During the Review Period, the effective tax rate was approximately 16.0%, broadly in line
   with the rate of approximately 16.0% in the same period of 2025.

   Profits Attributable to Non-controlling Interests

   During the Review Period, the Group’s profits attributable to non-controlling interests were
   approximately RMB30,764,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB11,858,000
   from approximately RMB42,622,000 in the same period in 2025. It was mainly attributable
   to the decrease in net profit resulting from the decline in revenue of non-wholly owned
   subsidiaries during the Review Period.

   Liquidity and Financial Resources

   As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents, pledged
   bank deposits and time deposits was approximately RMB7,501,471,000, representing
   an increase of approximately RMB701,873,000 from approximately RMB6,799,598,000
   as of 31 December 2025. As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s low-cost borrowings in
   aggregate amounted to approximately RMB8,951,017,000, among which the equivalent
   of approximately RMB3,742,996,000, approximately RMB3,062,181,000, approximately
   RMB902,876,000, approximately RMB661,835,000, approximately RMB207,895,000,
   approximately RMB198,278,000, approximately RMB107,970,000 and approximately
   RMB66,986,000 were denominated in Euro (“EUR”), US Dollar (“USD”), RMB, Hong
   Kong Dollar (“HKD”), New Taiwan Dollar (“NTD”), Thai Baht (“THB”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”)
   and Canadian Dollar (“CAD”), respectively, representing a decrease of approximately
   RMB1,766,000 from approximately RMB8,952,783,000 as of 31 December 2025. It
   was mainly attributable to the borrowings made by the Group having considered the
   consolidated gains from exchange rates, interest rates and capital management.


28 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group will leverage market interest rate and foreign exchange windows to continuously
optimize its debt structure and balance borrowing rates and foreign exchange control,
thereby maintaining the Group’s overall debt level within a reasonable and healthy range.


During the Review Period, the net cash flow from the Group’s operating activities
was approximately RMB1,648,930,000, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB587,917,000 from approximately RMB2,236,847,000 in the same period in 2025.
This was mainly attributable to the Group’s moderate increase in strategic reserves of
key raw materials amid a complex and volatile international trade environment in light
of supply chain security and stable operations considerations, resulting in an increase in
working capital investment. Such measures helped enhance supply assurance capability
and address market price volatility, further enhancing the Group’s supply chain resilience
and market competitiveness. Overall, the Group maintained a solid financial position, with
cash flow from its operating activities remaining healthy.


During the Review Period, the Group’s trade receivables turnover days were approximately
68 days, which were approximately 9 days shorter than approximately 77 days in the same
period in 2025. This was mainly due to the increase in the proportion of revenue from
the Group’s customers in international markets with shorter collection cycles during the
Review Period, coupled with the Group’s enhanced control over collections. The combined
effects led to a reduction in the turnover days of the Group’s trade receivables.


During the Review Period, the Group’s trade payables turnover days were approximately
92 days, representing a decrease of approximately 2 days from approximately 94 days
in the same period in 2025. This was mainly attributable to a higher proportion of the
Group’s international business, which generally operates with shorter payment cycles. In
addition, in light of supply chain security and cost management considerations, the Group
has been continuously optimizing its procurement arrangements for relevant raw materials
and accessories to ensure supply stability and enhance procurement cost competitiveness.
As a result of the combined effects of the above factors, the Group’s trade payables
turnover days decreased.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026        29
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   During the Review Period, the Group’s inventory turnover days were approximately 93
   days, representing a decrease of approximately 2 days from approximately 95 days in the
   same period in 2025. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s continuous advancement
   of its GLOCAL production layout during the Review Period to achieve closer-to-market
   production and supply, coupled with the ongoing enhancement of end-to-end supply chain
   management. The combined effects of these initiatives led to a reduction in the Group’s
   inventories turnover days.


   The Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.1 as of 30 June 2026, decreasing by
   approximately 0.1 from approximately 1.2 as of 31 December 2025. As of 30 June 2026,
   the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 20.4% (31 December 2025: approximately
   21.2%), which was a percentage based on interest-bearing borrowings divided by total
   assets.

   Note: The calculation methods for the above indicators are the same as those previously set out in
          the Company’s prospectus dated 22 November 2005.


   The Group’s capital demands had no particular seasonality features.


   The Group is of the view that the favourable performance in sales, production and R&D,
   and a healthy cash reserve during the Review Period have provided a solid guarantee for
   sustainable development in the future.


   Funding and Treasury Policy

   The Group adheres to a prudent funding and treasury policy in managing its overall
   business operations. The Group funds its capital expenditures, working capital needs, and
   other liquidity requirements primarily through cash generated from operating activities,
   as well as bank and other loans. In addition, the Group will prudently manage its future
   capital to ensure financial stability and support sustainable growth. The Board reviews
   and evaluates the Group’s funding and treasury policy from time to time to ensure its
   adequacy and effectiveness.




30 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



COMMITMENTS

                                                        At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                              2026                2025
                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

 Capital expenditure contracted for but not
   provided in the condensed consolidated
   financial statements in respect of:
   Acquisition of property, plant and
      equipment                                             456,998             417,595


INTEREST RATE AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS

As of 30 June 2026, the balance of the Group’s bank borrowings was approximately
RMB8,951,017,000, of which approximately RMB919,463,000 of the borrowings was
bearing at fixed interest rates, and approximately RMB8,031,554,000 was bearing at
floating interest rates. The aforesaid borrowings had no seasonality features. In addition,
approximately RMB7,161,200,000 of the borrowings was denominated in currencies other
than the functional currencies of the Group’s related entities, of which the equivalents
of approximately RMB3,742,996,000, approximately RMB2,445,113,000, approximately
RMB661,835,000, approximately RMB136,300,000, approximately RMB107,970,000 and
approximately RMB66,986,000 were denominated in EUR, USD, HKD, RMB, CHF and
CAD respectively.


The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits and time deposits
are mainly denominated in RMB, USD and EUR. Remittance of funds out of the PRC is
subject to the foreign exchange control restrictions imposed by the Chinese government.


As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s total amount of cash and cash equivalents and
pledged bank deposits and time deposits denominated in currencies other than the
functional currencies was approximately RMB2,462,961,000, of which approximately
RMB1,182,506,000 was denominated in USD, approximately RMB1,007,323,000
was denominated in EUR, approximately RMB185,869,000 was denominated in JPY,
approximately RMB52,397,000 was denominated in HKD, approximately RMB30,171,000
was denominated in Mexican Peso, and the remainder of approximately RMB4,695,000
was denominated in other currencies.

                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026        31
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   With the Group’s international expansion and strategic layout around the world, the variety
   of foreign currencies involved in its transactions has increased. The Group’s management
   places high importance on foreign exchange risk and closely monitors and manages the
   scale of its foreign currency transactions, as well as its foreign currency assets and
   liabilities on a daily basis. Meanwhile, the Group also utilizes financial derivatives such
   as forward foreign exchange contracts, currency swaps, options, and interest rate swaps
   to further mitigate interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk.

   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   As of 30 June 2026, the Group had no contingent liabilities (31 December 2025: Nil).

   MORTGAGED ASSETS

   As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a banking facility of NTD200,000,000 (equivalent to
   RMB42,660,000), which were mortgaged by property, plant and equipment with carrying
   amounts of approximately NTD47,708,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,176,000),
   land-use-rights with carrying amounts of approximately RMB5,917,000 and property, plant
   and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB10,250,000 (31 December
   2025: the Group had borrowings of NTD155,000,000 (equivalent to RMB34,581,000),
   which were mortgaged by property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of
   approximately NTD47,708,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,644,000), and obtained
   a banking facility of RMB17,000,000, which were mortgaged by land-use-rights with
   carrying amounts of approximately RMB5,976,000 and property, plant and equipment with
   carrying amounts of approximately RMB10,471,000).

   As of 30 June 2026, the Group issued bills payables of approximately RMB421,031,000
   due within 6 months and had a banking facility of NTD60,000,000 (equivalent to
   RMB12,798,000), which were pledged by bills receivables with fair value of approximately
   RMB974,000, bank deposits of approximately RMB202,954,000 and bank deposits of
   approximately NTD3,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB640,000) (31 December
   2025: the Group issued bills payables of RMB429,000,000 due within 6 months,
   issued letters of guarantee of approximately RMB54,499,000, and had borrowings of
   NTD60,000,000 (equivalent to RMB13,386,000), which were pledged by bills receivables
   with fair value of approximately RMB97,724,000 and bank deposits of approximately
   RMB203,675,000, USD10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB70,288,000) and
   approximately NTD9,119,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,034,000). The borrowings
   are to be settled in NTD and RMB).


32 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure includes the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, the increase
in construction in progress and the addition of land-use-rights. During the Review Period,
the Group’s capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB1,620,892,000 (the same
period in 2025: approximately RMB902,056,000). During the Review Period, the Group
proactively proceeded with capacity expansion and manufacturing capability enhancement
in response to the increasing demand in global markets. The related capital expenditure
was primarily used for the construction and equipment investment in global production
facilities, as well as the production capacity expansion for high-growth products such as
battery housings and body and chassis structural components. At the same time, driven by
the increase in orders from Chinese customers and the launch of new projects, the Group
also moderately increased its investments in related equipment and production capacity in
the China region to support sustained business growth. Additionally, the Group continued
to invest in areas with long-term growth potential, such as intelligent robotics, AI server
liquid cooling system and AI infrastructure to foster new growth engines for its future
development. Meanwhile, the Group maintained prudent control over capital expenditure in
line with its asset-light strategy, exercised stringent control over fixed asset investments,
actively promoted the renovation and reuse of old equipment, and continued to promote
effective synergy among its global factories to further enhance the utilisation efficiency of
production capacity and continuously optimize the efficiency of capital allocation.


PLACING AND SUBSCRIPTION

The Group had no placing and subscription of shares during the Review Period.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates during the Review Period.




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        33
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



   EMPLOYEES

   As of 30 June 2026, the Group employed a total of 28,500 employees, representing an
   increase of 1,133 as compared to 31 December 2025. Due to the implementation of
   the strengthening policy of China’s social insurance contribution base, the Group’s labor
   costs in China increased correspondingly during the Review Period, but the overall impact
   remained manageable. In line with its revenue growth objectives, the Group focused on
   strengthening global labor efficiency management by improving quality and efficiency in
   existing plant operations while proactively allocating workforce for new capacity and new
   business during the roll-out of new plants and the incubation of new sectors.


   During the Review Period, the Group continued to strengthen its global remuneration
   governance, optimise the management model for total remuneration packages, implement
   a resource allocation approach focused on “enhancing efficiency in existing allocations
   and accelerating growth in new allocations”, reinforce incentive-based approaches, and
   direct remuneration resources towards high-value creation, thereby continuously improving
   organisational efficiency and the effectiveness of incentives. Through the implementation
   of share option scheme, share award scheme and other medium- to long-term incentive
   schemes, the Group has stimulated the momentum for sustained contributions from key
   positions.


   During the Review Period, the Group formally launched its “country-led” organizational
   transformation. Under this new framework, the “country head” accountability structure
   has been horizontally reinforced, regional functional integration has been strengthened,
   and decision-making authority at the local level has been further empowered, thereby
   improving country-level operational efficiency and market responsiveness. Looking ahead
   to the second half of the year, the Group will continue to refine its localized operating
   systems, strengthen collaboration mechanisms, and comprehensively enhance the
   operational quality and profitability of the operational units in each country, so as to further
   consolidate the Group’s global governance capabilities.




34 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


To support the global layout as well as the construction and operation of the Group’s new
factories, the Group accelerated the pace of global talent reserve and systematically built a
localized talent development system. The Group initiated the “Gold Medal Plant Manager”
talent development program, focusing on empowering core management positions in its
global operations. Meanwhile, the “Reserve Plant Manager” special training program was
also implemented, strengthening talent mobility and experience transfer among regions,
and continuously supplying high-quality management teams through diversified approaches
such as job rotation and mentorship. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the
Group will, while continuing to advance existing talent development programs, further
enrich and optimize the provision of learning resources to solidify the talent foundation
for the sustainable development of the Group’s global operations.

During the Review Period, the Group steadily advanced the digital transformation of
human resources, achieving data integration and automated flow among multiple business
systems, significantly enhancing cross-module operational efficiency. Simultaneously, the
Group launched AI-enabled shared services upgrade pilots, applying intelligent solutions
such as automated issuance of certain documents, and achieved initial enhancements
in intelligent efficiency. Looking forward to the second half of the year, the Group will
continue to deepen the global digital transformation of human resources with AI-powered
iterative upgrades at its core, fully enhancing the speed of human resources response
and the level of intelligent decision-making.

The Group continuously deepened cultural integration under the context of globalization,
successfully hosted two sessions of China-Serbia youth international exchange program,
cumulatively receiving 344 Serbian youth in China, and established the China-Serbia youth
cultural exchange center. During the Review Period, the Group officially launched its
new logos and upgraded the corporate visual identity system, further strengthening the
Group’s brand recognition. Meanwhile, the Group has continued to deepen its core culture
based on “Love as the Foundation”, expanding the “Overall Wellness” project system to
cover activities such as “Emotional Intelligence”, “New Health Camp”, “Family Drawing
Room”, “Parenting Inspiration Sessions”, “Senior’s Center”, etc., extending the caring
culture to employees’ families and their communities. Looking into the second half of
the year, the Group will continue to review and optimize the implementation of its core
values in practice, and enhance cultural identity through the “Let Excellence Be Seen”
project. The Group will also organize “Youth Summer Camps” open to employees’ families
and the community, and launch innovative health projects such as “Emotional Stress
Management” and “Psychological Empowerment”. In addition, the Group will strengthen
human rights review and training from the perspective of ESG, systematically enhance
human rights management standards, and solidify the people-oriented foundation and
organizational support for the steady advancement of its global strategies.


                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026        35
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.
   Apart from statutory benefits and in-house training programmes, discretionary bonuses,
   share awards and share options may be awarded to employees according to the
   assessment of individual performance. The total staff costs incurred by the Group during
   the Review Period were approximately RMB3,006 million (the same period in 2025:
   approximately RMB2,589 million).


   DIRECTORS

   During the Review Period, the directors of the Company (“Directors”) were as follows:


   Executive Directors

   Wei Ching Lien (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)
   Zhang Yuxia
   William Chin
   Xu Hailan (appointed on 30 June 2026)
   Ye Guo Qiang (retired on 30 June 2026)


   Non-executive Director

   Chin Chien Ya


   Independent Non-executive Directors

   Mok Kwai Pui Bill
   Tatsunobu Sako
   Meng Li Qiu
   Chan Pak Hung
   Hu Ting Wu




36 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The 2005 Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company for a period of 10
years pursuant to a written resolution of all the then shareholders of the Company on
13 November 2005. Such scheme was terminated on 22 May 2012 and the 2012 Share
Option Scheme with substantively similar terms to the 2005 Share Option Scheme was
adopted on the same day at the 2012 annual general meeting of the Company for 10
years. The 2012 Share Option Scheme had expired on 22 May 2022. On the date of the
2022 annual general meeting of the Company, i.e. 31 May 2022, the Company adopted
the 2022 Share Option Scheme for a term of 10 years with salient terms similar to those
of the 2012 Share Option Scheme.


The purpose of the 2022 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options
to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group. All
Directors, employees of the Group and service providers of the Group whom the Board
considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group are eligible
to participate in the 2022 Share Option Scheme.


The 2022 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years after the
date on which the scheme was adopted. The total number of Shares which may be
allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2022 Share
Option Scheme adopted by the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% (“General
Scheme Limit”) of the Shares of the Company in issue on 31 May 2022, the date when
the Company adopted the 2022 Share Option Scheme, which were 116,183,579 Shares.
The Company may renew the General Scheme Limit with shareholders’ approval provided
that each such renewal may not exceed 10% of the Shares of the Company in issue as
at the date of the shareholders’ approval.

Unless approved by shareholders of the Company, the total number of Shares issued
and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under the 2022 Share Option
Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company (including both exercised
or outstanding options) to each participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being (“Individual Limit”).




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026         37
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   An option may be accepted by a participant within 28 days from the date of the offer
   of grant of the option. A nominal consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of
   the grant of an option.

   An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Share Option
   Scheme at any time during the period to be determined and notified by the Board to
   each grantee, at the time of making an offer of the grant of an option which shall not
   expire later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option.

   Unless the Board otherwise determined and stated in the offer to the participant, there
   is no minimum period for which an option granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme
   must be held before it can be exercised.

   The subscription price for the Shares under the 2022 Share Option Scheme will be a price
   determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price
   of shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the
   date of the offer of grant, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price
   of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for
   the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant; and (iii) the
   nominal value of the Shares.

   As at the date of this interim report, the total number of unexercised outstanding
   Share Options under the 2022 Share Option Scheme is 23,978,600 which represents
   approximately 2.05% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the date
   of this interim report. As at the date of this interim report, the total number of Shares
   available for issue under the 2022 Share Option Scheme is 110,162,179 which represents
   approximately 9.40% of the issued Shares as at the date of this interim report (excluding
   treasury shares).

   The total number of Share Options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
   2022 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026 were 86,183,579
   and 86,183,579 respectively.


   As at the date of this interim report, the number of Share Options that could still be
   granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme was 86,183,579, representing approximately
   7.36% of the 1,171,493,199 Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at 25 August
   2026, being the date of this interim report.




38 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Details are as follows:

                                                  Number of Share Options (Note 1)
                                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                             average closing
                                                                                                                                                             price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                immediately
                                             Granted    Exercised Cancelled     Lapsed                                                                            before the
                              Outstanding      during      during    during      during Outstanding                                              Exercise         date(s) on
                                    as at         the         the       the         the        as at                                              price of             which
 Name and category              1 January     Review      Review    Review      Review      30 June                                            the Share      Share Options
 of participants                     2026      Period      Period    Period      Period        2026    Date of grant Exercise period              Options     were exercised
                                                                                                                                                    (HKD)              (HKD)
                                                                                                       (Note 6)       (Note 7)                   (Note 8)

 Directors, chief
     executives,
     and substantial
     Shareholders and
     their respective
     connected persons
 Ms. Zhang Yuxia                  500,000         —           —          —           —       500,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Mr. William Chin (Note 2)        300,000         —           —          —           —       300,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Ms. Xu Hailan (Note 3)           500,000         —           —          —           —       500,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Ms. Chin Chien Ya (Note 4)       100,000         —           —          —           —       100,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill             50,000         —       25,000         —           —        25,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30              34.14
 Mr. Tatsunobu Sako                50,000         —       12,700         —           —        37,300   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30              35.38
 Professor Meng Li Qiu             50,000         —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Mr. Ye Guo Qiang (Note 5)        500,000         —           —          —           —       500,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A
 Dr. Wang Ching (Note 5)           50,000         —           —          —           —        50,000   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30                N/A

 Subtotal                       2,100,000         —       37,700         —           —     2,062,300

 Other participants
    (Note 9)
 Employee participants (in      23,915,000        —     1,648,700        —      290,000   21,976,300   2–5–2024       5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029        14.30              38.59
    aggregate)
 Related entity participant (in         —         —            —         —           —            —    N/A            N/A                             N/A               N/A
    aggregate)
 Service providers (in                  —         —            —         —           —            —    N/A            N/A                             N/A               N/A
    aggregate)

 Subtotal                      23,915,000         —     1,648,700        —      290,000   21,976,300

 Total                         26,015,000         —     1,686,400        —      290,000   24,038,600




                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026                           39
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Note 1:   Numbers of Shares over which options were granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme.


   Note 2:   Mr. William Chin, an executive Director and the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group, is
             the son of Ms. Wei Ching Lien (“Ms. Wei”, an executive Director and Chairperson of the
             Company) and the brother of Ms. Chin Chien Ya (“Ms. Chin”, a non-executive Director).


   Note 3:   Ms. Xu Hailan (“Ms. Xu”) was appointed as executive Director on 30 June 2026.


   Note 4:   Ms. Chin Chien Ya, a non-executive Director, is the daughter of Ms. Wei and the sister of
             Mr. William Chin.


   Note 5:   Mr. Ye Guo Qiang (“Mr. Ye”) retired as executive Director on 30 June 2026, and Dr. Wang
             Ching retired as independent non-executive Director on 30 May 2025.


   Note 6:   The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 2 May 2024 on which
             the share options were granted pursuant to the 2022 Share Option Scheme (the “Share
             Options”), i.e. on 30 April 2024 was HKD13.44.


   Note 7:   The option period for the Share Options granted on 2 May 2024 is for five years seven
             months and twenty-nine days and the vesting periods of such Share Options are as follows:
             (i) up to 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2025; (ii) up to
             a further 30% of the Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2026; and (iii)
             all of the remaining Share Options granted to be vested on or after 5 May 2027. There is
             no performance target attached to the share options granted under the 2022 Share Option
             Scheme.


   Note 8:   The exercise price of the Share Options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or
             bonus issues, or other similar changes on the Company’s share capital.


   Note 9:   There are no (i) participant with Share Options granted and to be granted in excess of the
             1% individual limit, and (ii) related entity participant or service provider with Share Options
             granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue
             (excluding treasury shares).


   During the Review Period, 1,686,400 Share Options were exercised by the grantees
   (including two Directors) of the Company’s 2022 Share Option Scheme in accordance
   with the rules and terms thereof, and 290,000 Share Options lapsed as a result of the
   resignation of grantees.




40 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The fair values of the granted Share Options are listed as follows:

                                                                                            Fair
                                                                                       value at
 Share option                                                               Exercise   the date
 type         Date of grant         Tranche Exercise period                    price   of grant
                                                                              (HKD)       (HKD)
 2024 (Note)    2–5–2024            A         5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30        3.98
                2–5–2024            B         5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30        4.28
                2–5–2024            C         5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30        4.50
                2–5–2024            E         5–5–2025 to 31–12–2029           14.30        3.98
                2–5–2024            F         5–5–2026 to 31–12–2029           14.30        4.28
                2–5–2024            G         5–5–2027 to 31–12–2029           14.30        4.50


Note: For the Share Options granted in 2024, the tranche A, B and C are granted to Directors, while
      the tranche E, F and G are granted to other employees (including associates of Directors).


Save as disclosed above, no Share Option was granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed
during the Review Period under the 2022 Share Option Scheme. Particulars of the
Company’s 2022 Share Option Scheme are set out in note 22 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME

On 28 July 2020, the Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award
Scheme”) to allow share awards (the “Awarded Shares”) at the absolute discretion of
the Board. The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions
by certain eligible participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them
for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel
for further development of the Group. Selected participants pursuant to the terms of the
Share Award Scheme will be notified the number of shares awarded to them.

The total number of Awarded Shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of
the Share Award Scheme as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026 were 112,440,229
and 112,533,869 respectively. As at the date of this interim report, the total number of
Shares available for issue under the Share Award Scheme is 110,162,179 which represents
approximately 9.40% of the issued Shares as at the date of this interim report (excluding
treasury shares).


                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026          41
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of Share Options and Awarded
   Shares granted under all schemes of the Company during the Review Period divided by the
   weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Review
   Period was approximately 2.05%.


   During the Review Period, the trustee of the Share Award Scheme did not purchase any
   award shares on the Stock Exchange, nor did it grant any award shares to grantees under
   the rules and trust deed of the Share Award Scheme. 895,000 Awarded Shares were
   vested to the grantees (including two Directors and one then-serving Director) during the
   Review Period, and 25,000 Awarded Shares lapsed due to the grantees’ resignations.


   SUMMARY OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME RULES

   For further details on the rules of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to the
   announcement of the Company dated 28 July 2020 (the “Announcement”) (capitalized
   terms used below shall have the meanings ascribed therein).


   (1)   Purposes and Objectives

         The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise the contributions by
         certain eligible participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
         them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
         suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


   (2)   Eligible Participants for the Share Award Scheme

         Participants who are eligible for the Share Award Scheme include (i) any employee
         (including but not limited to any executive director) of any member of the Group;
         (ii) non-executive director or independent non-executive director or officer; and
         (iii) an individual or employee of a corporate or entity who, pursuant to a contract
         for services, renders services to a member of the Group as determined by the
         Board from time to time (other than certain participants who are excluded from
         participation in the Share Award Scheme by reason of the restrictions under
         applicable laws and regulations).




42 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(3)   Duration

      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Share
      Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on
      the date of adoption of the Share Award Scheme (i.e. 28 July 2020).


(4)   Administration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and
      the trustee appointed from time to time (the “Trustee”) in accordance with the
      Share Award Scheme rules and the trust deed entered into between the Company
      and the Trustee from time to time (the “Trust Deed”) (as the case may be). The
      Trustee shall hold the Shares and the income derived from the Trust Fund in
      accordance with the Share Award Scheme rules and the terms of the Trust Deed.


(5)   Share Award Scheme Limit

      The Board shall not make any further award of Awarded Shares which will result
      in the aggregate number of Shares awarded by the Board under the Share Award
      Scheme exceeding ten per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from
      time to time. Further, the maximum number of Shares which may be awarded to
      a Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed one per
      cent. of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.


(6)   Operation

      Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme rules, the Company may from time to time,


      (i)   issue new Awarded Shares under the general mandate granted and/or
            renewed by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company
            and/or under specific authority granted by its Shareholders to the Trustee to
            be held on trust for the relevant Selected Participant; or




                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026        43
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (ii)   the Board may select the Selected Participant(s) and determine the Reference
                Amount for the purchase of the issued Shares for each of them, or otherwise
                determine from time to time a Reference Amount for the purchase of
                Shares, and notify the Trustee of its decision. Within such period as may be
                determined by the Board after receiving the Reference Amount, the Trustee
                shall apply the same towards the purchase (or subscription, as the case may
                be) of the maximum number of board lots of Shares at a price which falls
                within a range to be set by the Board. The Shares so purchased, the Related
                Income and any balance of the Reference Amount after completion of the
                purchase shall form part of the Trust Fund.


         The Board may, at its discretion and from time to time, determine a Reference
         Amount in respect of which the Trustee shall purchase Awarded Shares from the
         market even though no Eligible Participants have yet been designated a Selected
         Participant, as a reserve for future awards to Selected Participants. The Board shall
         then cause such Reference Amount to be paid to the Trustee for acquisition of
         Shares for the purpose of the Awarded Shares under the Share Award Scheme on
         such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board.


   (7)   Restrictions

         No Award shall be made by the Board and no new Awarded Shares shall be issued
         under the Share Award Scheme and no instructions to acquire Shares shall be given
         to the Trustee under the Share Award Scheme where any director is in possession
         of unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Group or where dealings
         by Directors are prohibited under any code or requirement of the Listing Rules and
         all applicable laws from time to time.




44 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(8)   Grant and Vesting

      The Company shall notify each Selected Participant of the number of Awarded
      Shares granted to each Selected Participant by a Grant Notice which shall set out
      the respective entitlement of each Selected Participant and specify the additional
      conditions pursuant to which the Awarded Shares and/or the Related Income shall
      vest in each respective Selected Participant. The Trustee shall not hold any income
      of the Trust Fund upon trust for the Selected Participant, who are not entitled to
      any income or rights attached to or derived from the Awarded Shares (inclusive of
      any nil-paid rights, options or warrants derived from the Awarded Shares apart from
      the Related Income) from the date of the grant of the Award until the vesting of
      the Awarded Shares in the Selected Participant. The Board has the discretions to
      specify the consideration payable on acceptance of the grant of an award.


      Subject to the Scheme Rules and the fulfilment of all vesting conditions as specified
      in the Grant Notice (such fulfilment shall be confirmed by the Board), the respective
      Awarded Shares and the Related Income held by the Trustee on behalf of a Selected
      Participant shall vest in such Selected Participant, and the Trustee shall cause such
      vested Awarded Shares and the Related Income to be transferred to, or to the
      order of, such Selected Participant in accordance with the procedure specified in
      the Scheme Rules.


      Except in the circumstances as set out under (9) below, upon the vesting of the
      Awarded Shares, barring any unforeseen circumstances, unless otherwise agreed
      between the Board and the Trustee,


      (i)   the Board shall send to the relevant Selected Participant a Vesting Notice
            and for purchase of Awarded Shares, together with such prescribed reply
            slip which require the Selected Participant to execute to effect the vesting
            and transfer of the Awarded Shares and the Related Income and,




                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026        45
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (ii)   subject to the receipt by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip prescribed in the
                Vesting Notice and duly signed by the Selected Participant within the period
                stipulated in the Vesting Notice, and (b) a confirmation from the Company
                that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, the Trustee shall transfer the
                relevant Awarded Shares (and where applicable, together with the Related
                Income) to the relevant Selected Participant as soon as practicable after the
                Vesting Date and in any event not later than such period after the Vesting
                Date as may be reasonably determined by the Board. The final decision in
                relation to such transfer shall be subject to the absolute discretion of the
                Board.


         Prior to the Vesting Date, any Award made hereunder shall be personal to the
         Selected Participant to whom it is made and shall not be assignable and no Selected
         Participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any
         interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the Awarded Shares
         and the Related Income referable to him pursuant to such Award.


         Unless the Board otherwise determined and stated in the grant notice to the
         participant, there is no minimum period for which an Awarded Share granted under
         the Share Award Scheme must be held before it can be vested and no consideration
         is required to be paid by the participant for the acceptance of the Awarded Share.


         The basis of determining the purchase price of Awarded Shares:


         Not applicable as there is no purchase price under the Share Award Scheme.


   (9)   Disqualification of Selected Participants/Lapse of Award

         In the event of a Total Lapse, all Awarded Shares and the Related Income which
         have not vested shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date and shall become
         Returned Shares and the income of the Trust.


         In the event of a Partial Lapse, subject to the absolute discretion of the Board, the
         relevant part of an Award made to such Selected Participant shall automatically lapse
         forthwith and the relevant Awarded Shares and the Related Income which have
         not vested shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall become Returned
         Shares and income of the trust.


46 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       In respect of a Selected Participant who retired, resigned or whose employment/
       engagement was terminated by agreement with a member of the Group at any time
       prior to or on the Vesting Date, all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of
       the relevant Selected Participant shall immediately lapse. All the Awarded Shares
       and the Related Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned
       Shares and income of the Trust.


       In the event of the death of a Selected Participant at any time, the award of
       the Awarded Shares and the Related Income shall immediately lapse and all the
       Awarded Shares (or Reference Amount, as the case may be) and the Related
       Income of the relevant Selected Participant shall become Returned Shares and
       income of the Trust.


       If there occurs an event of change in control of the Company, whether by way
       of offer, merger, scheme of arrangement or otherwise, all the Awarded Shares
       and the Related Income shall immediately vest on the date when such change of
       control event becomes or is declared unconditional and such date shall be deemed
       to be the Vesting Date. Subject to the receipt by the Trustee of duly executed
       reply slip to the Vesting Notice within 7 Business Days from the deemed Vesting
       Date, the Trustee shall transfer the Awarded Shares and the Related Income to
       the Selected Participant.


       The Trustee shall hold the Returned Shares exclusively for the benefit of all or one
       or more of the Eligible Participants (excluding any Excluded Participant). The Board
       shall in its absolute discretion have the right to determine whether a proposed
       awardee is a Selected Participant at the time of award. When Returned Shares
       have been awarded, the Board shall notify the Trustee accordingly.


(10)   Voting Rights

       The Trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by
       it as nominee or under the Trust (if any) (including but not limited to the Awarded
       Shares, the Returned Shares, any bonus Shares and scrip Shares derived therefrom).




                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026        47
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   (11)   Termination

          (i)    The Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of:


                 (a)   on the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date; and


                 (b)   such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided
                       that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any
                       Selected Participant.


          (ii)   Upon termination of the Scheme,


                 (a)   no further grant of Awarded Shares and the Related Income may be
                       made under the Scheme, these rules of the Scheme shall remain
                       in full force and effect in respect only of Awards which have been
                       granted during the term of the Scheme and which remain unvested or
                       which have vested but not yet been issued to a Selected Participant
                       immediately prior to the termination of the Scheme;


                 (b)   all the Awarded Shares and the Related Income of the Selected
                       Participants granted under the Scheme shall become vested on the
                       Selected Participants so referable on such date of termination save
                       in respect of the Total Lapse or otherwise, subject to the receipt by
                       the Trustee of the reply slip to the Vesting Notice prescribed by the
                       Trustee and duly executed by the Selected Participant within the period
                       stipulated by the Trustee;


                 (c)   Returned Shares and such non-cash income remaining in the Trust
                       Fund shall be sold by the Trustee, within such period after receiving
                       notice of such termination of the Scheme as may be determined by
                       the Board; and


                 (d)   the Residual Cash for the Selected Participants, net proceeds of sale
                       referred to in paragraph (ii)(b) above and such other funds remaining
                       in the Trust Fund (after making appropriate deductions in respect of
                       all disposal costs, liabilities and expenses) shall be remitted to the
                       Company forthwith.


48 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(12)   Alteration

       The Scheme may be altered in any respect by a resolution of the Board provided
       that no such amendment shall operate to affect adversely any subsisting rights of
       any Selected Participant.


       Details of the movement of the Awarded Shares during the Review Period and
       during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the tables as
       follows:

                                                                 Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                                                                                              average closing
                                                                                                                                               Fair value of  price of Shares
                                                      Granted       Vested Cancelled        Lapsed                                                 Awarded immediately before
                                        Outstanding     during       during   during         during   Outstanding                  Vesting           Shares    the date(s) on       Grant
                                              as at        the          the      the            the          as at                 period and         at the  which Awarded       price of
        Name and category                 1 January    Review       Review   Review         Review        30 June                  performance       date of     Shares were the Awarded
        of participants                        2026     Period       Period   Period         Period          2026    Date of grant targets             grant           vested      Shares
                                                                                                                                                      (HKD)             (HKD)       (HKD)
                                                                                                                     (Note 1)
        Directors, chief executives,
            and substantial
            Shareholders and their
            respective associates
        Zhang Yuxia                          90,000        —         90,000         —            —              —    22–1–2025    (Note 2)          16.00              38.90             0
        Xu Hailan (Note 4)                   60,000        —         60,000         —            —              —    22–1–2025    (Note 2)          16.00              38.90             0
        Ye Guo Qiang (Note 4)                85,000        —         85,000         —            —              —    22–1–2025    (Note 2)          16.00              38.90             0
        Participants with Awarded
            Shares in excess of 1%
            individual limit
        N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A          N/A                N/A                N/A           N/A
        Related entity participants
            or service providers with
            Awarded Shares granted
            during the Review Period
            exceeding 0.1% of the
            total issued Shares
        N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A          N/A                N/A                N/A           N/A
        Other employee participants         660,000        —        660,000         —           —               —    22–1–2025    (Note 2)          16.00              38.90             0
           (in aggregate)                 2,400,000        —             —          —       25,000       2,375,000   24–10–2025   (Note 2)          31.82               N/A              0
        Other related entity
            participants
            (in aggregate)
        N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A          N/A                N/A                N/A           N/A
        Other service providers
            (in aggregate)
        N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A          N/A                N/A                N/A           N/A
        Other participants
        N/A                                      —         —             —          —            —              —    N/A          N/A                N/A                N/A           N/A
        Total                             3,295,000        —        895,000         —       25,000       2,375,000




                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026                             49
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                             Number of Awarded Shares
                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                   average closing
                                                                                                                                                Fair value of      price of Shares
                                                                                                                                                    Awarded     immediately before
                                   Outstanding                                                      Outstanding                   Vesting             Shares        the date(s) on        Grant
                                         as at     Granted    Vested      Cancelled      Lapsed           as at                   period and           at the      which Awarded       price of
         Name and category          1 January       during during the        during       during   31 December                    performance         date of         Shares were the Awarded
         of participants                 2025     the year       year      the year     the year          2025    Date of grant   targets               grant               vested      Shares
                                                                                                                                                       (HKD)                 (HKD)       (HKD)
                                                                                                                  (Note 1)
         Directors, chief
             executives,
             and substantial
             Shareholders and
             their respective
             associates
         Zhang Yuxia                        —      90,000            —          —            —           90,000   22–1–2025       (Note 2)             16.00                 N/A             0
         Ye Guo Qiang                       —      85,000            —          —            —           85,000   22–1–2025       (Note 2)             16.00                 N/A             0
         Participants with
             Awarded Shares
             in excess of 1%
             individual limit
         N/A                                —           —            —          —            —               —    N/A             N/A                    N/A                 N/A           N/A
         Related entity
             participants or
             service providers
             with Awarded
             Shares granted
             during the year
             exceeding 0.1% of
             the total issued
             Shares
         N/A                                —           —            —          —            —               —    N/A             N/A                    N/A                 N/A           N/A
         Other employee              2,032,000          —     1,339,450         —       692,550              —    29–3–2021       (Note 3)             31.25               21.20             0
            participants                    —      720,000           —          —            —          720,000   22–1–2025       (Note 2)             16.00                 N/A             0
            (in aggregate)                  —    2,400,000           —          —            —        2,400,000   24–10–2025      (Note 2)             31.82                 N/A             0
         Other related entity
             participants
             (in aggregate)
         N/A                                —           —            —          —            —               —    N/A             N/A                    N/A                 N/A           N/A
         Other service providers
             (in aggregate)
         N/A                                —           —            —          —            —               —    N/A             N/A                    N/A                 N/A           N/A
         Other participants
         N/A                                —           —            —          —            —               —    N/A             N/A                    N/A                 N/A           N/A
         Total                       2,032,000   3,295,000    1,339,450         —       692,550       3,295,000




50 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Note 1:   The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
          Shares were granted on 29 March 2021, i.e. on 26 March 2021 was HKD31.05.
          The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
          Shares were granted on 22 January 2025, i.e. on 21 January 2025 was HKD16.44.
          The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awarded
          Shares were granted on 24 October 2025, i.e. on 23 October 2025 was HKD31.46.


Note 2:   The Awarded Shares granted on 22 January 2025 shall vest on 23 January 2026.
          The Awarded Shares granted on 24 October 2025 shall vest in three tranches (This
          is subject to the fulfilment of certain vesting conditions as specified in the letters of
          award. The vesting of the Awards is subject to the fulfilment of certain performance
          targets tailored to the Grantees’ individual roles and responsibilities. In particular,
          vesting is conditional upon the Grantees attaining a minimum performance appraisal
          score and making satisfactory progress on their individual key contribution plans
          during the preceding financial year.): (a) 30%, on 26 October 2026; (b) 30%, on
          26 October 2027; and (c) 40%, on 26 October 2028.


Note 3:   According to the amended vesting conditions, the vesting of 50% of the Awarded
          Shares is deferred from the third to the fourth anniversary of the date of grant
          whereas the remaining 50% of the Awarded Shares will also vest on the fourth
          anniversary of the date of grant, on the basis of satisfaction of relevant vesting
          conditions. The vesting of the Awards is subject to the achievement of certain
          performance targets tailored to each Grantee’s individual role and responsibilities. In
          particular, vesting is conditional upon the Grantees attaining a minimum performance
          appraisal rating and demonstrating satisfactory progress against their respective key
          contribution plans over the preceding four financial years.


Note 4:   Ms. Xu Hailan was appointed as executive Director on 30 June 2026, and Mr. Ye
          Guo Qiang retired as executive Director on 30 June 2026.


Note 5:   There are no (i) participant with Awarded Shares granted and to be granted in excess
          of the 1% individual limit (as defined in Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules), and (ii)
          related entity participant or service provider with Awarded Shares granted and to be
          granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding
          treasury shares).


For more details of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to note 22 to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026            51
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



   FUTURE PROSPECTS AND STRATEGIES

   During the Review Period, multiple macro factors continued to suppress consumer demand
   for car purchases, including global inflation, interest rate hikes in several countries curbing
   big-ticket consumption, and disruptions in energy prices and supply chain security caused
   by the Middle East conflicts. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the global
   light vehicle market is expected to maintain a moderate contraction trend. Mobility Global
   forecasts that the global light vehicle sales will decrease to around 90,000,000 units in
   2026, representing a year-on-year decline of approximately 2% to 3%.


   During the Review Period, the Western European passenger car market bucked the trend
   and became one of the few key markets to sustain positive growth during the Review
   Period. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, as entry-level BEV models priced
   below Euro30,000, such as Citroën e-C3 and Renault 5 E-Tech, are increasingly available,
   supported by favorable policies and high fuel prices, the penetration rate of NEVs is
   expected to further increase. Multiple analysis agencies believe that a mild recovery of
   the European macro economy will further boost new car sales. Mobility Global forecasts
   Western European passenger car sales will reach approximately 11,680,000 units in 2026,
   a year-on-year increase of about 1%, with the market expected to remain largely stable
   in 2027 at levels comparable to 2026.


   During the Review Period, sales in the US new car market experienced a downturn under
   the dual pressures of macroeconomic uncertainty and high vehicle prices. Persistently high
   oil prices have heightened consumer focus on fuel economy, and hybrid models, with
   their convenience and cost advantages, are regarded as the optimal solution for the time
   being, with their market share expected to continue to expand in the second half of the
   year. Mobility Global forecasts full-year US sales of light vehicles at around 15,800,000
   units, representing a year-on-year decline of over 3%.




52 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Review Period, domestic demand in China’s passenger car market was under
notable pressure, whereas exports exceeded expectations and NEV maintained steady
growth with penetration nearing 50%, collectively providing structural support. The market
share of Chinese brands increased to 71.8%, while joint venture car makers generally
faced pressure, with certain brands seeing noticeable sales declines. Looking ahead to
the second half of the year, the Chinese auto market is expected to exhibit a pattern of
“weak domestic, strong overseas; back-loaded performance.” CAAM anticipates total auto
sales in China will reach around 33,000,000 units in 2026, a year-on-year decrease of about
4% to 5%, with NEV penetration likely to break through the 50% historical threshold,
while overall growth has shifted from the high-speed phase to a medium-speed phase.
Chinese automakers are continuously strengthening their competitiveness in international
markets, with total annual exports expected to exceed 10,000,000 units, becoming the
core engine to counterbalance the slack in the demand in China.


During the Review Period, tariffs and trade policies have become another major uncertainty
continually impacting the auto market trajectory in 2026. The main features of US
automotive tariffs in 2026 are “high rates, broad coverage, complex mechanisms and
inconsistent enforcement.” Although automakers maintain pricing by absorbing costs or
offering partial rebates, in the long term, high tariffs will drive up car prices and further
exacerbate affordability issues. More critically, tariff costs are not the only pressures facing
automakers. Previously, global automakers collectively pushed forward electrification
transformation, but electric vehicle sales generally fell short of earlier expectations.
Coupled with the US federal government’s removal of the up-to-USD7,500-per-vehicle
electric vehicle tax credit, automakers had to carry out large-scale business restructuring,
spending cuts, and capacity adjustments. The dual squeeze of tariff costs and electrification
transformation costs has sharply reduced automakers’ profit margins, significantly
increasing difficulty in achieving profitability.




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026         53
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   During the Review Period, although EU tariffs temporarily increased the export cost of
   Chinese NEVs, Chinese automakers achieved growth in the European market through
   product portfolio adjustments, accelerated overseas production, and high-end strategies.
   On 4 March 2026, the EU Industrial Accelerator Act (IAA) legislative draft was submitted
   for consideration, marking the first time local manufacturing requirements, low-carbon
   standards, and investment conditions were integrated into a unified regulatory framework.
   For Chinese companies seeking to expand their European business, this signals a structural
   shift: the traditional “export-first, localization-later” model is rapidly losing feasibility. In
   the long term, trade barriers are forcing Chinese brands to deepen local operations,
   shifting from a single model of vehicle exports to a hybrid ecosystem of “European
   design + Chinese technology + local manufacturing”, while accelerating development
   of diverse markets in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and South America to lower
   reliance on Europe as a single market. Meanwhile, the international market imposes
   higher requirements on parts quality and certification standards. Enterprises must address
   multiple challenges in technology, compliance, and localization. Suppliers with “global
   capabilities and technological barriers” are more likely to succeed. In response to the above
   changes, the Group has carried out forward-looking planning regarding relevant policies
   in the European market. Procurement and operations systems are being continuously
   improved around local manufacturing requirements, supply chain layout, low-carbon and
   compliance standards, and delivery assurance capability to enhance international customer
   responsiveness and business development capacity.


   At the operational level, the Group is deepening strategic collaboration with its customers,
   strengthening global localized supply capability, and flexibly adjusting production capacity
   layouts to match customers’ global business expansion, thus achieving agile response and
   efficient delivery. Facing tariff policies and geopolitical uncertainties, the Group continues
   to optimize global production allocation and provides clients with adaptive solutions. Most
   orders in the Group’s Europe and North America regions have already achieved localized
   production, and the Group will further increase localization in the future. Meanwhile,
   the Group will continue to accelerate business diversification and balanced market
   development, exerting balanced efforts globally and enhancing resilience in complex trade
   environments to ensure long-term stable growth and risk resistance.




54 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group will actively respond to the challenges and opportunities brought by
transformations in the automotive and auto parts industries. With customer demand as
the guiding principle, the Group will continuously build comprehensive competitiveness
covering technology, quality, cost, delivery, and service, and strive to become the closest
global leading supplier to its customers. The Group will maintain sharp insight into industry
trends and market changes, and align with directions such as new energy, lightweight,
intelligentization, and new materials. Combining R&D perspectives based on terminal
markets and complete vehicle demand, as well as its global platform advantages, the
Group will continue to advance strategic layout and technological innovation.


In terms of business development, the plastic BU will continue to strengthen its portfolio
of high-value-added products and build its capacity for system-level supply, thereby further
enhancing customer loyalty and profitability. The aluminum BU, and metal and trim BU will
continue to advance global localized layout, cost reduction across the whole value chain,
and new business cultivation, gradually improving profitability and business structure; the
body structure BU will leverage multi-material platforms and diverse product matrices to
continually deepen its footprint in new energy, lightweight, and related structural product
directions, consolidating the foundation for global market growth.


In terms of operational enhancement, the Group will further optimise the strategic
planning of each BU, continuously improve its operational capabilities, especially the
operational capabilities of its international plants, select model plants in different regions
for management replication and cost benchmarking, and establish a comprehensive
competitive advantage covering technology, cost, efficiency, and resource utilisation.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to refine the global layout of its BUs, strengthen its
GLOCAL management capabilities, enhance localisation of supply, and maximise replication
and sharing of strengths in technology, management, cost, resources, and talent across
its global plants, thereby comprehensively elevating its global competitiveness.

Regarding risk management, the Group will continue to closely monitor global trade
policies, geopolitics, raw material prices, and changes in customer regional layouts,
flexibly adjust global production and supply chain arrangements, and enhance operational
resilience and risk response capabilities. Concurrently, leveraging its comprehensive
strengths accumulated over the years in materials, processes, customer relationships, and
global teams and deployment, the Group will also continue to focus on and cultivate new
business directions with mid- to long-term potential, supporting the Group to establish a
more resilient pattern of sustainable development.


                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026         55
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Overall, during the Review Period, the Group maintained steady operations amid a complex
   and changing external environment, and continued to make progress in globalisation
   strategy, operational improvement, digitalisation, capital efficiency, and mid- to long-term
   capability building. Going forward, the Group will continue to advance its global
   competitiveness and sustainable development capability through synergistic growth in
   scale, improvement in operational quality, and accumulation of long-term competencies.


   DIVIDEND

   The Directors do not declare the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended
   30 June 2026 (the same period in 2025: nil).


   CHANGES IN THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
   EXECUTIVES

   During the Review Period and up to the date of this report, there were the following
   changes in the information of Directors:


   (1)   Mr. Ye Guo Qiang retired as an executive Director with effect from the conclusion
         of the annual general meeting of the Company held on 30 June 2026;


   (2)   Ms. Xu Hailan has been appointed as an executive Director and a member of the
         remuneration committee of the Board with effect from the conclusion of the annual
         general meeting of the Company held on 30 June 2026; and


   (3)   Mr. Chan Pak Hung, an independent non-executive Director, resigned as company
         secretary of Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive Finance Co., Ltd.* (上海東正汽車金
         融股份有限公司) on 31 May 2026 and has been appointed as chief consultant of
         Merit Corporate Services Company Limited with effect from 1 June 2026.

   Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any change in the information of
   the Directors or chief executives of the Company which would otherwise be required for
   disclosure under Rule 13.51(B)(1) of the Listing Rules during the Review Period and up
   to the date of this report.




56 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As at 30 June 2026, the interests or short positions of substantial Shareholders, other
than the Directors or the chief executives of the Company, in the Shares and underlying
shares of the Company as recorded in the register of substantial Shareholders maintained
by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                             of the
                                                                              Total     Company’s
 Name of Substantial                                 Long/               Number of          Issued
 Shareholder              Capacity                   Short Position Ordinary Shares   Share Capital
                                                                                           (Note 1)

 Chin Jong Hwa            Interest of controlled     Long position      450,072,000         38.03%
                            corporations
                          Interest of spouse         Long position        1,850,000          0.16%
                                                                           (Note 2)
 Minth Holdings Limited   Beneficial owner           Long position      450,072,000         38.03%
    (“Minth Holdings”)                                                     (Note 3)
 JPMorgan Chase & Co.     Beneficial owner           Long position       10,029,426          0.85%
                                                     Short position      11,303,003          0.95%
                                                                           (Note 4)
                          Investment Manager         Long position       33,403,540          2.82%
                                                     Short position           1,500       0.0001%
                          Person having a security   Long position        5,083,056          0.43%
                            interest in shares
                          Trustee                    Long position            1,040       0.0001%
                          Approved lending agent     Long position       24,175,018          2.04%




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026         57
   OTHER INFORMATION


   Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital of 1,183,563,199 Shares (including
             treasury Shares) as at 30 June 2026.


   Note 2:   As at 30 June 2026, Minth Holdings and Ms. Wei were beneficially interested in 450,072,000
             Shares and 1,850,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings was wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
             Jong Hwa and he was therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
             held by Minth Holdings. Since Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is the spouse of Ms. Wei, he is deemed
             to be interested in the 1,850,000 Shares in which Ms. Wei is interested.


   Note 3:   As at 30 June 2026, Minth Holdings, a company wholly-owned by Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, was
             beneficially interested in 450,072,000 Shares.


   Note 4:   As at 30 June 2026, according to the information disclosed to the Company under Division
             2 and Division 3 of Part XV of the SFO, these Shares were held by corporations controlled
             directly or indirectly as to 100% by JPMorgan Chase & Co.


   Other than as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Company had not been
   acknowledged by any person of any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying
   shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
   meaning of Part XV of the SFO).




58 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief
executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
or which would otherwise have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Division 7 and Division 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions, if any, which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO) and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”), were as follows:

 Name of Directors,       Company/                                                Total      Percentage of
 chief executives         Name of                                             Number of     the Company’s
 and their respective     Associated    Long/                                  Ordinary              Issued
 associates               Corporation   Short Position Capacity                  Shares       Share Capital
                                                                                                   (Note 1)

 Wei Ching Lien           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner       1,850,000            0.16%
                                        Long position   Interest of spouse   450,072,000           38.03%
                                                                                 (Note 2)
 Zhang Yuxia              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         740,000            0.06%
     (“Ms. Zhang”)                                                               (Note 3)
 William Chin             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         300,000            0.03%
                                                                                 (Note 4)
 Xu Hailan                Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         560,000            0.05%
                                                                                 (Note 5)
 Chin Chien Ya            Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         100,000            0.01%
                                                                                 (Note 4)
 Mok Kwai Pui Bill        Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           25,000          0.002%
     (“Mr. Mok”)                                                                 (Note 4)
 Tatsunobu Sako           Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           45,000          0.004%
     (“Mr. Sako”)                                                                (Note 6)
 Meng Li Qiu              Company       Long position   Beneficial owner           50,000          0.004%
     (“Professor Meng”)                                                          (Note 4)
 Ye Guo Qiang             Company       Long position   Beneficial owner         585,000            0.05%
     (“Mr. Ye”)                                                                  (Note 7)




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026             59
   OTHER INFORMATION


   Note 1:   The percentage of the Company’s issued share capital is based on the 1,183,563,199 Shares
             (including treasury Shares) issued as at 30 June 2026.


   Note 2:   As at 30 June 2026, Ms. Wei and Minth Holdings were beneficially interested in 1,850,000
             Shares and 450,072,000 Shares respectively. Minth Holdings is wholly-owned by Mr. Chin
             Jong Hwa and he is therefore deemed to be interested in the entire 450,072,000 Shares
             held by Minth Holdings. Since Ms. Wei is the spouse of Mr. Chin Jong Hwa, Ms. Wei is
             deemed to be interested in the 450,072,000 Shares in which Mr. Chin Jong Hwa is deemed
             to be interested.


   Note 3:   This figure represents (i) 500,000 Share Options granted to Ms. Zhang under the 2022
             Share Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii) 240,000 Shares held by Ms. Zhang. Upon
             exercise of the 500,000 Share Options, Ms. Zhang will own 740,000 Shares.


   Note 4:   These figures represent the number of Share Options granted to Mr. William Chin, Ms. Chin,
             Mr. Mok and Professor Meng under the 2022 Share Option Scheme that are exercisable.
             Upon exercise of the Share Options, Mr. William Chin, Ms. Chin, Mr. Mok and Professor
             Meng will own 300,000 Shares, 100,000 Shares, 25,000 Shares and 50,000 Shares,
             respectively.


   Note 5:   This figure represents (i) 500,000 Share Options granted to Ms. Xu under the 2022 Share
             Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii) 60,000 Shares held by Ms. Xu. Upon exercise
             of the 500,000 Share Options, Ms. Xu will own 560,000 Shares. Ms. Xu was appointed as
             executive Director on 30 June 2026.


   Note 6:   This figure represents (i) 37,300 Share Options granted to Mr. Sako under the 2022 Share
             Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii) 7,700 Shares held by Mr. Sako. Upon exercise
             of the 37,300 Share Options, Mr. Sako will own 45,000 Shares.


   Note 7:   This figure represents (i) 500,000 Share Options granted to Mr. Ye under the 2022 Share
             Option Scheme that are exercisable and (ii) 85,000 Shares held by Mr. Ye. Upon exercise
             of the 500,000 Share Options, Mr. Ye will own 585,000 Shares. Mr. Ye retired as executive
             Director on 30 June 2026.


   Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors, chief executives and
   their associates had any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying shares and
   debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
   Part XV of the SFO).




60 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                OTHER INFORMATION



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY

During the Review Period, 1,686,400 Share Options were exercised by the grantees
(including two Directors) of the Company’s 2022 Share Option Scheme in accordance
with the rules and terms thereof, and 290,000 Share Options lapsed as a result of the
resignation of grantees.

During the Review Period, the trustee of the Share Award Scheme did not purchase any
Awarded Shares on the Stock Exchange, nor did it grant any Awarded Shares to grantees
under the rules and trust deed of the Share Award Scheme. 895,000 Awarded Shares
were vested to the grantees (including two Directors and one then-serving Director) during
the Review Period, and 25,000 Awarded Shares lapsed due to the grantees’ resignations.

During the Review Period, the Company repurchased a total of 1,000,000 shares of the
Company on the Stock Exchange with details as below, all of which are held as treasury
shares.

                                                Lowest          Highest
                               Number       repurchase       repurchase
 Date of repurchase          of Shares        price per        price per     Aggregate
 of Shares                 repurchased            Share            Share     price paid
                                                  (HKD)            (HKD)          (HKD)
 June 2026                    1,000,000           29.06           30.00    29,799,790.00
 Total                        1,000,000           29.06           30.00    29,799,790.00


Save as disclosed above, there was no issue of any equity securities and no purchase,
sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any listed securities of
the Company (including sale or transfer of treasury shares) during the Review Period.

As at 30 June 2026, the Company held a total of 12,130,000 treasury shares. The Company
intended to determine whether and when these treasury shares so repurchased are to be
cancelled or sold at market price based on market conditions and the capital management
needs of the Group from time to time, or to be utilised for share grants under the share
schemes of the Company in compliance with the Listing Rules, the Memorandum and
Articles of the Company and applicable laws of Cayman Islands.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026        61
   OTHER INFORMATION



   COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE AND THE
   MODEL CODE

   The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code
   provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance
   Code”) set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed below, none of the
   Directors is aware of any information that would reasonably indicate that the Company did
   not comply with the Corporate Governance Code at any time during the Review Period.


   Code Provision C.1.6 stipulates that the independent non-executive directors and
   other non-executive directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a
   balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Mr. Tatsunobu Sako (independent
   non-executive Director) attended the Company’s annual general meeting held on 30 June
   2026 by electronic means; Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill (independent non-executive Director)
   and Mr. Chan Pak Hung (independent non-executive Director) attended the meeting in
   person; Ms. Chin Chien Ya (non-executive Director), Professor Meng Li Qiu (independent
   non-executive Director), and Mr. Hu Ting Wu (independent non-executive Director) were
   unable to attend the meeting due to other business commitments.

   As provided in the code provision C.2.1, the roles of the chairman and the chief executive
   officer (“CEO”) should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. As
   announced on 13 June 2022, the Company has been in search for a new chief executive
   officer following the resignation of the then CEO and, in the meantime, Ms. Wei Ching
   Lien (an executive Director and the Chairperson) assumed (and remained as at the date of
   this interim report) the role of CEO. Taking into account Ms. Wei’s in-depth understanding
   of the Group’s business and that major decisions are being made in consultation with
   members of the Board and relevant Board committees, the Board considers that the
   deviation from code provision C.2.1 is appropriate in such circumstances and allows for
   more effective planning and execution of long-term business strategies and enhances
   efficiency in decision-making during the interim period prior to the next appointment of
   CEO.


   Notwithstanding the above, the Board is of the view that the Group has an effective
   management structure for its operations and sufficient checks and balances are in place.
   The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices in order to enhance
   its corporate governance standard and to comply with regulatory requirements.



62 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                                OTHER INFORMATION


The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the
Company’s code of conduct and the code for dealing in the Company’s securities by all
Directors. Having made specific enquiries to all Directors, the Directors confirmed that
they had strictly complied with the standards stipulated under the Model Code during
the Review Period.


MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

The Group was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance during
the Review Period and up to the date of this interim report.


EVENTS AFTER THE REVIEW PERIOD

There are no material events that are required to be disclosed by the Group during the
Review Period and up to the date of this interim report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDITOR

The Audit Committee of the Company comprises five independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. Mok Kwai Pui Bill (chairperson of the Audit Committee), Mr. Tatsunobu Sako,
Professor Meng Li Qiu, Mr. Chan Pak Hung and Mr. Hu Ting Wu. The Committee reviews
the Group’s internal control systems, the completeness and accuracy of the Group’s
financial statements and liaises on behalf of the Directors with the external auditor.
Members of the committee will meet regularly with the management and external
auditor to review the audit reports as well as the interim and annual financial reports of
the Group. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and this interim report, and
recommended its adoption by the Board.




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026        63
   OTHER INFORMATION


   The unaudited interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been
   reviewed by the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, in accordance with Hong
   Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of Interim Financial Information
   Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the HKICPA. Based on
   the review, nothing has come to attention that causes the auditor to believe that the
   condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in
   accordance with HKAS 34.


   SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO THE 2025 ANNUAL REPORT

   Each of Mr. William Chin, an executive Director, Mr. Chan Pak Hung, an independent
   non-executive Director, and Mr. Hu Ting Wu, an independent non-executive Director was
   appointed on 30 May 2025, and each of them has received legal advice referred to under
   Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 28 May 2025. Each of them has confirmed that he
   understood his obligations as a Director.


   All other information and contents set out in the Company’s 2025 Annual Report remain
   unchanged.


                                                                    By order of the Board
                                                                    Minth Group Limited
                                                                      Wei Ching Lien
                                                                         Chairperson

   Hong Kong, 25 August 2026




64 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
          REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MINTH GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Minth Group
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
set out on pages 67 to 112, which comprise the condensed consolidated statement of
financial position as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month
period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(“Listing Rules”) require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be
in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
“Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for
the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements
in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of
the Entity” issued by the HKICPA. A review of these condensed consolidated financial
statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial
and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review
is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that
we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026        65
   REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



   CONCLUSION

   Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
   the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects,
   in accordance with HKAS 34.




   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
   Certified Public Accountants
   Hong Kong


   25 August 2026




66 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
    PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2026                    2025
                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                        Notes      RMB’000                RMB’000

Revenue                                  3       13,408,353             12,286,969
Cost of sales                                    (9,567,878)            (8,813,909)

Gross profit                                      3,840,475               3,473,060
Investment income                        4          108,446                 107,686
Other income                             5          167,491                 125,212
Impairment losses under expected
   credit loss model, net of reversal    14         (16,455)                (19,060)
Other gains and losses                   6           55,038                  94,231
Distribution and selling expenses                  (530,212)               (512,241)
Administrative expenses                            (894,289)               (804,519)
Research expenditures                              (820,866)               (726,299)
Interest expenses                                  (162,110)               (178,487)
Share of results of joint ventures                   15,434                  21,845
Share of results of associates                      (19,029)                 (10,816)

Profit before tax                                 1,743,923               1,570,612
Income tax expense                       7         (279,015)               (251,428)

Profit for the period                    8        1,464,908               1,319,184




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026             67
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
   PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                           2026             2025
                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                              Note      RMB’000         RMB’000

     Other comprehensive (expense)
        income:
     Items that may be subsequently
        reclassified to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences arising
           on translation of financial
           statements of foreign
           operations                                   (661,433)        600,436
        Fair value loss on debt
           instruments measured at
           fair value through other
           comprehensive income                             (306)          (1,078)

     Other comprehensive (expense)
        income for the period (net of
        income tax)                                     (661,739)        599,358

     Total comprehensive income for the
       period                                           803,169        1,918,542

     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                           1,434,144       1,276,562
       Non-controlling interests                          30,764          42,622

                                                       1,464,908       1,319,184

     Total comprehensive income for the
       period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                            788,767        1,840,864
       Non-controlling interests                         14,402           77,678

                                                        803,169        1,918,542

     Earnings per share                       10
       Basic                                          RMB1.235         RMB1.120

        Diluted                                       RMB1.220         RMB1.115


68 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                     FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                At 30 June 2026



                                                      At                At
                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                    2026             2025
                                             (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                     Notes      RMB’000          RMB’000
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment       11      16,812,246       16,529,665
  Right-of-use assets                 11         966,519          972,765
  Goodwill                                        98,030           98,030
  Other intangible assets             11         144,888          148,768
  Interests in joint ventures                    259,808          274,693
  Interests in associates                         97,516          116,546
  Deferred tax assets                            682,932          601,429
  Prepayment for acquisition of
     property, plant and equipment               540,128          550,609
  Contract assets                     13       1,094,403        1,079,246
  Contract costs                                  57,223           69,239
  Financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss           15       2,090,249        2,355,566
  Plan assets                                          –            2,659
  Time deposits                                1,902,486        1,515,407
  Derivative financial assets         16          23,930            4,473
                                              24,770,358       24,319,095
Current assets
  Inventories                                  5,227,485        4,598,225
  Loan receivables                                48,055           69,403
  Trade and other receivables         12       7,851,936        7,232,817
  Contract assets                     13         286,813          289,582
  Derivative financial assets         16          19,144           23,471
  Debt instruments at fair value
     through other comprehensive
     income                                     120,009           460,622
  Pledged bank deposits and time
     deposits                                  1,074,391        1,532,737
  Cash and cash equivalents                    4,524,594        3,751,454
  Financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss           15               –            21,654
                                              19,152,427       17,979,965



                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026        69
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
   FINANCIAL POSITION
   At 30 June 2026



                                                              At              At
                                                         30 June   31 December
                                                            2026           2025
                                                     (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                             Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000
     Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables               17       9,212,687      7,881,010
       Tax liabilities                                   376,875        362,291
       Borrowings                             18       6,848,981      7,034,917
       Lease liabilities                                  20,263         19,975
       Contract liabilities                              195,181        190,140
       Derivative financial liabilities       16           2,348          6,262
       Other long-term liabilities due
          within one year                     21          46,600         46,600
                                                      16,702,935     15,541,195
     Net current assets                                2,449,492      2,438,770
     Total assets less current liabilities            27,219,850     26,757,865
     Capital and reserves
       Share capital                          19         118,230        118,081
       Share premium and reserves                     23,434,720     23,384,368
     Equity attributable to owners of
       the Company                                    23,552,950     23,502,449
     Non-controlling interests                         1,070,410        910,027
     Total equity                                     24,623,360     24,412,476
     Non-current liabilities
       Borrowings                             18       2,102,036      1,917,866
       Deferred tax liabilities                          243,232        178,898
       Lease liabilities                                  76,554         68,638
       Contract liabilities                              140,396        147,505
       Deferred income                        20          34,272         32,482
                                                       2,596,490      2,345,389
                                                      27,219,850     26,757,865




70 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                  CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                                Statutory                                          Share                 Attributable
                                                                                                  surplus Enterprise                              –based                  to owners        Non–
                                     Share       Share     Treasury     Special       Other       reserve expansion      FVTOCI     Exchange    payment      Retained          of the controlling
                                    capital   premium         stock     reserve     reserve          fund      fund      reserve      reserve    reserve       profits     Company interests             Total
                                                                        (note i)    (note ii)    (note iii)             (note iv)
                                  RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
At 1 January 2025 (audited)       116,269     4,153,085    (382,649)    276,199      87,931     1,073,376    430,651      (2,358)   (179,432)    318,192 14,553,888 20,445,152           813,779 21,258,931
Profit for the period                    –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –           –    1,276,562     1,276,562       42,622     1,319,184
Other comprehensive
   (expense) income for
   the period                            –            –           –           –            –            –          –      (1,078)    565,380           –            –       564,302       35,056      599,358
Total comprehensive (expense)
   income for the period                 –            –           –           –            –            –          –      (1,078)    565,380           –    1,276,562     1,840,864       77,678     1,918,542
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –      32,045            –        32,045             –      32,045
Dividends declared to non-
   controlling interest                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –           –            –             –       (11,464)     (11,464)
Dividends recognised as
   distribution (note 9)                 –            –       4,572           –            –            –          –           –           –           –     (465,211)     (460,639)            –     (460,639)
Exercise of share options and
   vested of restricted shares          38       (3,926)     35,187           –            –            –          –           –           –     (25,568)           –         5,731             –        5,731
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payment in a
   subsidiary (note 22)                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –        134             –           134          234           368
Treasury stock (note v)                  –            –     (15,610)          –            –            –          –           –           –          –             –       (15,610)           –       (15,610)
At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)       116,307     4,149,159    (358,500)    276,199      87,931     1,073,376    430,651      (3,436)    385,948     324,803 15,365,239 21,847,677           880,227 22,727,904


                                                                                                Statutory                                          Share             Attributable
                                                                                                  surplus Enterprise                             –based               to owners        Non–
                                    Share        Share     Treasury     Special        Other      reserve expansion     FVTOCI Exchange         payment     Retained       of the controlling
                                   capital    premium         stock     reserve      reserve         fund      fund     reserve  reserve         reserve      profits Company interests                  Total
                                                                        (note i)    (note ii)    (note iii)            (note iv)
                                  RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
At 1 January 2026 (audited)       118,081     4,632,595    (358,500)    276,199      87,931     1,073,376    430,651      (3,282)    206,930     257,500 16,780,968 23,502,449           910,027 24,412,476
Profit for the period                    –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –           –    1,434,144     1,434,144       30,764     1,464,908
Other comprehensive expense
   for the period                        –            –           –           –            –            –          –        (306)   (645,071)          –            –      (645,377)      (16,362)   (661,739)
Total comprehensive (expense)
   income for the period                 –            –           –           –            –            –          –        (306)   (645,071)          –    1,434,144       788,767       14,402      803,169
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –      27,185            –        27,185             –      27,185
Dividends declared to non-
   controlling interest                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –           –            –             –       (18,609)     (18,609)
Dividends recognised as
   distribution (note 9)                 –            –       6,153           –            –            –          –           –           –           –    (777,331)      (771,178)            –    (771,178)
Exercise of share options and
   vested of restricted shares        149       25,438       15,073           –            –            –          –           –           –     (18,618)           –        22,042             –      22,042
Capital contribution from
   non-controlling shareholders
   (note vi)                             –            –           –           –        7,195            –          –           –           –           –            –         7,195      160,302      167,497
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payment in a
   subsidiary (note 22)                  –            –           –           –            –            –          –           –           –       2,263            –         2,263        4,288         6,551
Treasury stock (note v)                  –            –     (25,773)          –            –            –          –           –           –           –            –       (25,773)           –       (25,773)
At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)       118,230     4,658,033    (363,047)    276,199      95,126     1,073,376    430,651      (3,588)   (438,141)    268,330 17,437,781 23,552,950         1,070,410 24,623,360




                                                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026                                          71
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
   CHANGES IN EQUITY
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   Notes:


   (i)      The special reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal amount of the
            shares issued by the Company and the aggregate amount of the paid-in capital of subsidiaries
            acquired pursuant to the group reorganisation in June 2005.


   (ii)     The other reserve of the Group consists of: (i) contributions from the single largest shareholder
            Mr. Chin Jong Hwa (“Mr. Chin”) in connection with the Group’s acquisition of an associate from
            Mr. Chin pursuant to the group reorganisation, (ii) reserve arising from acquisition of additional
            interest in a subsidiary, (iii) revaluation reserve recognised upon acquisition of businesses from
            interests in joint ventures, (iv) reserve transferred from share options reserve for share options
            forfeited after the vesting date, and (v) contributions from the non-controlling shareholders in
            subsidiaries.


   (iii)    As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprise in the
            People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory
            surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. Appropriations to such reserves are made out
            of profit after taxation of the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries. The amount
            and basis of allocation are decided by its respective board of directors annually. The statutory
            surplus reserve fund can be used to make up its prior year losses, if any, and can be applied
            in conversion into capital by means of capitalisation issue. The enterprise expansion funds are
            also appropriated out of profit after taxation of the statutory financial statements of the PRC
            subsidiaries subject to the approval by its respective board of directors annually, for the use
            of development and expanding the capital base of the PRC subsidiaries.


   (iv)     The financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
            (“FVTOCI”) reserve represents the changes in fair value of bill receivables which was measured
            as debt instruments at FVTOCI in the condensed consolidated financial statements.




72 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                          CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



(v)    On 21 August 2024, the board of directors of the Company decided to repurchase up to
       116,199,359 shares of the Company, representing 10% of the total number of issued shares.
       Such repurchase will be conducted in the open market from time to time, in accordance with
       prevailing market conditions, and will utilize a maximum amount of HK$500,000,000 for the
       Proposed Share Repurchase. The actual repurchase price for each share shall be no more
       than 5% higher than the average closing market price for the Shares over the five trading
       days immediately preceding each repurchase. During the current interim period, the Group
       repurchased a total of 1,000,000 shares at an aggregate cost amounting to RMB25,773,000
       (the prior interim period: the Group repurchased a total of 886,000 shares at an aggregate cost
       amounting to RMB15,610,000).


(vi)   In January 2026, United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD. (“UATC”), a subsidiary of the Group,
       initiated a public offering for 21,000,000 new issued ordinary shares with a subscription price
       of New Taiwan Dollar (“NTD”) 50 per share, under which 6,094,667 shares and 983,761
       shares were subscribed by the Group and Mr. Chin, respectively. Upon completion of the
       public offering, the Group received capital contributions from non-controlling shareholders
       amounting to NTD745,267,000 (equivalent to RMB158,965,000), and the equity shares held by
       the Group and Mr. Chin have been diluted to 34.54% and 5.57%, respectively. Besides, the
       Group also received the capital contribution from the non-controlling shareholder amounting to
       RMB8,532,000 for the subsidiary of UATC, which was established during the current interim
       period.




                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026             73
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
   CASH FLOWS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2026             2025
                                                       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
     NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                  1,648,930       2,236,847
     NET CASH USED IN INVESTING
       ACTIVITIES:
       Proceeds from redemption of other
          financial assets and derivative financial
          instruments                                    6,174,083       2,587,271
       Investment in other financial assets and
          derivative financial instruments              (6,122,047)      (2,478,108)
       Receipt of government subsidies related
          to assets                                        18,284          185,751
       Interest received                                  190,459           91,885
       Dividends received from joint ventures              30,319           25,731
       Proceeds on disposal of property, plant
          and equipment                                      1,932          21,005
       Proceeds on disposal of right-of-use
          assets                                                 –          15,430
       Placement of pledged bank deposits and
          time deposits                                 (1,242,479)       (879,801)
       Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits and
          time deposits                                  1,280,166       1,359,307
       Purchases of property, plant and
          equipment                                     (1,620,892)       (902,056)
       Repayment from an associate                          19,434               –
       Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash
          acquired                                               –           33,945
       Loan to associates                                        –          (36,511)
       Purchases of other intangible assets                (21,420)         (84,776)
       Acquisition of financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                                 –        (100,038)
       Dividend received from financial assets
          at fair value through profit or loss              21,003                –
       Proceeds from disposal of financial assets
          at fair value through profit or loss            182,854                 –
                                                        (1,088,304)       (160,965)



74 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                     CASH FLOWS
                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                     2026                    2025
                                               (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING
  ACTIVITIES:
  Repayment of borrowings                      (10,635,512)           (11,593,004)
  Dividends paid to owners of the Company                –               (460,639)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling
     shareholders                                   (6,000)               (11,464)
  Interest paid                                   (161,392)              (178,888)
  New borrowings raised                         11,030,933             11,912,264
  Payment on repurchase shares as
     treasury stock                                (25,773)                 (15,610)
  Repayment of long-term liability due
     within one year                                     –                (800,000)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                   (13,623)                 (7,710)
  Proceeds from exercise of share options           22,042                   5,731
  Capital contributions from non-controlling
     shareholders                                 167,497                          –
                                                  378,172               (1,149,320)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents         938,798                  926,562
Cash and cash equivalents at the
  beginning of the period                        3,751,454               2,440,779
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes         (165,658)                 45,362
Cash and cash equivalents at the end
  of the period                                  4,524,594               3,412,703




                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026             75
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   1.     BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
          with HKAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the HKICPA as well as the
          applicable disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules.


          The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi
          (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional currency of the Company.


   2.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
          historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
          at fair values, as appropriate.


          Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to
          HKFRS Accounting Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation
          used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended
          30 June 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial
          statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


          Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards

          In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to
          HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are
          mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2026
          for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and               Amendments to the Classification and
           HKFRS 7                                  Measurement of Financial Instruments
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent
           HKFRS 7                                  Electricity
          Amendments to HKFRS Accounting          Annual Improvements to HKFRS
           Standards                                Accounting Standards – Volume 11




76 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the current
   interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
   performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in
   these condensed consolidated financial statements.


3A. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

   Disaggregation of revenue

                                    Six months ended 30 June 2026 (unaudited)
                                     Automobile
                                     body parts           Moulds               Total
                                       RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

    Types of goods
    Sales of goods                    12,763,304          645,049          13,408,353

    Geographical markets
    The PRC                            3,963,675          317,617            4,281,292
    Europe, the Middle East and
      Africa (“EMEA”)                  4,807,896          128,683            4,936,579
    Americas                           3,157,647          151,181            3,308,828
    Japan & Korea (“JP & KR”)            632,185           40,719              672,904
    Others                               201,901            6,849              208,750

    Total                             12,763,304          645,049          13,408,353




                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026             77
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                             Six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)
                                             Automobile
                                              body parts       Moulds            Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Types of goods
            Sales of goods                    11,634,570          652,399      12,286,969

            Geographical markets
            The PRC                            4,007,449          298,824        4,306,273
            EMEA                               4,115,212          141,839        4,257,051
            Americas                           2,873,834          175,490        3,049,324
            JP & KR                              416,405           35,779          452,184
            Others                               221,670              467          222,137

            Total                             11,634,570          652,399      12,286,969


          All the revenue of the Group has been recognised at a point in time.


          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, to better reflect the ultimate
          locations of customers’ operations, the Group refined the revenue classification of
          geographical markets from other countries to EMEA, Americas and JP & KR, and
          comparative information has been restated.


   3B. SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief
          operating decision makers, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment
          of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered.


          No operating segments have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments
          of the Group.




78 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable
segments:


For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (unaudited)

                                           Body
                                      Structure
                                       (formerly
                                      known as
                                         Battery-
                                        housing)      Plastic Metal & Trim    Aluminum     Others     Elimination Consolidated
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

 Segment revenue                      4,512,813     3,231,656     2,738,608   2,398,873   1,719,898    (1,193,495)   13,408,353

 Segment profit                         997,193       942,362      854,944      785,849    269,111         (8,984)    3,840,475

 Investment income                                                                                                     108,446
 Other unallocated income and gains
      and losses                                                                                                        206,074
 Unallocated expenses                                                                                                (2,245,367)
 Interest expenses                                                                                                     (162,110)
 Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                      15,434
 Share of results of associates                                                                                         (19,029)

 Profit before tax                                                                                                    1,743,923
 Income tax expense                                                                                                    (279,015)

 Profit for the period                                                                                                1,464,908




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026                     79
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)

                                                     Body
                                                 Structure     Plastic   Metal & Trim    Aluminum      Others    Elimination   Consolidated
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

            Segment revenue                      3,581,923   2,867,481      2,660,040    2,469,038   1,669,679     (961,192)    12,286,969

            Segment profit                        824,188     749,299        748,193      805,449     350,670        (4,739)     3,473,060

            Investment income                                                                                                      107,686
            Other unallocated income and gains
                 and losses                                                                                                         200,383
            Unallocated expenses                                                                                                 (2,043,059)
            Interest expenses                                                                                                      (178,487)
            Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                       21,845
            Share of results of associates                                                                                          (10,816)

            Profit before tax                                                                                                    1,570,612
            Income tax expense                                                                                                    (251,428)

            Profit for the period                                                                                                1,319,184



   4.     INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2026                        2025
                                                                                        (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)
                                                                                           RMB’000                    RMB’000

            Interest on bank balance                                                         107,144                       106,529
            Interest on loan receivables                                                       1,302                         1,157

            Total                                                                            108,446                       107,686




80 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2026



5.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

           Government grants (note i)                                      86,396                 46,908
           Tax incentives                                                  26,516                 34,041
           Service and consultation income (note ii)                       14,775                 13,656
           Sales of scrap and raw materials (note iii)                     17,599                 18,099
           Property rental income, net of outgoings                        10,217                  8,329
           Others                                                          11,988                  4,179

           Total                                                          167,491                125,212


     Notes:


     (i)           The amounts represent the various subsidies granted by the PRC and other countries’
                   local government authorities to group entities as incentives for their good performance
                   in quality control or environmental protection, or involvement in the hi-tech know-how
                   industry and product development activities. The government grants were unconditional
                   and had been approved by the PRC and other countries’ local government authorities.


     (ii)          The Group provides certain maintenance, repairing and technical consultation services
                   to customers, which are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time
                   as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                   Group’s performance as the Group performs. As a practical expedient, the Group has not
                   disclosed the information of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance
                   obligation has an original expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in
                   note 5 for the period have been offset by the relevant costs for service and consultation
                   income of RMB21,472,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB2,174,000).


     (iii)         Revenue for sales of scrap and raw materials is recognised when control of the
                   materials has been transferred to the buyer, being at the point the goods are delivered
                   to the buyer. As a practical expedient, the Group has not disclosed the information
                   of unsatisfied performance obligation since the performance obligation has an original
                   expected duration of one year or less. The amounts shown in note 5 for the period have
                   been offset by the relevant costs for sales of scrap and raw materials of RMB83,743,000
                   (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB182,829,000).


                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026             81
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   6.     OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2026                    2025
                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

            Net foreign exchange gains (losses)                        70,023                (23,385)
            Losses on disposal of property, plant
               and equipment                                          (10,424)               (10,452)
            Impairment losses recognised on
               property, plant and equipment                                 –               (32,117)
            Gains on fair value changes of derivative
               financial instruments                                   71,428               101,964
            (Losses) Gains on fair value changes
               of other financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
               (note 15(iii)(iv))                                   (107,463)                34,007
            Gains on disposal of other financial
               assets at FVTPL                                          2,203                       –
            Dividend income from other financial
               assets at FVTPL (note 15(iii))                          33,407                       –
            Gain on bargain purchase recognised in
               acquisition of a subsidiary (note)                            –               27,452
            Others                                                     (4,136)               (3,238)

            Total                                                      55,038                94,231


          Note:


          During the prior interim period, the Group entered into an agreement with the shareholder of
          a joint venture of the Group, to acquire the remaining 50% interest in the joint venture. Upon
          the completion of the equity transfer, the Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of
          RMB27,452,000 as the fair value of the net assets acquired was higher than the consideration,
          and the joint venture became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.




82 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026



7.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                            2026                      2025
                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Current tax:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                          188,248                  246,130
        Other jurisdictions                                114,424                   54,443

                                                           302,672                  300,573

      Over provision in prior years:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                            (6,488)                  (6,723)

      Deferred tax:
        Current period                                      (17,169)                 (42,422)

                                                           279,015                  251,428


     The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by the HKICPA in July 2023
     from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in HKAS 12. Accordingly, the
     Group neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and
     liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, and accounts for such taxes as current
     tax when incurred.


     The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published
     Pillar Two Rules in December 2021, with the effect that a jurisdiction may enact
     domestic tax laws (“Pillar Two legislation”) to implement the Pillar Two Rules on
     a globally agreed common approach. Pillar Two legislation applies to a member of
     a multinational group within the scope of the Pillar Two Rules, which the Group
     is reasonably expected to fall into. It imposes a top-up tax on profits arising in a
     jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate determined by the Pillar Two Rules on
     a jurisdictional basis is below a minimum rate of 15%.




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026             83
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules are
          effective. The Group has reviewed its corporate structure in light of the introduction
          of Pillar Two Rules in various jurisdictions. While such new rules introduce
          complexity into the Group’s calculation of income tax expense, the Group has
          recognised a current tax expense related to the Pillar Two Rules for the six months
          ended 30 June 2026. Due to the novelty and complexity of Pillar Two Rules, the
          Group continues to monitor for advancements and further guidance on Pillar Two
          Rules, considering impacts of such developments on its tax expense.


   8.     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

          Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting) the following items:


                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                             (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Directors’ remuneration                                 3,866                 5,156
            Other staff’s salaries and allowances               2,573,743             2,232,596
            Other staff’s related welfares and
               benefits                                           167,814               156,930
            Other staff’s retirement benefits
               scheme contributions                               227,644               164,654
            Other staff’s share-based payments                     32,792                29,787

            Total staff costs                                   3,005,859             2,589,123

            Depreciation of property, plant and
              equipment                                           837,443               788,380
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    17,521                21,318
            Amortisation of other intangible assets                24,524                23,056
            Amortisation of contract costs                         10,624                 9,582

            Total depreciation and amortisation                   890,112               842,336

            Cost of inventories recognised                      9,567,878             8,813,909
            Write-down of inventories                              51,905                51,301
            Reversal of inventories provision                     (19,902)               (4,629)




84 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2026



9.   DIVIDENDS

                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                        2026                     2025
                                                  (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Dividends recognised as distribution
         during the period:
      2025 Final dividend – HK$0.764 (2024:
         Final dividend – HK$0.435) per share          777,331                 465,211


     On 25 June 2025, a dividend of HK$0.435 per share was paid to shareholders as
     the final dividend for 2024.


     On 30 June 2026, the proposal for the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.764
     per share to shareholders was approved at the Company’s annual general meeting.


     The Directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be proposed
     in respect of the interim period for both current and last periods.




                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026             85
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   10.    EARNINGS PER SHARE

          The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners
          of the Company is based on the following data:


                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026                 2025
                                                            (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

            Earnings
            Earnings for the purpose of calculating
               basic earnings per share                       1,434,144            1,276,562
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary
               shares:
               Adjustment to the share of profit of
                 subsidiaries based on dilution of
                 their earnings per share                              –                  (55)

            Earnings for the purpose of calculating
              diluted earnings per share                      1,434,144            1,276,507


                                                                    ’000                 ’000

            Number of shares
            Weighted average number of ordinary
               shares for the purpose of calculating
               basic earnings per share (note i)              1,160,893            1,139,903
            Effect of dilutive share options and
               restricted shares (note ii)                       14,869                5,433

            Weighted average number of ordinary
             shares for the purpose of calculating
             diluted earnings per share                       1,175,762            1,145,336




86 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026



      Notes:


      (i)      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic
               earnings per share has been adjusted by the number of unvested ordinary shares held
               by the Trustee for the 2020 Share Award Scheme and the number of shares repurchased
               as of 30 June 2026.


      (ii)     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, all the outstanding share options and unvested
               restricted shares of the Company were included in the computation of diluted earnings
               per share. While for the six months ended 30 June 2025, certain outstanding share
               options of the Company were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation,
               as the exercise prices of these options were higher than the average market prices of
               the Company’s shares during the prior interim period, and these options had no dilutive
               effect on earnings per share.


11.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      During the current interim period, the Group spent RMB1,620,892,000
      (RMB902,056,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025) on the construction of
      the manufacturing plant and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment in the
      PRC, the United States of America, Thailand, Britain, Czech Republic, Germany,
      Mexico, Poland, Japan, France, Korea, Canada and Republic of Serbia, in order to
      upgrade its manufacturing capabilities.


      During the last interim period, due to the change of business plan, the management
      of the Group identified certain idle machinery and equipment while the Group
      assessed that they had no alternative plan to use them since these assets were
      all customised machinery and equipment for its certain customers. Accordingly, the
      Group recognised an impairment in respect of these idle machinery and equipment
      in full with carrying amounts of RMB32,117,000 for the six months ended 30 June
      2025, and no impairment was recognised during the current interim period.


      During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease
      agreements with lease terms ranging from 1 to 30 years. The Group is required to
      make fixed monthly payments during the contract period. On lease commencement,
      the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB26,787,000 (for the six months
      ended 30 June 2025: RMB19,292,000) and lease liabilities of RMB26,787,000 (for
      the six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB19,292,000).

                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026             87
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          During the current interim period, the Group spent RMB21,420,000 (RMB84,776,000
          for the six months ended 30 June 2025) on software and patents in the PRC, in
          order to upgrade its digital manufacturing capabilities.

   12.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                       At                    At
                                                                  30 June         31 December
                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
              Trade receivables
                 – associates                                       10,194               10,229
                 – joint ventures                                   12,437               14,641
                 – other related parties*                              987                  386
                 – third parties                                 5,642,735            5,239,599
              Less: Allowance for credit losses                    (79,480)             (68,291)
                                                                 5,586,873            5,196,564
              Bills receivables                                      1,618               14,263

              Other receivables                                    188,575               93,676
              Less: Allowance for credit losses                          –                    –

                                                                   188,575               93,676
                                                                 5,777,066            5,304,503
              Prepayments to suppliers (note)                    1,171,030              920,735
              Utilities and rental prepayments                      48,909               42,151
              Prepaid value-added tax recoverable
                 and refundable                                    700,748              728,690
              Interest receivable                                  154,183              236,738
              Total trade and other receivables                  7,851,936            7,232,817


          *        The companies are those in which Mr. Chin, the single largest shareholder of the
                   Company, and his family have control.


          Note: As at 30 June 2026, the increase of prepayments to suppliers is mainly related to
                aluminium purchase in advance for strategic reserve purpose.



88 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026



      The Group normally grants a credit period of 60 days to 90 days to customers
      effective from the invoice date. The following is an aged analysis of trade
      receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the invoice date
      at the end of the reporting period, which approximated the respective revenue
      recognition dates:


                                                              At                      At
                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                            2026                   2025
                                                     (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

       Age
       0–90 days                                        5,016,316               4,653,799
       91–180 days                                        358,734                 366,446
       181–365 days                                       155,575                 128,855
       1–2 years                                           50,607                  42,188
       Over 2 years                                         5,641                   5,276

                                                        5,586,873               5,196,564


13.   CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                              At                      At
                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                            2026                   2025
                                                     (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

       Moulds development                               1,389,232               1,376,844
       Less: Allowance for credit losses                   (8,016)                 (8,016)

                                                        1,381,216               1,368,828

       Analysed for reporting purposes as:
       Current                                            286,813                 289,582
       Non-current                                      1,094,403               1,079,246

                                                        1,381,216               1,368,828




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026             89
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          The contract assets are in relation to the Group’s rights to consideration for moulds
          development work which are fully completed and accepted by the customers but
          not billed yet. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables at the time
          the rights to consideration become unconditional as stipulated in the relevant
          contracts.


   14.    IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND
          OTHER ITEMS SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES (“ECL”)
          MODEL

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2026                  2025
                                                           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

            Impairment losses recognised in
               respect of
            Trade receivables                                    16,455              19,060
            Other receivables                                         –                   –

                                                                 16,455              19,060


          The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques
          used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended
          30 June 2026 are the same as those followed in the preparation of the Group’s
          annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.




90 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



15.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
      LOSS

                                                                         At                      At
                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

            Listed equity investments                                 15,146                  37,713
               – Equity shares in a PRC A share
                    listed entity (note i)                                   –                21,654
               – Equity shares in a non-PRC
                    listed entity (note ii)                           15,146                  16,059
            Unlisted equity investments (note iii)                 1,091,193               1,182,958
            Structured deposit (note iv)                             983,910               1,156,549

                                                                   2,090,249               2,377,220

            Analysed for reporting purposes as:
            Current                                                          –                21,654
            Non-current                                            2,090,249               2,355,566

                                                                   2,090,249               2,377,220


      Notes:


      As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the financial assets at FVTPL held by the Group
      were composed of:


      (i)       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in PRC
                A share stock market which are held for trading and measured at FVTPL. During the
                current interim period, the Group disposed of all the ordinary shares of the entity.


      (ii)      The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in
                Finland NASDAQ HELSINKI (“NASDAQ”) stock market which is established in Finland
                and primarily engaged in the production and sales of nano-material. The Group made an
                initial investment of EUR3,000,000 in 2022 in the entity when it was a private entity.
                During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group disposed partially of its equity
                share in the entity before it became listed in NASDAQ and continuously measures the
                remaining shares at FVTPL.


                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026             91
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made an investment amounting to
                  Japanese Yen (“JPY”) 26,096,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,182,958,000)
                  in a trust whose underlying asset is the Global Headquarters Building of Nissan Motor
                  Co., Ltd. with a long-term lease arrangement. Pursuant to the related agreements, the
                  Group has neither significant influence nor control over such investment and recognised
                  the investment as the financial asset measured at FVTPL. During the current interim
                  period, the Group recognised a fair value loss of RMB85,642,000 and dividend income
                  of RMB33,407,000. To manage foreign exchange and interest rate risk exposures arising
                  from such JPY denominated investments, the Group utilised foreign currency financing
                  and cross-currency swap instruments, and such cross-currency swap contracts recorded
                  a gain of RMB19,457,000 during the current interim period as included in gains on fair
                  value changes of derivative financial instruments in note 6.


          (iv)    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into structured deposit
                  agreements with two banks with an amount of USD150,000,000 (equivalent to
                  approximately RMB1,073,015,000). During the current interim period, the Group disposed
                  of an amount of USD22,124,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB150,813,000). The
                  Group continuously measures the remaining deposit at FVTPL and losses on fair value
                  changes of RMB21,821,000 were recognised during the current interim period (gains on
                  fair value changes of RMB30,338,000 were recognised during the prior interim period).


          Details of the fair value measurement of the financial assets at FVTPL are set out in note 26.




92 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16.   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
      LIABILITIES

                                                           At                       At
                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                        2026                     2025
                                                 (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

       Derivative financial assets
       Foreign exchange forward contracts
         (note a)                                     19,001                  17,915
       Foreign exchange structural option
         contracts (note b)                               143                     164
       Cross-currency swap contracts (note c)         23,930                    9,865

                                                      43,074                  27,944

       Derivative financial liabilities
       Foreign exchange forward contracts
         (note a)                                      2,289                      845
       Foreign exchange structural option
         contracts (note b)                                59                     388
       Cross-currency swap contracts (note c)                –                  5,029

                                                       2,348                    6,262




                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026             93
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                   At                  At
                                                                              30 June       31 December
                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                          (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

               Analysed for reporting purposes as:
               Current assets                                                   19,144                23,471
               Non-current assets                                               23,930                 4,473

                                                                                43,074                27,944
               Current liabilities                                               2,348                 6,262

                                                                                 2,348                 6,262


          Notes:


          a.        Foreign exchange forward contracts


                    As at 30 June 2026, the Group had a number of outstanding foreign exchange
                    forward contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB19,001,000 (31 December 2025:
                    RMB17,915,000), and derivative financial liabilities of RMB2,289,000 (31 December
                    2025: RMB845,000) have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the
                    above foreign exchange forward contracts, respectively.


          b.        Foreign exchange structural option contracts


                    As at 30 June 2026, the Group had a number of outstanding foreign exchange structural
                    option contracts. Derivative financial assets of RMB143,000 (31 December 2025:
                    RMB164,000), and derivative financial liabilities of RMB59,000 (31 December 2025:
                    RMB388,000) have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above
                    option contracts, respectively.


          c.        Cross-currency swap contracts


                    As at 30 June 2026, the Group had a number of outstanding cross-currency
                    swap   contracts.   Derivative   financial   assets    of   RMB23,930,000   (31   December
                    2025: RMB9,865,000), and derivative financial liabilities of Nil (31 December 2025:
                    RMB5,029,000) have been recognised in accordance with the fair value of the above
                    cross-currency swap contracts, respectively.



94 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2026



17.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                    At                      At
                                                               30 June           31 December
                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                           (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000
          Trade payables
             – associates                                        15,268                   11,958
             – joint ventures                                    35,116                   50,840
             – other related parties*                             4,747                    5,926
             – third parties                                  5,337,249                4,279,884
                                                              5,392,380                4,348,608
          Bills payables                                        509,658                 764,693
          Other payables
            – associates                                              33                      33
            – joint ventures                                         359                     359
            – non-controlling shareholders of
               subsidiaries                                            –                   1,217
            – other related parties*                                 357                     264
                                                                     749                   1,873
                                                              5,902,787                5,115,174
          Payroll and welfare payables                          663,868                 850,256
          Consideration payable for acquisition of
             property, plant and equipment                      723,810                 699,033
          Technology support services fees
             payable                                              7,320                   6,434
          Freight payable                                       159,535                 126,129
          Other tax payable                                     115,200                 153,630
          Deposits received                                      20,782                  12,404
          Dividend payables                                     807,876                  17,936
          Others                                                811,509                 900,014
          Total trade and other payables                      9,212,687                7,881,010


      *       The companies are those in which Mr. Chin and his family have control.




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026             95
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



          The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice
          date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                   At                   At
                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                 2026                2025
                                                          (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
            Age
            0–90 days                                       4,457,205           3,403,338
            91–180 days                                       581,076             586,264
            181–365 days                                      273,002             273,028
            1–2 years                                          63,473              69,951
            Over 2 years                                       17,624              16,027

                                                            5,392,380           4,348,608


   18.    BORROWINGS

          During the current interim period, the Group obtained new borrowings amounting to
          RMB11,030,933,000 (RMB11,912,264,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025).
          The loans bear interest at variable market rates and fixed rates. The proceeds were
          used to provide additional working capital for the Group. Repayments of borrowings
          amounting to RMB10,635,512,000 (RMB11,593,004,000 for the six months ended
          30 June 2025) were made during the current interim period in line with the relevant
          repayment terms.


          In respect of non-current bank loans with a carrying amount of RMB1,343,139,000
          as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: RMB1,306,175,000), the Group is required
          to comply with certain financial covenants which are tested on an annual basis as
          long as the loans are outstanding.


          The Group has complied with these covenants at each test date before the end
          of the reporting period and has classified the balance of the relevant bank loans
          as non-current liabilities.




96 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026



19.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                 Number                    Share
                                                of shares                 capital
                                                     ’000                HK$’000

       Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each


       Authorised:
       As at 1 January 2025 (audited),
         30 June 2025 (unaudited),
         1 January 2026 (audited) and
         30 June 2026 (unaudited)               5,000,000                 500,000


                                                 Number                   Share
                                                of shares                capital
                                                     ’000               RMB’000

       Issued and fully paid:

       As at 1 January 2025 (audited)           1,161,994                 116,269
       Exercise of share options                      409                      38


       As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)           1,162,403                 116,307
       Exercise of share options                   19,474                   1,774


       As at 1 January 2026 (audited)           1,181,877                 118,081
       Exercise of share options                    1,686                     149

       As at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)           1,183,563                 118,230




                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026             97
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   For the six months ended 30 June 2026



   20.    DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                          At               At
                                                                     30 June    31 December
                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                 (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

              Government grants received
                – non-current liabilities                              34,272          32,482


   21.    OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

          During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into an agreement
          with local government funds in the PRC to establish a partnership Jiaxing Minth
          Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (嘉興敏實定向
          股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Jiaxing Partnership”) with an operation period
          of 5 years, whose only investment target was Jiaxing Minhua Automotive Parts
          Co., Ltd.* (嘉興敏華汽車零部件有限公司) (“Jiaxing Minhua”), a subsidiary of the
          Group. Pursuant to the agreement, the local government funds contributed capital
          amounting to RMB800,000,000 into the Jiaxing Partnership. The local government
          funds would neither participate in Jiaxing Partnership’s nor Jiaxing Minhua’s
          operation and management. The local government funds required the Group and
          the Group was obligated to redeem RMB800,000,000 of the capital contributed by
          the local government funds together with interest calculated based on the market
          interest rate, no later than the expiry of the operation period of Jiaxing Partnership.
          The interest could be recognised as a reduction of interest expenses incurred
          under the terms of the agreement when certain conditions were fulfilled during
          the operation period of Jiaxing Partnership. During the year ended 31 December
          2025, the Group repaid the principal to local government funds in full, and as at
          30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the outstanding amount of RMB46,500,000
          was related to interest payable.

          *       The English names are for identification purposes only.




98 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026



22.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

      Share options

      For the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible employees,
      the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “2022 Share Option Scheme”),
      which was approved at the annual general meeting held on 31 May 2022. Such
      scheme will be valid for 10 years from the date of its adoption.


      The Group has granted a series of share options under the 2022 Share Option
      Scheme. For details, please refer to the relevant published announcements of the
      Company.


      The Group granted 30,000,000 share options to certain directors of the Company
      and employees of the Group under the 2022 Share Option Scheme on 2 May 2024
      with the weighted average fair value at the grant date of HK$4.28 per share option,
      pursuant to which, 30% of the granted options can be exercised on or after 5 May
      2025, an additional 30% of the granted options can be exercised on or after 5 May
      2026 and the remaining 40% of the granted options can be exercised on or after
      5 May 2027, at the exercise price of HK$14.30 per share.




                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026             99
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



            The table below discloses the movement of the Company’s share options held by
            the Group’s directors and employees:


                                                                             Number of
                                                                           share options

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                     47,450,600
              Granted during the period                                               –
              Exercised during the period                                      (409,400)
              Forfeited during the period                                      (827,200)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                     46,214,000


                                                                             Number of
                                                                          share options

              Outstanding as at 1 January 2026 (audited)                     26,015,000
              Granted during the period                                               –
              Exercised during the period                                    (1,686,400)
              Forfeited during the period                                      (290,000)

              Outstanding as at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                     24,038,600


            The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before 2 May 2024, the
            date of grant, was HK$13.44. The weighted average fair value of the options on
            the grant date was HK$4.28, which was calculated using the Binomial model. The
            inputs into the model were as follows:


                                                                           2024 options

              Grant date share price                                          HK$14.30
              Exercise price                                                  HK$14.30
              Expected volatility                                                  48%
              Option life                                                    5.66 years
                                                                       From HK$0.73 to
              Expected dividend yield                                          HK$1.50
              Risk-free interest rate                                            3.71%




100 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2026



The Binomial model had been used to estimate the fair value of a series of
share options granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme. The variables and
assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options were based on
the Directors’ best estimate. Changes in variables and assumptions may result in
changes in the fair value of the options.


The Group recognised total expenses of RMB11,955,000 for the current interim
period (RMB25,523,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025) in relation to share
options granted by the Company.


Restricted Shares of the Company

The Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Scheme”) on 28 July 2020, of
which the purpose is to recognise the contributions by certain eligible participants
(the “Scheme Participants”) and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


Pursuant to the Scheme, the Board of Directors shall select the Scheme Participants
and determine the number of shares to be awarded (the “Restricted Shares”). An
independent trustee appointed by the Board (the “Trustee”) shall purchase from
the market such number of issued ordinary shares to be awarded as specified by
the Board.


In September 2020, the Group purchased 8,520,000 issued ordinary shares from
the market through the Trustee for a consideration amounted to approximately
HK$251,265,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB222,075,000). In March 2022,
the Group purchased an additional 3,000,000 issued ordinary shares from the
market through the Trustee, the consideration for which amounted to approximately
HK$57,944,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB46,731,000). These ordinary
shares are held in trust for the relevant Scheme Participants until such shares
vest in the Scheme Participants in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.
Pursuant to the Scheme, in any event, the aggregate number of Shares held by
the Trustee (whether directly or indirectly through other controlled corporations) as
a whole would not exceed 2% of the issued share capital of the Company at any
time (on an actual basis as well as on a fully diluted basis).



                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026             101
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



            The Group has granted a series of batches of Restricted Shares in accordance with
            the Scheme. As of 30 June 2026, the related batches were as below:


            i)      Restricted Shares 2025-A

                    On 22 January 2025, the Board resolved to approve the grant of 895,000
                    Restricted Shares (“Restricted Shares 2025-A”) under the Scheme to the
                    Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero per Restricted Share with a
                    vesting period of one year.


                    The fair value of Restricted Shares 2025-A with service conditions is based
                    on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of
                    grant, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the shares
                    were granted.


                    The closing price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant was HK$16.00.


                    As of 30 June 2026, 895,000 Restricted Shares had fully vested.


            ii)     Restricted Shares 2025-B

                    On 24 October 2025, the Board resolved to approve the grant of 2,400,000
                    Restricted Shares (“Restricted Shares 2025-B“) under the Scheme to 139
                    employees who are the Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero per
                    Restricted Share, and vest over a three-year period that 30%, 30% and 40%
                    of the awards vesting on 26 October 2026, 26 October 2027 and 26 October
                    2028, respectively.


                    The fair value of Restricted Shares 2025-B with service conditions or
                    performance conditions is based on the fair market value of the underlying
                    ordinary shares on the date of grant, taking into account the terms and
                    conditions upon which the shares were granted.


                    The closing price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant was HK$31.82.




102 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026



The table below discloses the movement of the Company’s Restricted Shares
held by the Group’s directors and employees:


Restricted Shares 2025-A

                                                                   Number of
                                                                   Restricted
                                                                      Shares

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                                    –
 Granted during the period                                            895,000

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                           895,000


                                                                  Number of
                                                                   Restricted
                                                                      Shares

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2026 (audited)                           895,000
 Granted during the period                                                  –
 Vested during the period                                            (895,000)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                    –


Restricted Shares 2025-B

                                                                  Number of
                                                                   Restricted
                                                                      Shares

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2026 (audited)                         2,400,000
 Forfeited during the period                                          (25,000)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                         2,375,000


The Group recognised total expenses of RMB15,230,000 for the current
interim period (RMB6,522,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025) in
relation to Restricted Shares granted by the Company.




                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026             103
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



            Restricted Shares of United Alloy-Tech. (BVI) Company LTD.

            UATC, a subsidiary of the Group, announced a share award scheme (the “UATC
            Scheme”) on 8 June 2022, the purpose of which is to recognise the contributions
            by corresponding eligible participants (the “UATC Scheme Participants”) and to
            provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation
            and development of UATC.


            Pursuant to the UATC Scheme, UATC issued 1,500,000 ordinary shares with a
            nominal value of NTD10 in 2022, and such shares expired in 2025.


            On 31 October 2025, the board of UATC resolved to issue an additional 3,200,000
            new shares (the “UATC Restricted Shares”) and approve the grant of corresponding
            shares to the UATC Scheme Participants at the grant price of zero per UATC
            Restricted Share, and vest over a two-and-a-half year period, whereby 30%, 30%
            and 40% of the awards vest at the end of 0.5 years, 1.5 years and 2.5 years from
            the grant date, respectively.


            The fair value of UATC Restricted Shares with service conditions or performance
            conditions is based on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on
            the date of grant, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the
            shares were granted.


            The closing price of the UATC’s shares at the date of grant was NTD54.10.




104 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026



The following table summarised the UATC Restricted Shares activity for the current
interim period:


                                                                        Number of
                                                                        Restricted
                                                                           Shares

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 (audited)                               1,064,530
 Granted during the period                                                        –
 Vested during the period                                                         –
 Forfeited during the period                                               (216,580)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                 847,950


                                                                       Number of
                                                                        Restricted
                                                                           Shares

 Outstanding as at 1 January 2026 (audited)                               3,200,000
 Granted during the period                                                        –
 Vested during the period                                                  (852,000)
 Forfeited during the period                                               (283,000)

 Outstanding as at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                               2,065,000


UATC recognised total expenses of RMB6,551,000 for the current interim period
(RMB368,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025) in relation to UATC Restricted
Shares granted.




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026             105
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     23.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED
            TRANSACTIONS

            Save as disclosed elsewhere, the Group has the following significant transactions
            with related/connected parties during the period:

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
              Relationship with related/
              connected party                    Nature of transactions               2026          2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000
              Joint ventures, in which the Group Sales of raw materials                 266        1,380
                 has 30% and 50% equity          Sales of finished goods              1,442       14,138
                 interests (note)                Sales of moulds                          –          246
                                                 Purchases of raw materials           6,102       31,053
                                                 Purchases of finished goods         51,965      103,505
                                                 Purchases of moulds                  4,179          667
                                                 Other operating expense                277          541
                                                 Property rentals income              3,494        4,096
                                                 Property rentals expense                 –          634
                                                 Other operating income               6,270        6,089
                                                 Proceeds from disposal
                                                   of property, plant and
                                                   equipment                             3         2,626
                                                 Consulting services income            367         3,355

              Associates, in which the Group has Sales of finished goods                 2             8
                 10%, 30%, 35%, 40% and 49% Sales of raw materials                   1,462         1,405
                 equity interests                Purchases of raw materials        132,297        34,473
                                                 Purchases of moulds                 1,481             –
                                                 Purchases of finished goods         2,754         2,581
                                                 Property rentals income             2,814         3,336
                                                 Consulting services income          2,530             –
                                                 Other operating income                932         6,487
                                                 Other operating expense                42             –

              Companies in which Mr. Chin and    Sales of raw materials                 296            –
                his family have control          Purchases of raw materials           2,676          868
                                                 Purchases of finished goods          6,479        4,525
                                                 Property rentals expense            14,255        4,836
                                                 Property rentals income                520            3
                                                 Technology support services
                                                   charge                                 –          343
                                                 Other operating income               1,127        1,740
                                                 Other operating expense              3,258       15,588
                                                 Purchases of property, plant
                                                   and equipment                         7            78



106 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026



Note:


During the prior interim period, a joint venture of the Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Group. Therefore, such entity was no longer a related party of the Group from the
acquisition date of 30 May 2025.


The directors represented that they considered the above transactions were carried
out in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business and in accordance with
the terms of agreements governing these transactions.


The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the
period was as follows:


                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                            2026                      2025
                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

 Short-term benefits                                          4,595                    3,441
 Post-employment benefits                                        97                       23
 Share-based payments                                         1,853                    2,952

                                                              6,545                    6,416


The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration
committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026             107
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     24.    PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS

            Pledge of assets

            Certain borrowings and bill payables of the Group were secured by the pledge of
            the Group’s assets and the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:


                                                                     At                   At
                                                                30 June        31 December
                                                                   2026                2025
                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

              Pledged bank deposits                              203,594             275,997
              Pledged debt instruments at fair
                 value through other comprehensive
                 income                                              974              97,724
              Pledged property, plant and
                 equipment                                        20,426              21,115
              Pledged right-of-use assets                          5,917               5,976

                                                                 230,911             400,812




108 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2026



25.   COMMITMENTS

      As at the end of the current interim period, the Group’s capital expenditure
      commitment is shown below:


                                                           At                     At
                                                      30 June          31 December
                                                         2026                  2025
                                                  (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

       Capital expenditure contracted for
         but not provided in the condensed
         consolidated financial statements in
         respect of:
         Acquisition of property, plant and
            equipment                                 456,998                 417,595




                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026             109
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     26.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
            are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

            Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
            value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
            about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
            determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and input(s) used), as well as
            the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
            categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair
            value measurements are observable.


            •       Level 1 fair value measurements are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                    markets for identical assets or liabilities;


            •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
                    quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                    liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
                    and


            •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques
                    that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
                    market data (unobservable inputs).




110 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                 Fair value    Basis of fair value measurement/valuation
Financial assets/financial liabilities                Fair value as at           hierarchy     technique(s) and key input(s)
                                         30 June 2026         31 December 2025
                                         (unaudited)          (audited)

1) Foreign exchange forward              Assets –             Assets –           Level 2       Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
     contracts                           RMB19,001,000        RMB17,915,000                    estimated based on forward exchange rates (from
                                         Liabilities –        Liabilities –                    observable forward exchange rates at the end
                                         RMB2,289,000         RMB845,000                       of the reporting period) and contracted forward
                                                                                               rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                               risk of various counterparties.

2) Cross-currency swap contracts         Assets –             Assets –           Level 2       Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                         RMB23,930,000        RMB9,865,000                     estimated based on applicable yield curves
                                                              Liabilities –                    derived from quoted interest rates, contracted
                                                              RMB5,029,000                     interest rates on each maturity date and forward
                                                                                               exchange rate and contracted forward rate at
                                                                                               the end of the final maturity date, discounted
                                                                                               at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                               counterparties.

3) Foreign exchange structural           Assets –             Assets –           Level 3       Fair value is derived using binomial tree
     option contracts                    RMB143,000           RMB164,000                       computation method. The key parameters used
                                         Liabilities –        Liabilities –                    include forward exchange rates (from observable
                                         RMB59,000            RMB388,000                       forward exchange rates at the end of the
                                                                                               reporting period), contracted exchange rates,
                                                                                               discount rate, risk-free rate, time to maturity,
                                                                                               and volatility.

4) Debt instruments at FVTOCI            Assets –             Assets –           Level 2       Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are
                                         RMB120,009,000       RMB460,622,000                   estimated based on discount rate observed in the
                                                                                               available market.

5) Financial assets at FVTPL             Assets –             Assets –           Level 1       Calculated based on active market quoted
                                         RMB15,146,000        RMB37,713,000                    transaction price.

6) Financial assets at FVTPL             Assets – nil         Assets –           Level 2       Calculated based on recent transaction price in
                                                              RMB1,182,958,000                 the non-active market.

7) Financial assets at FVTPL             Assets –             Assets – nil       Level 3       Discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                         RMB1,091,193,000                                      and volatility. Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                               based on estimated return.

8) Financial assets at FVTPL             Assets –             Assets –           Level 3       Discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                         RMB983,910,000       RMB1,156,549,000                 and volatility. Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                               based on estimated return.




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026                             111
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



            The Directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
            and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated
            financial statements approximate their fair values.


            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement:

                                                           Assets                         Liabilities
                                               Foreign                               Foreign
                                             exchange                              exchange
                                             structural   Financial     Forward    structural      Forward
                                                option    assets at   commodity       option    commodity
                                             contracts      FVTPL      contracts   contracts      contracts
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000

              Balance as at 1 January
                  2025 (audited)                 1,671    1,060,669            –      (5,994)              –
              Fair value changes                   788      30,338          812       (4,108)           (810)
              Settlements                       (1,671)          –            –        5,994               –
              Exchange adjustments                   –      23,189             –           –               –

              Balance as at 30 June
                  2025 (unaudited)                 788    1,114,196         812       (4,108)           (810)

              Balance as at 1 January
                  2026 (audited)                   164    1,156,549            –        (388)              –
              Transfer from level 2                  –    1,182,958            –           –               –
              Fair value changes                   143    (107,463)            –         (59)              –
              Settlements                         (164)   (156,941)            –         388               –

              Balance as at 30 June
                  2026 (unaudited)                 143    2,075,103            –         (59)              –



            Of the total gains or losses for the period included in profit or loss, unrealised
            loss of RMB107,379,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: unrealised gain of
            RMB27,020,000) relates to foreign exchange structural option contracts and financial
            assets at FVTPL held at the end of the current interim period. Fair value gains or
            losses on foreign exchange structural option contracts and financial assets at FVTPL
            are included in “other gains and losses”.




112 MINTH GROUP LIMITED
