    Stock Code: 01972




Interim Report

2024
Contents


2    Company Profile

8    Financial Highlights

9    Chairman’s Statement

13   Chief Executive’s Statement

17   Review of Operations

47   Financing

53   Report on Review of Condensed
		   Interim Financial Statements

54   Condensed Interim Financial Statements

59   Notes to the Condensed
		   Interim Financial Statements

76   Supplementary Information

79   Glossary

80   Financial Calendar and Information
		   for Investors
             Swire Properties Limited (the “Company”)
             is a leading developer, owner and operator
             of mixed-use, principally commercial,
             properties in Hong Kong and the Chinese
             Mainland, with a record of creating long-
             term value by transforming urban areas.
             Our business comprises three elements:
             property investment, property trading and
             hotel investment.

             Founded in Hong Kong in 1972, the Company is listed on The Stock
             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and, with its subsidiaries, employs
             around 5,800 people. The Company’s shopping malls are home to more
             than 2,200 retail outlets. Its offices house a working population
             estimated to exceed 70,000. Our investment portfolio in Hong Kong
             comprises Taikoo Place, Pacific Place and Cityplaza. In the Chinese
             Mainland, the Company has six major commercial projects in operation
             in Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Shanghai. The Company has
             interests in the luxury and high quality residential markets in Hong Kong,
             the Chinese Mainland, Indonesia, Vietnam and Thailand. There are also
             land banks in Miami, U.S.A. Swire Hotels develops and manages hotels in
             Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland, and the U.S.A., with a confirmed
             expansion plan to Japan.




2   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Company
Profile




          3
             Captures what we do and how we do it.
             It underlines the creative mindset and
             long-term approach that enables us to
             seek out new perspectives, and original
             thinking that goes beyond the
             conventional. It also encapsulates our
             ability to unlock the potential of places
             and create vibrant destinations that can
             engender further growth and create
             sustainable value for our stakeholders.




4   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Creative
Transformation



                 5
               2024 First Half
               Sustainable
               Development
               Highlights


6   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
 Included in the “S&P Sustainability Yearbook (China)” for the 2nd
 consecutive year and the only real estate management and development
 company to make the “Top 1%” S&P Global ESG Score (China).

 Taikoo Place was the first and only development in Hong Kong to be
 awarded by the LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design)
 Communities certification programme (Gold Rating).

 Taikoo Hui, Guangzhou (Tower 2) – HSBC Office received awards for
 LEED Zero Carbon and LEED Zero Energy certifications from the
 U.S. Green Building Council.

 Two Taikoo Place was named a winner of the Urban Land Institute 2024
 Asia Pacific Awards for Excellence.

 Received Excellent Award (Community Caring Award), Excellent Award
 (Grand Award of Innovation) and Elite Award (Green Achievement Award)
 at HR Excellence Awards 2023/2024 held by The Hong Kong Institute of
 Human Resource Management.



 Partnered with the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
 Disclosures (“TNFD”) to officially launch its framework in Hong Kong,
 encouraging corporates and financial institutions to disclose
 and manage their nature-related risk and opportunities.

 Over 110 tenants committed to the Green Performance Pledge,
 representing approximately 50%* of office tenants. Over 170 business
 executives from more than 70 companies attended the annual GPP
 Forum 2024 to celebrate collective achievements.
 * Measured by occupied lettable floor area of office portfolios at 100% basis
   comprising of Taikoo Place and Pacific Place in Hong Kong and Taikoo Hui,
   Guangzhou.

 118 F&B outlets across Swire Properties’ Hong Kong and Chinese Mainland
 portfolios have received the Green Kitchen Award.

 Taikoo Square at Taikoo Place officially opened to promote urban
 biodiversity and community wellbeing.

 The 12th “BOOKS FOR LOVE @ $10” Charity Book Sale raised a
 record-breaking amount of over HK$1.3 million in total.




“Our vision is to be the leading
 sustainable development performer
 in our industry globally by 2030.”
 Guy Bradley, Chairman




                                                                                 7
    Financial Highlights

                                                                                              Six months ended 30th June
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                  Note               HK$M                 HK$M              Change
    Results
    Revenue                                                                                          7,279                 7,297               0%
    Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders
      Underlying                                                                (a), (b)             3,857                 3,901              -1%
      Recurring underlying                                                      (a), (b)             3,570                 3,892              -8%
      Reported                                                                                       1,796                 2,223             -19%
    Cash generated from operations                                                                   3,701                 4,221             -12%
    Net cash inflow/(outflow) before financing                                                       1,284                (3,387)             N/A

                                                                                                       HK$                   HK$
    Earnings per share
      Underlying                                                                (c), (d)              0.66                  0.67              -1%
      Recurring underlying                                                      (c), (d)              0.61                  0.67              -8%
      Reported                                                                  (c), (d)              0.31                  0.38             -19%
    Dividend per share
      First interim                                                                                   0.34                  0.33              +3%

                                                                                                  30th June     31st December
                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$M               HK$M                Change
    Financial Position
    Total equity (including non-controlling interests)                                             284,155              288,149             -1%
    Net debt                                                                                        37,796               36,679             +3%
    Gearing ratio                                                                   (a)             13.3%                 12.7%         +0.6%pt.

                                                                                                       HK$                   HK$
    Equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders per share                     (a)              48.05                 48.73              -1%

    Notes:
    (a) Refer to glossary on page 79 for definition.
    (b) A reconciliation between reported profit and underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders is provided on page 18.
    (c) Refer to note 11 to the financial statements for the weighted average number of shares.
    (d) The percentage change is the same as the corresponding percentage change in profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders.


                                                                                                               Six months ended 30th June
                                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                                                      HK$M                   HK$M
    Underlying profit/(losses) by segment
    Property investment                                                                                               3,693                  3,939
    Property trading                                                                                                    (61)                   (37)
    Hotels                                                                                                              (62)                   (10)
    Recurring underlying profit                                                                                       3,570                  3,892
    Divestment                                                                                                          287                      9
    Underlying profit                                                                                                 3,857                  3,901




8   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Chairman’s Statement



Dear Shareholders,                                             We continue to demonstrate our global leadership in
                                                               the ESG sector, ranking second in our industry on the
The first half of 2024 presented several challenges for        Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. We are also
Swire Properties, mainly due to the ongoing uncertainty        breaking new ground by integrating nature and
and geopolitical tension affecting the global economy.         biodiversity into the design and operations of our
Despite these headwinds our commitment to our long-            developments. A good example is the biophilic design
term strategy of continuous investment in key markets to       that has been incorporated into the newly opened Taikoo
deliver sustainable dividend growth remains unchanged.         Square and Taikoo Garden, part of the extensive green
                                                               open space that is an important feature of our Taikoo
We have continued to make good progress in delivering
                                                               Place redevelopment project in Hong Kong. Our
our HK$100 billion investment plan, of which more than
                                                               membership of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
60% has now been committed. In the Chinese Mainland,
                                                               Disclosures (“TNFD”) is another demonstration of our
HK$50 billion has been allocated to expand and reinforce
                                                               resolve in this area. We remain steadfast in our
existing developments and help us develop new,
                                                               commitment to our sustainability goals and will continue
large-scale, retail-led landmarks in Tier-1 and emerging
                                                               to leverage the power of innovative digital solutions to
Tier-1 cities. In Hong Kong, HK$30 billion has been
                                                               improve our readiness for the future.
allocated to continue the expansion of our core
commercial portfolios, Taikoo Place and Pacific Place,
while HK$20 billion is being invested in residential trading
projects in Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland and new
                                                               Results Summary
markets in South East Asia.                                    Our recurring underlying profit attributable to
                                                               shareholders decreased by HK$322 million from
This plan sets out a clear path for the growth of Swire
                                                               HK$3,892 million in the first half of 2023 to HK$3,570
Properties over the next decade. Despite some softness
                                                               million in the first half of 2024, which mainly reflected
in our core markets, in particular the subdued office
                                                               higher net finance charges and a reduction in office
sector in Hong Kong, we remain confident in the long-
                                                               rental income in Hong Kong. Our underlying profit
term growth of our business in Hong Kong and the
                                                               decreased slightly by 1% to HK$3,857 million in the first
Chinese Mainland, specifically in the context of Beijing,
                                                               half of 2024, which includes the sale of car parking
Shanghai and the Greater Bay Area.
                                                               spaces at our Taikoo Shing residential development in
                                                               Hong Kong.
We continue to adopt an active capital recycling strategy
to explore divestment opportunities for non-core assets
                                                               Our reported profit attributable to shareholders in the
to strengthen our balance sheet and to support future
                                                               first half of 2024 was HK$1,796 million, compared with
investments in our core market.
                                                               HK$2,223 million in the same period of 2023. There was a
                                                               fair value loss on investment properties of HK$879 million
In the Chinese Mainland, we are making good progress
                                                               in the first half of 2024 compared to HK$1,635 million in
with our new investments in different cities, including
                                                               the same period in 2023. A change in the fair value of
large-scale developments in Beijing, Shanghai, Sanya and
                                                               investment properties is non-cash in nature and has no
Xi’an. The Chinese Mainland is an increasingly significant
                                                               impact on our operating cash flow nor on underlying
contributor to the growth in our rental income. We will
                                                               profit attributable to shareholders. Our balance sheet
continue to leverage our two well-established brands,
                                                               remains strong. The overall financial position of the
Taikoo Hui and Taikoo Li, to develop projects that
                                                               Company remains healthy and the change in fair
will become major lifestyle landmarks in their
                                                               value is not expected to have any impact on our
respective cities.
                                                               investment strategy.

                                                                                                                            9
     Chairman’s Statement




     Progressive Dividends and                                    and an exciting array of al fresco dining options at street
                                                                  level. We will also introduce a member’s club, and a
     Share Buy-Back                                               brand-new social concept over four floors in Two Taikoo
     We declared a first interim dividend for 2024 of HK$0.34     Place, with multi-faceted hospitality, events and meeting
     per share. This represents a 3% increase over the first      spaces, connection-driven programming and exceptional
     interim dividend for 2023. The first interim dividend for    dining offerings.
     2024 will be paid on Wednesday, 9th October 2024 to
                                                                  These are important milestones which are helping to
     shareholders registered at the close of business on the
                                                                  transform Taikoo Place into a vibrant community that
     record date, being Friday, 6th September 2024. Shares of
                                                                  enjoys one of the best working environments in Hong
     the Company will be traded ex-dividend from
                                                                  Kong. We are, however, conscious of prevailing weak
     Wednesday, 4th September 2024.
                                                                  market conditions and will ensure that we pace any
     Our policy is to deliver sustainable growth in dividends     development of new stock to match anticipated
     and to pay out approximately half of our underlying profit   future demand.
     in ordinary dividends over time. Riding on the benefit of
                                                                  Under our HK$100 billion investment plan, we have
     our planned investments, our goal is to deliver mid-
                                                                  expanded the Pacific Place portfolio in Admiralty with the
     single-digit annual growth in dividends.
                                                                  completion of Six Pacific Place, a new Grade A office
     The Company has announced that the Board has                 tower. Pacific Place enjoys a strategic location with
     approved a share buy-back programme of up to                 excellent connectivity combined with best-in-class retail,
     HK$1.5 billion for the period up to the conclusion of the    office and hotel offerings. Our outlook for Pacific Place
     next annual general meeting to be held in May 2025.          and for the Greater Admiralty super-interchange MTR
                                                                  hub is very positive and the portfolio will continue to
                                                                  benefit from improvements in local infrastructure to
                                                                  improve walkability. We are currently constructing a
     Hong Kong Office Development                                 footbridge between Pacific Place and Harcourt Garden
     The Hong Kong office market is currently facing the twin     and a planned tunnel connecting Pacific Place and the
     challenges of oversupply and weak demand. Amid an            Wan Chai area, further enhancing connectivity to
     uncertain economic landscape, corporates are exercising      strengthen Admiralty’s positioning as a major
     caution in their real estate decisions. However, given       interchange station for the MTR network.
     Hong Kong’s standing as an international financial hub
                                                                  Our industry-leading ESG credentials and close
     and the principal gateway between the Chinese Mainland
                                                                  partnership with tenants who are seeking to achieve their
     and the rest of the world, we anticipate a recovery in
                                                                  own ESG goals remains a key differentiator in the Hong
     demand in the medium to long term, particularly for the
                                                                  Kong office market. To ensure that the flight-to-quality
     finance sector when the IPO pipeline returns, and
                                                                  trend continues, we are committed to ensuring that the
     increased interest from tenants in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                  design of our offices remains resilient for the future and
     once the Chinese economy picks up.
                                                                  to pursuing ambitious sustainability targets under our SD
     In accordance with our long-term placemaking strategy,       2030 Strategy. This approach instils confidence in
     Taikoo Place has been transformed into a Global Business     corporates and this commitment will stand us in good
     District that is changing the office environment for         stead as the market recovers.
     corporates in Hong Kong. We recently completed the
     latest phase of the Taikoo Place redevelopment project,
     which includes the completion of two Triple-A office         Expansion in the Chinese Mainland
     towers, One Taikoo Place and Two Taikoo Place, an
     additional 70,000 square feet of green space to promote      Our confidence in the long-term prospects for the
     urban biodiversity, climate-controlled elevated walkways,    Chinese Mainland market are reflected in our investment
                                                                  pipeline. We continue to look for development

10   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
opportunities in Tier-1 and emerging Tier-1 cities to reach   luxury retail spaces in Taikoo Li Sanlitun North. Similar
our goal of doubling our GFA in the region under our          upgrades are also being carried out at HKRI Taikoo Hui in
HK$100 billion investment plan by 2032. Our focus this        Shanghai and Taikoo Li Chengdu with the aim of
year remains on developing our new pipeline projects as       expanding the luxury retail content within our portfolios.
well as the ongoing asset reinforcement and upgrading of
existing projects.                                            Currently, we are expanding our coverage to establish a
                                                              network of 11 major retail-led, commercial developments
Our two new investments in Shanghai’s Pudong District,        in six Chinese Mainland cities by 2027. Despite some
the Shanghai New Bund Mixed-use Project and the               economic uncertainties, in terms of our investment
Shanghai Yangjing Mixed-use Project, newly named              pipeline projects and portfolio upgrades, this will position
Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan, are well underway. Both are large-      the Company to increase our share of the Chinese
scale, mixed-use projects and the latter marks a debut for    Mainland luxury retail market.
our premium residential brand in the Chinese Mainland
market. The addition of these two new projects means
we will have four developments in Shanghai in total,          Retail Portfolio
making it the city where we will have our largest
operation in the Chinese Mainland.                            and Residential Pipeline
                                                              Looking at retail in Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland,
Other key projects in our investment pipeline include
                                                              we have seen a drop in both markets following a strong
Taikoo Li Xi’an, our first investment in Xi’an, as well as
                                                              post-pandemic rebound last year. We are seeing new
Taikoo Li Sanya, which is expected to contribute to
                                                              retail trends emerging, particularly the strong demand
Sanya’s rapid development as an international tourist
                                                              for experiential luxury. This has led to successful
and consumption hub. In June, we were pleased to
                                                              collaborations with our tenant partners on tailored
announce a plan to increase our stake in INDIGO Phase
                                                              customer-focused campaigns, anchored by the
Two in Beijing. The acquisition was completed in early
                                                              innovative use of digital technologies. We are also
August 2024. INDIGO Phase Two is the largest, premium
                                                              investing in our loyalty programmes and premium
commercial hub currently under development in Beijing.
                                                              lounges across our Hong Kong and Chinese Mainland
Together with our new partner, China Life, and despite
                                                              malls, with crossover promotions helping to broaden
short-term soft demand, we remain confident in the
                                                              our reach.
outlook for Beijing’s office market.
                                                              With regards to trading properties, we are building an
We are keen to increase our investment in the Greater
                                                              exciting residential pipeline in our key markets of Hong
Bay Area and we are collaborating with Guangzhou Pearl
                                                              Kong, four major cities in South East Asia and in the
River Enterprises Group to develop the Julong Wan
                                                              Chinese Mainland. In Shanghai, both the New Bund
Project, the retail portion of a large-scale, mixed-use
                                                              Project and Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan have significant
development in Liwan District, Guangzhou. We are also
                                                              residential components, with the latter marking the
expanding the retail portion of Taikoo Hui Guangzhou,
                                                              debut of our premium residential brand in this
and in August 2024 we successfully bid for No. 387
                                                              important market.
Tianhe Road, which will be renovated as a luxury retail
addition to Taikoo Hui to accommodate pent-up market          In Hong Kong, we were encouraged by the recent
demand.                                                       removal of tightening measures by the HKSAR
                                                              Government which has instilled greater confidence in
We are also carrying out significant upgrades across our
                                                              the residential property market. We hope to see an
existing projects in the Chinese Mainland. In April 2024,
                                                              improvement in both demand and pricing levels, albeit
we announced the redevelopment of The Opposite
                                                              in the short term we expect market conditions to
House in Beijing into a retail landmark for global flagship
                                                              remain challenging.
stores. This is in addition to the development of new


                                                                                                                             11
     Chairman’s Statement




     We have made significant inroads with our growth plans       Programme which continues to make a significant
     in South East Asia and are building a presence in four key   impact by connecting staff, tenants, business partners
     markets, focusing on the residential sector in Jakarta,      and the wider community through an extensive range of
     Singapore, Bangkok and Ho Chi Minh City.                     volunteering and fundraising initiatives. Our youth
                                                                  empowerment programmes are going from strength
                                                                  to strength.
     Sustainable Development and
                                                                  With a commitment to build sustainable communities
     Community Leadership                                         through our placemaking education programme, the
                                                                  Swire Properties Placemaking Academy continues to
     Our significant sustainability achievements are being
                                                                  grow its alumni base. Our partnership with the Hong Kong
     recognised in Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland. In
                                                                  Palace Museum entered its third year in 2024. The
     April, Taikoo Place became the first development in Hong
                                                                  successful “Bi-city Youth Cultural Leadership Programme”
     Kong to obtain LEED Communities Gold Certification in
                                                                  will be extended to include a learning experience to
     recognition of the portfolio’s integrated planning, green
                                                                  Chengdu, providing an even more enriching programme
     spaces and connectivity on a community level. Taikoo
                                                                  for young cultural talents from Hong Kong and Beijing.
     Hui, Guangzhou (Tower 2) – HSBC Office was awarded
     LEED Zero Certifications, demonstrating its
     accomplishment in achieving net-zero carbon emissions
     by reducing carbon emissions and carbon offsets.             Conclusion
                                                                  We remain confident in the long-term prospects for our
     Guided by our 1.5°C science-based targets, we continue
                                                                  core markets of Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland and
     to invest in research, adopting industry-leading
                                                                  South East Asia, and our investment plan reflects this
     technologies and initiatives to strengthen
                                                                  confidence. Looking ahead to the next six months and
     decarbonisation capabilities across our portfolios. We are
                                                                  beyond, we will continue to focus on delivering on our
     also piloting an internal carbon pricing mechanism to
                                                                  investment and growth plans, and to strengthen the
     quantify carbon risks to our operations and reallocate
                                                                  resilience of our existing portfolio. We will continue to look
     capital to promote low-carbon investments. Recognising
                                                                  at how we can innovate and introduce exciting products
     the growing need for businesses to take actions to
                                                                  and services to enhance the performance of our
     mitigate their impact on biodiversity and nature, we have
                                                                  portfolios, and to examine carefully where we can further
     been integrating biodiversity considerations into our
                                                                  improve on the ESG front and accelerate the digital
     existing operations – including the unveiling of a
                                                                  transformation of our business.
     70,000-square-foot green space in Taikoo Place and
     launching relevant policies for all our developments.
                                                                  I would like to thank all our stakeholders for their ongoing
                                                                  support this year. I also wish to thank the team at Swire
     We have also made great strides in our green financing
                                                                  Properties for their contribution. Their professionalism,
     efforts. We recently won the Best ESG Issuer in Asia at
                                                                  persistence and innovative spirit have been pivotal in
     the FinanceAsia Achievement Awards 2023 and our
                                                                  driving our business forward.
     green "dim sum” bonds offering has also received several
     awards. Looking ahead, we will continue to pursue our
     target to have a minimum of 80% of bond and loan
     facilities from green financing by 2030, in alignment with
     the HKSAR Government’s masterplan for a green
     transition and carbon neutrality.

     Creating social impact remains a vital component of our      Guy Bradley
     ESG priorities. Our community care initiatives include the   Chairman
     2,000-member-strong Community Ambassador                     Hong Kong, 8th August 2024


12   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Chief Executive’s Statement



Dear Shareholders,                                            Business Performance
Despite the current headwinds in our primary markets,         As reported by the Chairman, the interim result was
our business continues to be on a solid financial footing.    impacted by a subdued office market in Hong Kong
We saw a steady performance across all our operations         where we are seeing weak demand coupled with a
during the first six months of 2024, demonstrating our        continuous supply of new space coming on stream.
resilience and adaptability to the challenging economic       However, our portfolios have remained resilient,
landscape. Our balance sheet remains strong and we            supported by our strong placemaking attributes,
enjoy a healthy gearing level thanks to our active capital    including ESG initiatives, amenity provisions and tenant
recycling strategy.                                           engagement programmes.

We have made good progress since announcing our               Despite a significant recovery in 2023, our retail portfolio
HK$100 billion investment plan in 2022, particularly in the   in Hong Kong was impacted by macro-economic
Chinese Mainland. This market is a key driver of revenue      uncertainties. The continued outbound travel trend and
growth and remains strategically important to our long-       changes in tourist spending behaviour are adversely
term expansion plans. We remain fully committed to our        affecting the retail market. Our shopping malls remain
home market in Hong Kong, where we are focused on             the preferred choice for major retail tenants, with all of
expanding and enhancing our flagship commercial               them almost fully let. We continue to carry out
portfolios at Taikoo Place and Pacific Place.                 improvements to our retail trade mix alongside innovative
                                                              marketing campaigns and loyalty programme initiatives
We also remain confident that Hong Kong will maintain         that are helping to attract more local customers and
its global competitiveness through the various initiatives    tourists to our malls.
put in place by the HKSAR Government. As a leading
property developer in the city, we will continue to           In the Chinese Mainland, we achieved record-high retail
support Hong Kong’s position as the gateway to the            sales in the first half of 2023 following the lifting of
Chinese Mainland and its status as an international           COVID-19-related restrictions. However, due to an
financial centre.                                             increase in outbound travel (reflecting the visa-free
                                                              policy offered by some countries for Chinese Mainland
Looking ahead, our focus is firmly on the future, guided      travellers and the depreciation in certain currencies, in
by our long-term commitment to placemaking. As we             particular the Japanese Yen), renovation-related
grow the business under our HK$100 billion investment         disruption in some malls and the comparison to last
plan, we will continue to demonstrate leadership in           year’s post-pandemic high base, retail sales growth in the
sustainable development while adopting innovative             Chinese Mainland has normalised. Notably foot traffic in
technologies to prepare ourselves for opportunities and       our malls has remained steady.
challenges ahead.
                                                              We recorded a small underlying loss from our property
                                                              trading activities in the first half of 2024 due to sales and
                                                              marketing expenses incurred for several residential
                                                              trading projects.




                                                                                                                              13
     Chief Executive’s Statement




     The speed of recovery of our hotel business in Hong Kong      diversifying our portfolio, providing new sources of
     was slower than anticipated, while the performance of         income as these projects come on stream over the next
     our hotels in the Chinese Mainland was relatively stable.     few years.
     The performance of our hotels in the U.S.A. was mixed.
                                                                   The recovery of the Hong Kong office market has proven
                                                                   slower than expected in the wake of the pandemic. The
                                                                   market is likely to remain subdued for the rest of 2024,
     Future Prospects
                                                                   and rental levels will remain under pressure. However, in
     The outlook for the retail market in Hong Kong remains        terms of occupancy, our office portfolio has consistently
     challenging. We expect that footfall and tenant sales will    outperformed the submarkets we operate in. The
     continue to be impacted by the weak market sentiment,         prevailing flight-to-quality trend in Hong Kong’s office
     particularly due to the propensity for outbound travel and    market is also favouring premium, new office buildings
     changes in consumers’ spending patterns. However,             such as Two Taikoo Place and Six Pacific Place. Leasing
     thanks to the continuous refinement of our retail trade       for both these office towers is progressing well, with the
     mix, our activation and promotional strategies, and the       former now 67% let and the latter currently at 44%.
     world-class events organised by the HKSAR Government,
     we anticipate that the sales performance of our malls will    The latest phase of the redevelopment of Taikoo Place
     remain resilient. Experiential shopping will be a key part    has been completed, transforming the area into a Global
     of our retail strategy and we will continue to invest in      Business District. Our diverse amenity provision is a key
     innovative partnerships such as the latest collaboration      differentiator and the newly opened Taikoo Square is a
     with the “Welcome to Anfield – the LFC Experience”. We        showcase of our ambitious, nature-oriented design with a
     will look for more opportunities to leverage the crossover    strong emphasis on wellness and ESG performance. More
     potential of our malls to engage a wider and more diverse     outdoor dining concepts are now available with the
     customer base.                                                opening of Taikoo Piazza, while new elevated walkways
                                                                   offer excellent physical and social connectivity
     In the Chinese Mainland, 2024 will be a year of               throughout Taikoo Place.
     normalisation for the retail market following the 2023
     post-pandemic peak. Overall demand for retail space is        In the Chinese Mainland, we are taking inspiration from
     expected to remain solid, with retailers taking a more        Taikoo Place to develop INDIGO Phase Two. With a new
     prudent approach to expansion in the second half of           strategic partner, China Life, we will provide more than
     2024. We anticipate that demand for luxury retail space       four million square feet of commercial space in Chaoyang
     in Guangzhou and Chengdu will remain strong. We are           District in Beijing. Construction is well underway and the
     focused on reinforcing our Chinese Mainland portfolio         development will be completed in phases starting from
     through reconfiguration works and tenant mix                  late 2025.
     enhancements currently being carried out across several
                                                                   On the residential front, market sentiment in Hong Kong
     developments, including Taikoo Li Sanlitun in Beijing,
                                                                   remains soft in light of economic uncertainties and the
     Taikoo Li Chengdu and HKRI Taikoo Hui in Shanghai.
                                                                   high interest rate environment, despite the HKSAR
     Under our HK$100 billion investment plan we are               Government’s recent decision to relax tightening
     developing a pipeline of new retail-led projects, including   measures. Market confidence will take some time to
     in Xi’an, Sanya and Guangzhou, and two large-scale            recover, but we expect demand to remain resilient over
     developments in Shanghai. We are expanding and                the medium to long term, supported by interest from
                                                                   both local and Chinese Mainland buyers.




14   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
We are currently busy developing a strong and diverse        Pioneering Sustainable
pipeline of four residential projects on Hong Kong island.
“LA MONTAGNE” at The Southside in Wong Chuk Hang             Development Practices
was launched for sale in 2023, and we are at the design      We remain at the forefront of sustainable development
stage for a new residential project at 269 Queen’s Road      (“SD”) practices in our industry, consistently pushing
East. We are also working with a long term partner on a      boundaries and reaching new milestones. Our efforts
development in Chai Wan, a rare, large-scale residential     have gained global recognition, including a second place
site for which we plan to launch sales early next year.      ranking in our industry globally on the Dow Jones
                                                             Sustainability World Index 2023 and the top spot on the
We are excited to have entered the residential market in
                                                             Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. Our ultimate
the Chinese Mainland with two new mixed-use projects in
                                                             objective is to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050.
Shanghai – the Shanghai New Bund Mixed-use Project
and Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan. Our New Bund project is in a       We recognise biodiversity as the next frontier in
fantastic location at the heart of the Qiantan area,         addressing climate change. We have policies and
opposite Taikoo Li Qiantan, where residential sales have     guidelines in place to guide us in incorporating
performed extremely well. Similarly, Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan    biodiversity considerations into different aspects of
is in a highly sought-after location in Pudong, along the    our business operations and developments. The
Huangpu River. It was formerly the location of the Taikoo    redevelopment of Taikoo Place is a showcase to
Wharf in the early to mid-1900s and the development          demonstrate how we integrate biodiversity from an early
design will pay tribute to its heritage. The residential     stage. This was achieved through initial biodiversity
portion will comprise eleven towers offering high-quality    assessments and the incorporation of biophilic designs
waterfront living in the heart of Shanghai.                  for Taikoo Square and Taikoo Garden, which feature more
                                                             than 260 native and exotic plant species to promote
In South East Asia, we remain focused on our four target
                                                             urban biodiversity.
markets of Jakarta, Singapore, Bangkok and Ho Chi Minh
City. We have three projects currently in development        Our sustainability-related partnerships with tenants
and the outlook remains positive. With factors such as       distinguish us from our peers and are an increasingly
continued urbanisation, a growing middle class and a         critical part of our leasing strategy. The Green
limited supply of luxury residential properties, demand in   Performance Pledge (“GPP”) builds on the premise of
these markets is expected to remain stable.                  a green lease and the programme has generated
                                                             enthusiastic support, with more than 110 office tenants
We are cautiously optimistic for our hotel business in
                                                             participating across our Hong Kong portfolio. We
Hong Kong, subject to the speed of recovery for inbound
                                                             launched the programme in the Chinese Mainland in
tourism and business travel. We are keen to expand The
                                                             November 2023 which has also received a very positive
House Collective and EAST brands through third party
                                                             response. Meanwhile, our Green Kitchen Initiative is also
management agreements. The development of our new
                                                             receiving positive recognition from F&B tenants thanks to
House Collective hotels in Tokyo, Shenzhen and Xi’an is
                                                             the excellent progress which has been made. Over 110
well underway and we continue to look for opportunities
                                                             F&B tenants are currently enrolled across our Hong Kong
to introduce our two hotel brands to new markets in
                                                             and Chinese Mainland retail portfolios.
the region.




                                                                                                                         15
     Chief Executive’s Statement




     The digital transformation of our business is essential in     Looking Ahead
     helping us to realise our sustainability goals. We are
     developing and expanding our capabilities and                  We remain committed to driving long-term growth across
     developing our people with the future in mind, optimising      all our core markets in Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland
     processes, trialing new technologies and building a            and South East Asia. Despite the current macro-economic
     strong digital talent pipeline. This will ensure our agility   uncertainties, our business remains on a solid financial
     and resilience as emerging technologies become more            footing and we are investing responsibly for the long
     prevalent in the workplace.                                    term under our HK$100 billion investment plan.

                                                                    We are well placed to weather the headwinds in 2024.
                                                                    We will continue to focus on evaluating new investment
     Our Commitment to the Community                                opportunities and reinforcing the quality and
     We continue to support the needs of the wider                  performance of our existing property portfolios, while
     community through our longstanding Community                   realising our sustainability objectives.
     Ambassador Programme. Our signature annual event,
     “BOOKS FOR LOVE @ $10”, exceeded its fundraising               I would like to acknowledge the continued support and
     record this year, with more than 6,000 Community               trust of our shareholders and partners as we embark on a
     Ambassadors and volunteers from NGO partners                   significant stage of growth in our business. I would also
     dedicating their time to make the campaign a success.          like to express my appreciation for the valuable
                                                                    contributions made by everyone in the Swire Properties
     Youth empowerment continues to be a significant focus          team – your collective effort continues to drive all our
     for our community initiatives. Now in its sixth year, the      achievements.
     Swire Properties Placemaking Academy (“SPPA”)
     welcomed its newest cohort this summer to begin
     planning the 2024 edition of our White Christmas Street
     Fair. We also commenced the third edition of the Hong
     Kong Palace Museum’s Bi-city Youth Cultural Leadership
     Programme in July, once again as Lead Sponsor. Through
     the programme, 16 outstanding university students from         Tim Blackburn
     Hong Kong and Beijing are given the opportunity to             Chief Executive
     participate in cross-cultural exchange and internship          Hong Kong, 8th August 2024
     experience to be coached into becoming cultural leaders
     of the future.




16   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Review of Operations

                                                                             Six months ended                 Year ended
                                                                                 30th June                 31st December
                                                                              2024               2023                2023
                                                                             HK$M               HK$M                HK$M
Revenue
Gross Rental Income derived from
      Office                                                                 2,765              2,960               5,835
      Retail                                                                 3,682              3,510               7,143
      Residential                                                              218                207                 430
Other Revenue       (1)
                                                                                 62                55                 117
Property Investment                                                          6,727              6,732              13,525
Property Trading                                                                 88                89                 166
Hotels                                                                         464                476                 979
Total Revenue                                                                7,279              7,297              14,670
Operating Profit/(Losses) derived from
      Property investment
  From operations                                                            4,389              4,254               8,261
   Sale of interests in investment properties                                 (219)                  –                (60)
      Fair value losses in respect of investment properties                   (842)             (1,332)            (2,829)
      Property trading                                                          (54)              (12)                (89)
      Hotels                                                                    (57)              (37)               (103)
Total Operating Profit                                                       3,217              2,873               5,180
Share of Post-tax Profit/(Losses) from Joint Venture and
  Associated Companies                                                         350                524                (292)
Profit Attributable to the Company’s Shareholders                            1,796              2,223               2,637

(1)   Other revenue is mainly estate management fees.


Additional information is provided in the following section to reconcile reported and underlying profit attributable to the
Company’s shareholders. These reconciling items principally adjust for the fair value movements on investment properties
and the associated deferred tax in the Chinese Mainland and the U.S.A., and for other deferred tax provisions in relation to
investment properties. In Hong Kong, the Group’s investment properties recorded fair value losses of HK$2,702 million in
the first half of 2024. In the Chinese Mainland and the U.S.A., investment properties recorded fair value gains of HK$1,630
million and HK$241 million respectively. There are further adjustments to remove the effect of the movement in the fair
value of the liability in respect of a put option in favour of the owner of a non-controlling interest and remeasurement
gains on interests in joint venture companies which became subsidiary companies after completion of acquisition.
Amortisation of right-of-use assets classified as investment properties is charged to underlying profit.




                                                                                                                               17
     Review of Operations




                                                                                                   Six months ended                        Year ended
                                                                                                       30th June                        31st December
     Underlying Profit Reconciliation                                                                2024                   2023                    2023
                                                                                Note                HK$M                   HK$M                    HK$M
     Profit Attributable to the Company’s Shareholders
       per Financial Statements                                                                     1,796                  2,223                   2,637
     Adjustments in respect of investment properties:
        Fair value losses in respect of investment properties                     (a)                 831                  1,648                   4,392
        Deferred tax on investment properties                                     (b)                 660                    347                     461
      Fair value gains realised on sale of interests in
       investment properties                                                      (c)                 527                      29                  4,398
      Depreciation of investment properties occupied by
       the Group                                                                  (d)                   10                     11                      22
       Non-controlling interests’ share of fair value
        movements less deferred tax                                                                     47                    (14)                       8
       Movement in the fair value of the liability in
        respect of a put option in favour of the owner
        of a non-controlling interest                                             (e)                   36                      4                      39
       Remeasurement gains on interests in joint venture
        companies which became subsidiary companies
        after completion of acquisition                                            (f)                    –                 (306)                   (306)
       Reversal of impairment loss on a hotel held as part
        of a mixed-use development                                                (g)                  (11)                     –                        –
     Less amortisation of right-of-use assets reported under
       investment properties                                                      (h)                  (39)                   (41)                    (81)
     Underlying Profit Attributable to the
       Company’s Shareholders                                                                       3,857                  3,901                  11,570
     Profit from divestment                                                                          (287)                     (9)                (4,285)
     Recurring Underlying Profit Attributable to the
       Company’s Shareholders                                                                       3,570                  3,892                   7,285

     Notes:
     (a) This represents the fair value movements as shown in the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and the Group’s share of fair value
         movements of joint venture and associated companies.
     (b) This represents deferred tax movements on the Group’s investment properties, plus the Group’s share of deferred tax movements on
         investment properties held by joint venture and associated companies. These comprise deferred tax on fair value movements on investment
         properties in the Chinese Mainland and the U.S.A., and deferred tax provisions made in respect of investment properties held for the long term
         where it is considered that the liability will not reverse for some considerable time. It also includes certain tax adjustments arising from
         transfers of investment properties within the Group.
     (c) Prior to the implementation of HKAS 40, changes in the fair value of investment properties were recorded in the revaluation reserve rather
         than the consolidated statement of profit or loss. On sale, fair value gains/(losses) were transferred from the revaluation reserve to the
         consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     (d) Prior to the implementation of HKAS 40, no depreciation was charged on investment properties occupied by the Group.
     (e) The value of the put option in favour of the owner of a non-controlling interest is calculated principally by reference to the estimated fair value
         of the portion of the underlying investment property in which the owner of the non-controlling interest is interested.
     (f) The remeasurement gains on interests in joint venture companies were calculated principally by reference to the estimated market value of
         the underlying properties portfolio of the joint venture companies, netting off with all related cumulative exchange difference.
     (g) Under HKAS 40, hotel properties are stated in the accounts at cost less accumulated depreciation and any provision for impairment losses,
         rather than at fair value. If HKAS 40 did not apply, wholly-owned and joint venture hotel properties held for the long term as part of mixed-use
         property developments would be accounted for as investment properties. Accordingly, any increase or decrease in their values would be
         recorded in the revaluation reserve rather than in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     (h) HKFRS 16 amends the definition of investment property under HKAS 40 to include properties held by lessees as right-of-use assets to earn
         rentals or for capital appreciation or both, and requires the Group to account for such right-of-use assets at their fair value. The amortisation of
         such right-of-use assets is charged to underlying profit.


18   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Underlying Profit


Movement in                                            HK$M

Underlying Profit                                       4,500

                                                                                +278    -246

                                                        4,000      3,901                           -24       -52
                                                                                                                      3,857


  Underlying profit           Increase in losses
  in the first half of 2023   from property trading     3,500


  Increase in profit          Increase in losses
  from divestment             from hotels               3,000

  Decrease in profit from     Underlying profit in
  property investment         the first half of 2024
                                                        2,500
                                                                1st half 2023                                      1st half 2024




Our reported profit attributable to shareholders in the               Recurring underlying profit from property investment
first half of 2024 was HK$1,796 million, compared to a                decreased in the first half of 2024. This principally
profit of HK$2,223 million in the first half of 2023.                 reflected lower office rental income from Hong Kong
There was a fair value loss on investment properties                  (partly due to the loss of revenue arising from the
(after deducting non-controlling interests) in the first half         disposal of nine floors of One Island East in December
of 2024 of HK$879 million, compared with a fair value                 2023). In Hong Kong, the performance of retail portfolio
loss of HK$1,635 million in the first half of 2023,                   was soft. Trade mix improvement, marketing campaigns
principally arising from the Hong Kong office portfolios              and loyalty programme initiatives were continuously and
for both periods.                                                     actively carried out to attract local customers and
                                                                      tourists, to offset the negative impact of outbound travel
Underlying profit attributable to shareholders (which                 and the changing tourist spending behaviour. Despite a
principally adjusts for changes in fair value of investment           weak office market (reflecting subdued demand and new
properties) decreased by HK$44 million from HK$3,901                  supply), the office portfolio in Hong Kong was resilient.
million in the first half of 2023 to HK$3,857 million in the          In the Chinese Mainland, retail sales dropped in the first
first half of 2024. The decrease principally reflected                half of 2024 (compared with a strong rebound in the first
higher net finance charges (due to higher borrowings)                 half of 2023 following the lifting of COVID-19 related
and a reduction in the office rental income, partly offset            restrictions) and foot traffic was steady notwithstanding
by the increase in profit from the sale of car parking                the increase in outbound travel.
spaces in Hong Kong.
                                                                      The small underlying loss from property trading in the
Recurring underlying profit (which excludes the profit                first half of 2024 was primarily a result of sales and
from divestment) was HK$3,570 million in the first half               marketing expenses incurred for several residential
of 2024, compared with HK$3,892 million in the first half             trading projects.
of 2023.
                                                                      The speed of recovery of hotel businesses in Hong Kong
                                                                      was slower than anticipated, while the performance of
                                                                      the hotels in the Chinese Mainland was relatively stable.
                                                                      Performance of the hotels in the U.S.A. was mixed.




                                                                                                                                   19
     Review of Operations




     HK$100 Billion                                                                  Commitment for new projects
                                                                                         65% COMMITTED
     Investment Plan
                                                    Hong Kong




                                                    Chinese Mainland

        Committed
                                                    Residential trading
                                                    projects (including
        Remaining target                            in South East Asia)

                                                                          0   10            20                 30        40             50
                                                                                             Target (HK$ Bn)




     HK$100 Billion Investment Plan                                            Key Developments
     In March 2022, the Company announced a plan to invest                     In February 2024, the Group obtained the occupation
     HK$100 billion over ten years in development projects in                  permit for Six Pacific Place, it being the newest addition
     Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland, and in residential                    to Pacific Place, an office tower with an aggregate GFA of
     trading projects (including in South East Asia). The target               approximately 223,000 square feet. At 30th June 2024,
     allocation is HK$30 billion to Hong Kong, HK$50 billion to                the office tower was 44% let. Handover of the office floors
     the Chinese Mainland and HK$20 billion to residential                     to tenants is in progress.
     trading projects (including in South East Asia). At 2nd
     August 2024, approximately HK$65 billion of the planned                   As part of a mixed-use development with an approximate
     investments had been committed (HK$11 billion to Hong                     GFA of 5.7 million square feet located in Liwan district of
     Kong, HK$44 billion to the Chinese Mainland and HK$10                     Guangzhou, the centre of the Guangzhou-Foshan
     billion to residential trading projects). Major committed                 metropolis circle, the Group is collaborating with the
     projects include the residential developments at Chai                     Guangzhou Pearl River Enterprises Group to develop the
     Wan Inland Lot No. 178, at 269 Queen’s Road East, at                      retail portion (“Julong Wan Project”) of this mixed-use
     983-987A King’s Road and 16-94 Pan Hoi Street in Hong                     development. The site with a GFA of approximately
     Kong, and at Wireless Road in Bangkok, a retail-led                       352,000 square feet was acquired as of 30th June 2024.
     mixed-use development in Xi’an, retail-led developments                   The GFA will increase to approximately 1,615,000 square
     in Sanya and Guangzhou, mixed-use developments in                         feet, subject to further relevant transaction agreements.
     Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan and the New Bund in Shanghai,                        Basement works are in progress. The overall development
     office and other commercial use developments at                           is planned to be completed in phases beginning from the
     8 Shipyard Lane and at 1067 King’s Road in Hong Kong.                     first half of 2027. Prior to the first phase’s completion,
     Uncommitted projects include further retail-led mixed-                    exhibitions, events, pop-up shops and activities will be
     use projects in Tier-1 and emerging Tier-1 cities in the                  conducted to activate the area starting from late 2025.
     Chinese Mainland, including Beijing, with a plan to double                The Group has a 50% interest in the retail portion of the
     our gross floor area in the Chinese Mainland, further                     development.
     expansion at Pacific Place and Taikoo Place in Hong Kong
     as well as further residential trading projects in Hong
     Kong, the Chinese Mainland, Miami and South East Asia.




20   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
In June 2024, the Group entered into an equity and debt transfer agreement with the China Life Insurance Company
Limited (“China Life”) group and the Sino-Ocean Group Holding Limited (“Sino-Ocean”) group, pursuant to which the
Group and the China Life group have conditionally agreed to acquire a 14.895% and a 49.895% equity interest in the
project company of INDIGO Phase Two, respectively, from the Sino-Ocean group for a consideration of approximately
RMB891 million and RMB2,984 million, respectively. Completion of the acquisitions is subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions precedent. The acquisitions were completed in early August. Following the completion of the acquisitions, the
Group’s interest in INDIGO Phase Two has increased from 35% to 49.895% and the China Life group owns a 49.895%
interest in INDIGO Phase Two.

In August 2024, Taikoo Hui in Guangzhou successfully bid No. 387 Tianhe Road which is connected to its shopping mall via
a public auction. With approximate GFA of 655,000 square feet, No. 387 Tianhe Road will be renovated as a luxury
retail addition to Taikoo Hui. The refurbishment is expected to be completed in 2026. The Group has a 97% interest in
this property.



Portfolio Overview
The aggregate gross floor area (“GFA”) attributable to the Group at 30th June 2024 was approximately 39.3 million
square feet.

Of the aggregate GFA attributable to the Group, approximately 34.6 million square feet are investment properties and
hotels, comprising completed investment properties and hotels of approximately 24.4 million square feet, and investment
properties under development or held for future development of approximately 10.2 million square feet. In Hong Kong,
the investment property and hotel portfolio comprises approximately 14.2 million square feet attributable to the Group of
primarily Grade-A office and retail premises, hotels, serviced apartments and other luxury residential accommodation.
In the Chinese Mainland, the Group has interests in eleven major commercial developments in prime locations in Beijing,
Guangzhou, Chengdu, Shanghai, Xi’an and Sanya. These developments are expected to comprise approximately 18.3
million square feet of attributable GFA when they are all completed. Of this, 10.4 million square feet has already been
completed. Outside of Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland, the investment property portfolio comprises the Brickell City
Centre development in Miami, U.S.A.

The tables below illustrate the GFA (or expected GFA) attributable to the Group of the investment property and hotel
portfolio at 30th June 2024.

Completed Investment Properties and Hotels
(GFA attributable to the Group in million square feet)
                                                                                Residential/
                                                                                   Serviced         Under
                                   Office           Retail         Hotels (1)   Apartments       Planning           Total
Hong Kong                             9.4             2.6             0.8               0.6             –            13.4
Chinese Mainland                      2.9             6.2             1.1               0.2             –            10.4
U.S.A.                                  –             0.3             0.3                 –             –              0.6
Total                               12.3              9.1             2.2               0.8             –            24.4




                                                                                                                              21
     Review of Operations




     Investment Properties and Hotels Under Development or Held for Future Development
     (expected GFA attributable to the Group in million square feet)
                                                                                                   Residential/
                                                                                                      Serviced                Under
                                                    Office          Retail            Hotels (1)   Apartments              Planning             Total
     Hong Kong                                          –                –                  –                   –                0.8              0.8
     Chinese Mainland                                 1.6              2.5                0.1                   –                3.7              7.9
     U.S.A.                                             –                –                  –                   –                1.5   (2)
                                                                                                                                                  1.5
     Total                                            1.6              2.5                0.1                   –               6.0             10.2


     Total Investment Properties and Hotels
     (GFA (or expected GFA) attributable to the Group in million square feet)
                                                                                                   Residential/
                                                                                                      Serviced                Under
                                                    Office          Retail            Hotels (1)   Apartments              Planning             Total
     Total                                           13.9            11.6                 2.3                  0.8              6.0             34.6

     (1)   Hotels are accounted for in the financial statements under property, plant and equipment and, where applicable, the leasehold land portion is
           accounted for under right-of-use assets.
     (2)   This property is accounted for under properties held for development in the financial statements.


     The trading portfolio comprises completed units available for sale at EIGHT STAR STREET in Hong Kong and The River in
     Vietnam. There are nine residential projects under development, four in Hong Kong, two in the Chinese Mainland, one in
     Indonesia, one in Vietnam and one in Thailand. There is also a plan to develop a residential project on part of our land
     banks in Miami, U.S.A.

     The table below illustrates the GFA (or expected GFA) attributable to the Group of the trading property portfolio at
     30th June 2024.

     Trading Properties
     (GFA (or expected GFA) attributable to the Group in million square feet)
                                                                                                                           Under
                                                                                                                     Development
                                                                                              Completed                or Held for
                                                                                            Development (1)          Development                Total
     Hong Kong                                                                                          0.0                   1.1                 1.1
     Chinese Mainland                                                                                     –                   0.5                 0.5
     U.S.A. and elsewhere                                                                               0.0                   3.1                 3.1
     Total                                                                                             0.0                    4.7                 4.7

     (1)   Completed development in Hong Kong comprises EIGHT STAR STREET and completed development in U.S.A. and elsewhere comprises
           The River in Vietnam.




22   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
The charts below show the analysis of the Group’s completed investment properties GFA (excluding hotels), gross rental
income and net assets employed by region on an attributable basis.




Completed Investment
Properties GFA                                       2%                                          3%

(excl. Hotels)

                                        42%                                        43%
  Hong Kong
                                                                        56%                                      54%

  Chinese Mainland


  U.S.A.

                                                 30th June 2024                            31st December 2023




Attributable Gross
Rental Income                                        3%                                          2%




                                        41%                                        40%
  Hong Kong

                                                                        56%                                      58%
  Chinese Mainland


  U.S.A.

                                                Six months ended                                Year ended
                                                 30th June 2024                            31st December 2023




Net Assets Employed
                                                     3%                                          3%


                                          23%                                        23%



  Hong Kong


  Chinese Mainland

                                                                  74%                                      74%
  U.S.A. and elsewhere

                                                 30th June 2024                            31st December 2023




                                                                                                                         23
     Review of Operations




     Investment Properties – Hong Kong
     Offices
     Overview
     The completed office portfolio in Hong Kong comprises an aggregate of 10.0 million square feet of space on a 100% basis.
     Total attributable gross rental income from our office properties in Hong Kong was HK$2,730 million in the first half of
     2024. At 30th June 2024, our office properties, completed and under development, in Hong Kong were valued at
     HK$179,182 million. Of this amount, the Group’s attributable interest was HK$170,013 million.

     Hong Kong Office Portfolio
                                                                                  GFA (sq. ft.)              Occupancy           Attributable
                                                                                 (100% Basis)       (at 30th June 2024)               Interest
     Pacific Place                                                                  2,186,433                      97%                  100%
     Taikoo Place – One Island East (1) and
       One Taikoo Place                                                             2,322,772                       94%                100%
     Taikoo Place – Two Taikoo Place                                                  994,545                       62%                100%
     Taikoo Place – Other Office Towers (2)                                         3,122,431                       92%            50%/100%
     Others (3)                                                                     1,382,061                       80%     26.67%/50%/100%
     Total                                                                        10,008,242

     (1)   Excluding the 45th to 54th floors (except for the 49th floor) which have been disposed of.
     (2)   Including PCCW Tower, of which the Group owns 50%.
     (3)   Others comprise One Citygate (26.67% owned), Berkshire House (50% owned), SPACES.8QRE (wholly-owned), Five Pacific Place
           (wholly-owned), Six Pacific Place (wholly-owned) and South Island Place (50% owned).

     Gross rental income from the Hong Kong office portfolio in the first half of 2024 was HK$2,576 million, representing a
     decrease of 7% from the same period in 2023. Disregarding the revenue loss arising from the disposal of nine floors of One
     Island East, gross rental income decreased by 4%. With continued new office supplies coming to the market, coupled with
     weak demand, office rental remained under pressure. Despite these challenges, our office portfolio has remained resilient.
     Our commitment to enhancing our placemaking attributes, including tenant engagement programmes, amenity provision
     and ESG initiatives, remains affirmative. At 30th June 2024, the office portfolio was 89% let. The two latest buildings, Two
     Taikoo Place and Six Pacific Place (which were completed in September 2022 and February 2024, respectively), were 62%
     and 44% let, respectively. Excluding Two Taikoo Place and Six Pacific Place, the rest of the office portfolio was 93% let.

     The chart below shows the mix of tenants of the office properties by the principal nature of their businesses (based on
     internal classifications) as a percentage of the office area at 30th June 2024.




     Office Area by
     Tenants’ Businesses
     (At 30th June 2024)                                                                                    0.6%    11.3%

                                                                                                             6.9%                27.1%


           Banking/Finance/        Professional services (Accounting/   Real estate/Construction/
                                   Legal/Management consulting/         Property development/              9.1%
           Securities/
           Investment              Corporate secretarial)               Architecture
           Trading                 Insurance                            Advertising and
                                                                        public relations                    9.9%
                                                                                                                                19.6%
                                   Technology/Media/                    Others
                                   Telecoms                                                                         15.5%




24   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
At 30th June 2024, the top ten office tenants (based on attributable gross rental income in the six months ended
30th June 2024) together occupied approximately 23% of the Group’s total attributable office area in Hong Kong.


Hong Kong Office Market Outlook
The office market in Hong Kong is anticipated to remain weak in the second half of 2024, affected by subdued demand
and a surplus of office space in the market. Rents will continue to be under pressure. Nevertheless, the prevailing
‘flight-to-quality’ trend is likely to favour the new office buildings such as Two Taikoo Place and Six Pacific Place, as
prospective tenants seek to enhance their office environment, prioritising sustainability and the well-being of their
employees as critical office selection criteria. Assuming a positive development in the financial markets and an uptick in
economic activities, the demand for Grade-A office space should improve.

The following chart shows the percentage of attributable gross rental income from the office properties in Hong Kong, for
the month ended 30th June 2024, derived from leases expiring in the periods with no committed renewals or new lettings.
Tenancies accounting for approximately 8.4% of the attributable gross rental income in the month of June 2024 are
due to expire in the second half of 2024, with tenancies accounting for a further 17.7% of such rental income due to expire
in 2025.




Office Lease                           80%


Expiry Profile                         70%

(At 30th June 2024)                    60%

                                       50%

                                       40%

                                       30%

                                       20%

                                       10%

                                         0
                                                      July – December 2024       2025             2026 and later




                                                                                                                              25
     Review of Operations




     Retail
     Overview
     The completed retail portfolio in Hong Kong comprises an aggregate of 3.2 million square feet of space on a 100% basis.
     Total attributable gross rental income from our retail properties in Hong Kong decreased by 3%, to HK$1,288 million in the
     first half of 2024. At 30th June 2024, our retail properties in Hong Kong were valued at HK$53,562 million. Of this amount,
     the Group’s attributable interest was HK$44,331 million.

     The portfolio principally consists of The Mall at Pacific Place, Cityplaza at Taikoo Shing and Citygate Outlets at Tung
     Chung. The Group wholly owns The Mall and Cityplaza, and has a 26.67% interest in the Citygate development (comprising
     Citygate Outlets). The malls are managed by the Group.


     Hong Kong Retail Portfolio
                                                                         GFA (sq. ft.)                  Occupancy                     Attributable
                                                                        (100% Basis)           (at 30th June 2024)                         Interest
     The Mall, Pacific Place                                                  711,182                          100%                          100%
     Cityplaza                                                              1,096,898                          100%                          100%
     Citygate Outlets                                                         803,582                          100%                        26.67%
     Others    (1)
                                                                              549,558                          100%          26.67%/60%/100%
     Total                                                                 3,161,220

     (1)   Others largely comprise Taikoo Shing neighbourhood shops and StarCrest retail premises (which are wholly-owned), Island Place retail
           premises (60% owned) and Tung Chung Crescent neighbourhood shops (26.67% owned).


     Gross rental income from the retail portfolio in Hong Kong was HK$1,198 million in the first half of 2024, representing a 3%
     decrease from the same period in 2023. Intensive marketing activities and activations were launched to attract both local
     customers and tourists to our malls. However, economic uncertainty, a strong US currency, continuous outbound travel
     trend, high interest rate environment and the changing tourist spending behaviour continue to adversely affect the retail
     market. Retail sales decreased by 13%, 4% and 3%, respectively, at The Mall at Pacific Place, Cityplaza, and Citygate
     Outlets in the first half of 2024. Retail sales in Hong Kong as a whole decreased by 7% in the first half of 2024.

     The malls were almost fully let throughout the period.




26   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
The chart below shows the mix of the tenants of the retail properties by the principal nature of their businesses (based on
internal classifications) as a percentage of the retail area at 30th June 2024.




Retail Area by
Tenants’ Businesses
(At 30th June 2024)

                                                                                          24.5%                        27.3%


   Fashion and accessories   Department stores       Jewellery and watches
                                                                                 0.9%
                                                                                 1.8%
   Food and beverages        Supermarkets            Ice rink                           4.2%

                                                                                         5.5%
                                                                                                                  20.5%
                             Cinemas                 Others
                                                                                                  15.3%




At 30th June 2024, the top ten retail tenants (based on attributable gross rental income in the six months ended 30th June
2024) together occupied approximately 26% of the Group’s total attributable retail area in Hong Kong.


Hong Kong Retail Market Outlook
It is expected that footfall and tenants’ sales in Hong Kong will continue to face a number of challenges particularly from
the outbound travel and the changing tourist spending pattern. With our continuous trade mix refinement, strong
marketing campaigns, loyalty programme initiatives and world-class events organised by the HKSAR Government, it is
anticipated that the sales performance of our malls will remain resilient.

The following chart shows the percentage of attributable gross rental income from the retail properties in Hong Kong, for
the month ended 30th June 2024, derived from leases expiring in the periods with no committed renewals or new lettings.
Tenancies accounting for approximately 8.3% of the attributable gross rental income in the month of June 2024 are
due to expire in the second half of 2024, with tenancies accounting for a further 26.0% of such rental income due to expire
in 2025.




Retail Lease                             70%


Expiry Profile                           60%
(At 30th June 2024)
                                         50%

                                         40%

                                         30%

                                         20%

                                         10%

                                            0
                                                      July – December 2024       2025                 2026 and later




                                                                                                                               27
     Review of Operations




     Residential                                                    Taikoo Shing Car Parking Spaces
     The completed residential portfolio comprises Pacific          Since November 2020, the Group has offered 2,530 car
     Place Apartments at Pacific Place, EAST Residences in          parking spaces in the Taikoo Shing residential
     Quarry Bay, STAR STUDIOS in Wan Chai and a number of           development in Hong Kong for sale. 2,528 of these car
     luxury houses on Hong Kong Island and Lantau Island,           parking spaces had been sold at 2nd August 2024. Sales
     with an aggregate GFA of approximately 0.6 million             of 2,523 car parking spaces had been recognised at
     square feet. The residential portfolio was approximately       30th June 2024, 377 of them in the first half of 2024.
     76% let at 30th June 2024. Increase in demand for our          Sales of 5 car parking spaces are expected to be
     residential investment properties was predominantly            recognised in the second half of 2024.
     driven by residents coming from the Chinese Mainland
     and overseas.                                                  One Island East, 18 Westlands Road
                                                                    In November 2023, the Group entered into agreements
     Investment Properties Under Development                        for the sale of twelve office floors (42nd to 54th floors
                                                                    excluding the 49th floor) at One Island East in Quarry Bay
     Wah Ha Factory Building, 8 Shipyard Lane and
                                                                    to the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). The
     Zung Fu Industrial Building, 1067 King’s Road
                                                                    completion of the sale of the nine floors (45th to 54th
     In 2018, the Group submitted compulsory sale
                                                                    floors excluding the 49th floor) currently occupied by SFC
     applications in respect of these two sites in Quarry Bay.
                                                                    took effect in December 2023. The completion for the
     The Group obtained full ownership of Zung Fu Industrial
                                                                    43rd floor will take place not earlier than 31st December
     Building and Wah Ha Factory Building in March 2022 and
                                                                    2025 and not later than 31st December 2026 while the
     July 2023, respectively. The two sites are intended to be
                                                                    completion for the 44th floor will take place not earlier
     redeveloped for office and other commercial uses with an
                                                                    than 31st December 2026 and not later than 31st
     aggregate GFA of approximately 779,000 square feet.
                                                                    December 2027, and the completion for the 42nd floor
                                                                    will take place not earlier than 31st December 2027 and
     Others                                                         not later than 31st December 2028. The total GFA of the
                                                                    twelve floors is approximately 300,000 square feet.
     9-39 Hoi Wan Street and 33-41 Tong Chong Street
     In June 2022, the Group submitted a compulsory sale
     application in respect of this site in Quarry Bay. The gross
     site area is approximately 20,060 square feet. Proceeding
     with the development (the planning of which is being
     reviewed) is subject to the Group having successfully bid
     in the compulsory sale.




28   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Investment Properties – Chinese Mainland
Overview
The property portfolio in the Chinese Mainland comprises an aggregate of 30.9 million square feet of space, 18.3 million
square feet of which is attributable to the Group. Completed properties amount to 14.0 million square feet, with 16.9
million square feet under development. Total attributable gross rental income from investment properties in the Chinese
Mainland was HK$3,081 million in the first half of 2024. At 30th June 2024, the investment properties in the Chinese
Mainland were valued at HK$133,251 million. Of this amount, the Group’s attributable interest was HK$88,838 million.

Chinese Mainland Property Portfolio (1)
                                                                          GFA (sq. ft.) (100% Basis)
                                                                         Investment                                 Under        Attributable
                                                             Total        Properties           Hotels            Planning             Interest
Completed
Taikoo Li Sanlitun, Beijing (2)                        1,622,846         1,622,846                   –                    –            100%
Taikoo Li Chengdu                                      1,654,565         1,461,428             193,137                    –            100%
Taikoo Hui, Guangzhou                                  3,782,327         3,272,893             509,434                    –             97%
INDIGO, Beijing                                        1,894,141         1,535,840             358,301                    –             50%
HKRI Taikoo Hui, Shanghai                              3,731,964         3,155,381             576,583                    –             50%
Taikoo Li Qiantan, Shanghai                            1,188,727         1,188,727                   –                    –             50%
Hui Fang, Guangzhou                                       90,847            90,847                   –                    –            100%
Others                                                     2,917             2,917                   –                    –            100%
Sub-Total                                            13,968,334        12,330,879           1,637,455                     –
Under Development
Taikoo Li Sanlitun, Beijing (2)                          169,463            169,463                  –                  –              100%
INDIGO Phase Two, Beijing (3)                          4,045,514          3,698,711            346,803                  –               35%
Taikoo Li Xi’an (4)                                    2,936,376                  –                  –          2,936,376               70%
Taikoo Li Sanya (5)                                    2,294,474          2,294,474                  –                  –               50%
Shanghai New Bund Mixed-use Project (6)                2,943,782          2,943,782                  –                  –               40%
Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan (formerly known as
  Shanghai Yangjing Mixed-use Project),
  Shanghai (7)                                         4,181,136                 –                  –           4,181,136                40%
Julong Wan Project, Guangzhou (8)                        351,746           351,746                  –                   –                50%
Sub-Total                                            16,922,491         9,458,176             346,803          7,117,512
Total                                                30,890,825        21,789,055           1,984,258          7,117,512

(1) Including hotels and properties leased for investment.
(2) The Opposite House hotel was closed in June 2024 and will be redeveloped for retail use.
(3) This is an office-led mixed-use development. The development is planned to be completed in two phases, in 2025 and 2026.
(4) This is a retail-led mixed-use development. The development scheme is being planned. The development is planned to be completed in
    phases from 2026.
(5) This is a retail-led development. The development is planned to be completed in phases from late 2025. Project name has yet to be confirmed.
(6) This is a mixed-use development. The development is planned to be completed from 2025.
(7) This is a mixed-use development including residential portion for trading. The development scheme is being planned. The development is
    planned to be completed in phases from 2027.
(8) This is the retail portion of a mixed-use development in Liwan district of Guangzhou. GFA as shown above represented the sites acquired as of
    30th June 2024. The GFA will increase to approximately 1,615,000 square feet, subject to further relevant transaction agreements. The Group
    has a 50% interest in the retail portion of the development. The development scheme is being planned. The overall development is planned to
    be completed in phases from the first half of 2027.


Gross rental income from the Group’s investment property portfolio in the Chinese Mainland was HK$2,445 million in the
first half of 2024, 9% higher than in the same period in 2023, reflecting the improvement to tenant mix in the cities where
our malls operate and share of incremental rental income arising from the acquisitions of additional interests in Taikoo Li
Chengdu during 2023, partly offset by lower turnover rents in the first half of 2024.
                                                                                                                                                    29
     Review of Operations




     Retail
     The completed retail portfolio in the Chinese Mainland comprises an aggregate of 7.8 million square feet of space,
     6.2 million square feet of which is attributable to the Group. Total attributable gross rental income from our retail
     properties in the Chinese Mainland increased by 1%, to HK$2,615 million, in the first half of 2024. Disregarding changes in
     the value of the Renminbi, total attributable gross rental income increased by 5%. At 30th June 2024, our completed retail
     properties in the Chinese Mainland were valued at HK$67,701 million. Of this amount, the Group’s attributable interest was
     HK$56,995 million.

     The portfolio consists of Taikoo Li Sanlitun in Beijing, Taikoo Li Chengdu and Hui Fang in Guangzhou, which are wholly-
     owned by the Group, Taikoo Hui in Guangzhou, which is 97% owned, INDIGO in Beijing, HKRI Taikoo Hui and Taikoo Li
     Qiantan in Shanghai, each of which is 50% owned.


     Chinese Mainland Completed Retail Portfolio
                                                                           GFA (sq. ft.)                   Occupancy              Attributable
                                                                          (100% Basis)            (at 30th June 2024)                  Interest
     Taikoo Li Sanlitun, Beijing                                             1,622,846                          99%                     100%
     Taikoo Li Chengdu                                                       1,354,624                          98%                     100%
     Taikoo Hui, Guangzhou                                                   1,529,392                         100%                       97%
     INDIGO, Beijing                                                           946,769                          97%                       50%
     HKRI Taikoo Hui, Shanghai          (1)
                                                                             1,107,220                          92%                       50%
     Taikoo Li Qiantan, Shanghai                                             1,188,727                          99%                       50%
     Hui Fang, Guangzhou                                                         90,847                        100%                     100%
     Total                                                                  7,840,425

     (1)   Including spaces allocated to prospective tenants who have signed letters of intent.


     In the Chinese Mainland, record-high retail sales were                          same period in 2019 (pre-COVID-19). Retail sales at
     achieved in the first half of 2023, following the lifting of                    Taikoo Li Sanlitun in Beijing, Taikoo Li Chengdu, Taikoo
     COVID-19 related restrictions. However, due to an                               Hui in Guangzhou, INDIGO in Beijing and HKRI Taikoo Hui
     increase in outbound travel (reflecting the visa-free                           in Shanghai decreased by 4%, 17%, 9%, 4% and 20%,
     policy offered by various countries to the Chinese                              respectively, while Taikoo Li Qiantan in Shanghai
     Mainland and the depreciation in certain foreign                                remained unchanged in the first half of 2024 as
     currencies, in particular, the Japanese Yen), disruption                        compared with the same period in 2023. By comparing
     caused by alternation and renovation works in some                              the first half of 2024 with the same period in 2019, Taikoo
     malls, and the high base effect in 2023, retail sales in the                    Li Sanlitun, Taikoo Li Chengdu, Taikoo Hui and INDIGO
     Chinese Mainland dropped in the first half of 2024. Foot                        increased by 4%, 31%, 91% and 1%, respectively, and
     traffic was steady. Structural and reconfiguration works in                     HKRI Taikoo Hui had a decrease of 14% due to the
     Taikoo Li Sanlitun North in Beijing and HKRI Taikoo Hui in                      disruption caused by the major structural and
     Shanghai for tenant mix enhancement are in progress.                            reconfiguration works while Taikoo Li Qiantan had not yet
     Our retail sales (excluding sales by vehicle retailers) on an                   commenced business in 2019. Retail sales in the Chinese
     attributable basis in the Chinese Mainland decreased by                         Mainland market as a whole increased by 4% in the first
     7% in the first half of 2024 but was 69% higher than the                        half of 2024.




30   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
The Group’s gross rental income from retail properties in the Chinese Mainland increased by 10%, to HK$2,238 million, in
the first half of 2024. Disregarding the impact arising from the incremental shareholding acquired at Taikoo Li Chengdu in
February 2023 and changes in the value of the Renminbi, gross rental income increased by 2%.

The chart below shows the mix of the tenants of the retail properties by the principal nature of their businesses (based on
internal classifications) as a percentage of the retail area at 30th June 2024.




Retail Area by
Tenants’ Businesses
(At 30th June 2024)
                                                                                              18.4%


                                                                                       3.3%

                                                                                       4.9%                       44.3%

   Fashion and accessories   Cinemas                  Jewellery and watches             5.5%



   Food and beverages        Supermarkets             Others
                                                                                                 23.6%




At 30th June 2024, the top ten retail tenants (based on               Disregarding the impact arising from the incremental
attributable gross rental income in the six months ended              shareholding acquired at Taikoo Li Chengdu in February
30th June 2024) together occupied approximately 23%                   2023, retail sales and gross rental income decreased by
of the Group’s total attributable retail area in the                  17% and increased by 1%, respectively in the first half of
Chinese Mainland.                                                     2024, reflecting disruption caused by the reconfiguration
                                                                      works to facilitate tenant mix upgrade. The development
Gross rental income at Taikoo Li Sanlitun in Beijing                  was 98% let at 30th June 2024.
increased by 9% in the first half of 2024, reflecting strong
footfall in Taikoo Li Sanlitun South and West benefitting             Retail sales and gross rental income at Taikoo Hui in
from the successful upgrade of brand positioning and the              Guangzhou decreased by 9% and 8%, respectively in the
newly opened flagship stores, as well as the reopening of             first half of 2024 as compared with the first half of 2023,
Workers’ Stadium and the opening of metro line nearby.                reflecting the increased outbound travel. There were
To enhance the leading luxury positioning in the Beijing              improvements in the tenant mix. The mall was 100% let
market, structural and reconfiguration works to facilitate            at 30th June 2024.
the tenant mix improvement at Taikoo Li Sanlitun North
are in progress. Retail sales decreased by 4% as a result.            Retail sales and gross rental income at INDIGO in Beijing
The development was 99% let at 30th June 2024.                        decreased by 4% and 3%, respectively in the first half of
                                                                      2024. The mall was 97% let at 30th June 2024.




                                                                                                                                    31
     Review of Operations




     Retail sales and gross rental income at HKRI Taikoo Hui in          spending behaviour from customers (as compared to
     Shanghai decreased by 20% and 24%, respectively in the              pre-COVID-19 pattern) is expected. However, in the long
     first half of 2024, reflecting disruption caused by the             term, it is expected that onshore spending will still
     major structural and reconfiguration works to cater for             account for the majority of the total retail business in the
     tenant mix improvement. The mall was 92% let at 30th                Chinese Mainland.
     June 2024 including spaces allocated to prospective
     tenants who have signed letters of intent.                          The overall demand for retail space is expected to be
                                                                         stable with retailers taking a relatively more prudent
     Retail sales at Taikoo Li Qiantan in Shanghai remained              expansion approach in the second half of 2024. It is
     unchanged in the first half of 2024 while gross rental              expected that the demand for retail space from retailers
     income increased steadily by 10%, reflecting higher                 of luxury brands will remain strong in Guangzhou and
     occupancy. At 30th June 2024, tenants had committed to              Chengdu. In Shanghai and Beijing, demand for retail
     take 99% of the retail space, with 96% of the lettable              space from fashion, sports, cosmetics, lifestyle brands
     retail space having opened.                                         and food and beverage operators is expected to be solid.

                                                                         The following chart shows the percentage of attributable
     Chinese Mainland Retail Market Outlook
                                                                         gross rental income from the retail properties in the
     2024 is expected to be a year of normalisation, with
                                                                         Chinese Mainland, for the month ended 30th June 2024,
     retailers taking a more prudent approach while
                                                                         derived from leases expiring in the periods with no
     maintaining a positive outlook in the medium to long
                                                                         committed renewals or new lettings. Tenancies
     term. Retailers are expected to focus on offering
                                                                         accounting for approximately 17.7% of the attributable
     exclusive content and customer engagement, and
                                                                         gross rental income in the month of June 2024 are due to
     highlighting the importance of the unique positioning,
                                                                         expire in the second half of 2024, with tenancies
     brand mix and quality services across our portfolios.
                                                                         accounting for a further 25.2% of such rental income due
     Inbound and outbound travels are anticipated to increase
                                                                         to expire in 2025.
     and a recalibration between onshore and offshore




     Retail Lease                                   60%


     Expiry Profile                                 50%
     (At 30th June 2024)
                                                    40%


                                                    30%


                                                    20%


                                                    10%


                                                      0
                                                           July – December 2024         2025              2026 and later




32   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Offices
The completed office portfolio in the Chinese Mainland comprises an aggregate of 4.2 million square feet of space,
2.9 million square feet of which is attributable to the Group. Total attributable gross rental income from our office
properties in the Chinese Mainland decreased slightly to HK$426 million in the first half of 2024. Disregarding changes in
the value of the Renminbi, total attributable gross rental income increased by 4%. At 30th June 2024, our completed office
properties in the Chinese Mainland were valued at HK$20,099 million. Of this amount, the Group’s attributable interest was
HK$12,517 million.

The portfolio comprises Taikoo Hui in Guangzhou, which is 97% owned, and INDIGO in Beijing and HKRI Taikoo Hui in
Shanghai, each of which is 50% owned.


Chinese Mainland Completed Office Portfolio
                                                         GFA (sq. ft.)              Occupancy                Attributable
                                                        (100% Basis)       (at 30th June 2024)                    Interest
Taikoo Hui, Guangzhou                                     1,693,125                       91%                        97%
INDIGO, Beijing                                             589,071                       84%                        50%
HKRI Taikoo Hui, Shanghai                                 1,900,838                       96%                        50%
Total                                                     4,183,034


Demand for office space in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou remained weak amid economic uncertainty and a cautious
approach on lease arrangement was taken by tenants. In Guangzhou, new supply continued to put pressure on office
rents. In Shanghai, new supply and low net absorption of office space put pressure on rents in both core and decentralised
areas. In Beijing, demand was weak putting downward pressure on rents, although new supply in core areas was limited.

The Group’s gross rental income from office properties in the Chinese Mainland increased by 6% to HK$189 million in the
first half of 2024. Disregarding changes in the value of the Renminbi, gross rental income increased by 9%.




                                                                                                                             33
     Review of Operations




     The chart below shows the mix of the tenants of the office properties by the principal nature of their businesses (based on
     internal classifications) as a percentage of the office area at 30th June 2024.




     Office Area by
     Tenants’ Businesses                                                                                 2.9%

     (At 30th June 2024)                                                                            6.7%

                                                                                             7.2%                 27.9%


        Banking/Finance/              Technology/Media/   Real estate/Construction/
        Securities/                   Telecoms            Property development/          15.1%
        Investment                                        Architecture
        Trading                       Pharmaceutical      Others
                                      manufacturing

        Professional services                                                                    15.7%          24.5%




     At 30th June 2024, the top ten office tenants (based on attributable gross rental income in the six months ended
     30th June 2024) together occupied approximately 44% of the Group’s total attributable office area in the Chinese Mainland.

     The office towers of Taikoo Hui in Guangzhou, ONE INDIGO in Beijing and the office towers of HKRI Taikoo Hui in Shanghai
     were 91%, 84% and 96% let, respectively, at 30th June 2024.


     Chinese Mainland Office Market Outlook
     In Guangzhou, aggressive leasing strategies adopted by landlords combined with significant new office supply in
     decentralised areas are expected to put further downward pressure on rents. In Beijing, despite there being limited new
     supply in core areas, rents are expected to be under pressure given weak demand. However, quality buildings with good
     credentials are expected to be well-positioned for a recovery once demand improves. In Shanghai, new supply and existing
     vacant stock is expected to exert downward pressure on office rents. Overall, all cities continue to experience negative
     market sentiment due to economic uncertainties which are causing tenants to remain cautious. Office rents are expected
     to decline in the second half of 2024 and have yet to bottom out.




34   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
The following chart shows the percentage of attributable gross rental income from the office properties in the Chinese
Mainland, for the month ended 30th June 2024, derived from leases expiring in the periods with no committed renewals or
new lettings. Tenancies accounting for approximately 9.9% of the attributable gross rental income in the month of June
2024 are due to expire in the second half of 2024, with tenancies accounting for a further 21.1% of such rental income due
to expire in 2025.




Office Lease                          80%


Expiry Profile                        70%

(At 30th June 2024)                   60%

                                      50%

                                      40%

                                      30%

                                      20%

                                      10%

                                        0
                                                     July – December 2024        2025             2026 and later




Serviced Apartments                                                Investment Properties Under Development
There are 24 serviced apartments at the Mandarin
                                                                   INDIGO Phase Two, Beijing
Oriental in Taikoo Hui Guangzhou, 42 serviced
                                                                   INDIGO Phase Two is an extension of the existing INDIGO
apartments at The Temple House in Taikoo Li Chengdu
                                                                   development, with a GFA of approximately 4 million
and 102 serviced apartments at The Middle House
                                                                   square feet. It will be an office-led mixed-use
Residences in HKRI Taikoo Hui Shanghai.
                                                                   development and is planned to be completed in two
The performance of the serviced apartments in the first            phases, in 2025 and 2026. Basement and superstructure
half of 2024 was mixed. Occupancy at the Mandarin                  works are in progress. The Group has a 35% interest in
Oriental in Guangzhou, The Temple House in Chengdu                 INDIGO Phase Two as at 30th June 2024.
and The Middle House Residences in Shanghai was 88%,
                                                                   In June 2024, the Group entered into an equity and debt
56% and 76% respectively at 30th June 2024.
                                                                   transfer agreement with the China Life group and the
                                                                   Sino-Ocean group, pursuant to which the Group and the
Chinese Mainland Serviced Apartments                               China Life group have conditionally agreed to acquire a
Market Outlook                                                     14.895% and a 49.895% equity interest in the project
The performance of the serviced apartments is expected             company of INDIGO Phase Two, respectively, from the
to remain stable in the second half of 2024.                       Sino-Ocean group. Completion of the acquisitions is
                                                                   subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
                                                                   precedent. The acquisitions were completed in early
                                                                   August. Following the completion of the acquisitions, the
                                                                   Group’s interest in INDIGO Phase Two has increased from
                                                                   35% to 49.895% and the China Life group owns a 49.895%
                                                                   interest in INDIGO Phase Two.




                                                                                                                               35
     Review of Operations




     Taikoo Li Xi’an                                                construction works are also in progress. The development
     Taikoo Li Xi’an is located at the Small Wild Goose Pagoda      is expected to be completed from 2025. Around 88% of
     historical and cultural zone in the Beilin district of Xi’an   the total saleable area of the residential towers was
     and is expected to be developed as a retail-led mixed-use      pre-sold at 30th June 2024. The Group has a 40% interest
     development comprising retail and cultural facilities, a       in this development.
     hotel and serviced residences. The estimated GFA is
     approximately 2.9 million square feet and is subject to        Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan (formerly known as Shanghai
     finalisation of the development scheme. Excavation and         Yangjing Mixed-use Project), Shanghai
     piling works are in progress. The project is expected to be    Jointly developed with the Lujiazui Group, Lujiazui Taikoo
     completed in phases from 2026. The development is              Yuan, situated along the Huangpu River and within the
     being conducted in collaboration with Xi’an Cheng Huan         inner-ring road in Pudong district of Shanghai, will be
     Cultural Investment and Development Co., Ltd. The Group        developed into a mixed-use landmark comprising
     has a 70% interest in Taikoo Li Xi’an.                         premium residential properties, retail, office and cultural
                                                                    facilities, and a hotel and serviced apartments as well.
     Taikoo Li Sanya                                                The estimated GFA is approximately 4.2 million square
     Strategically located in the heart of Haitang Bay National     feet (including retail floor area below ground and
     Coastal Recreation Park in Sanya, the development is our       residential portion for trading), subject to relevant plan
     first-ever resort-style premium retail development             approval. Basement construction and superstructure
     including underground parking and other ancillary              works are in progress. The development is expected to be
     facilities, with a GFA of approximately 2.3 million square     completed in phases from 2027. The pre-sale of the first
     feet. In collaboration with China Tourism Group Duty Free      batch of the residential units is planned in late 2024. The
     Corporation Limited, the development will constitute           Group has a 40% interest in this development.
     Phase III of the Sanya International Duty-Free Complex.
     Basement and ground floor works are in progress. The           Julong Wan Project, Guangzhou
     development is expected to be completed in phases from         As part of a mixed-use development with an approximate
     late 2025. The Group has a 50% interest in this                GFA of 5.7 million square feet located in Liwan district of
     development.                                                   Guangzhou, the centre of the Guangzhou-Foshan
                                                                    metropolis circle, the Group is collaborating with the
     Shanghai New Bund Mixed-use Project                            Guangzhou Pearl River Enterprises Group to develop the
     The New Bund Mixed-use Project is situated within              retail portion of this mixed-use development. The site
     Shanghai’s middle-ring road and spans a site area of           with a GFA of approximately 352,000 square feet was
     approximately 686,000 square feet. Located at the              acquired as of 30th June 2024. The GFA will increase to
     intersection of three Shanghai metro lines, the site is        approximately 1,615,000 square feet, subject to further
     adjacent to Taikoo Li Qiantan, our first joint venture         relevant transaction agreements. Basement works are in
     development with the Lujiazui Group. It is a mixed-use         progress. The overall development is planned to be
     development comprising retail, office and residential          completed in phases beginning from the first half of
     components, with an approximate GFA of 4.1 million             2027. Prior to the first phase’s completion, exhibitions,
     square feet (including retail floor area below ground).        events, pop-up shops and activities will be conducted to
     Office and residential towers have been topped out and         activate the area starting from late 2025. The Group has a
     façade works are in progress. Basement and retail              50% interest in the retail portion of the development.




36   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
No. 387 Tianhe Road, Guangzhou
In August 2024, Taikoo Hui in Guangzhou successfully bid No. 387 Tianhe Road which is connected to its shopping mall via
a public auction. With approximate GFA of 655,000 square feet, No. 387 Tianhe Road will be renovated as a luxury retail
addition to Taikoo Hui. The refurbishment is expected to be completed in 2026. The Group has a 97% interest in this
property.

The chart below illustrates the expected attributable area of the completed property portfolio in the Chinese Mainland
anticipated at 30th June 2024.




Expected Attributable Area of                                   GFA
                                                         (000 sq. ft.)

Completed Property Portfolio                                  20,000

in the Chinese Mainland
anticipated at 30th June 2024                                 15,000
      Taikoo Li Sanlitun,     Taikoo Li Xi’an (2)
      Beijing
      Taikoo Li Chengdu       Taikoo Li Sanya (3)
                                                              10,000
      Taikoo Hui, Guangzhou   Shanghai New Bund
                              Mixed-use Project (4)
      INDIGO, Beijing         Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan,
                              Shanghai (5)
      HKRI Taikoo Hui,        Julong Wan Project,              5,000
      Shanghai                Guangzhou (6)
      Taikoo Li Qiantan,      Hui Fang, Guangzhou
      Shanghai
      INDIGO Phase Two,       Others                                0
      Beijing (1)                                                           2023       2024       2025       2026        2027   2028 and later


(1)
      The development is expected to complete in phases in 2025 and 2026.
(2)
      The development is expected to complete in phases from 2026.
(3)
      The development is expected to complete in phases from late 2025. Project name has yet to be confirmed.
(4)
      The development is expected to complete from 2025.
(5)
      The development is expected to complete in phases from 2027.
(6)
      The development is expected to complete in phases from the first half of 2027. GFA as shown above represented the sites acquired as of
      30th June 2024. The GFA will increase to approximately 1,615,000 square feet, subject to further relevant transaction agreements.



Others                                                                        of 673,871 square feet above ground and 956,949 square
                                                                              feet underground. There are over 40 shikumen blocks,
ZHANGYUAN, Shanghai
                                                                              with about 170 two or three-storey houses. There are
In 2021, the Group formed a joint venture management                          connections to three metro lines and to HKRI Taikoo Hui.
company with Shanghai Jing’an Real Estate (Group) Co.,                        The first phase (the West zone) was completed and
Ltd. This company, in which the Group has a 60% interest,                     opened in November 2022. Construction and renovation
is engaged in the revitalisation and management of the                        works for the second phase (the East zone) are in
ZHANGYUAN shikumen compound in the Jing’an district                           progress. The second phase is planned to be completed
of Shanghai. When the revitalisation is completed, the                        and opened in late 2026. The Group does not have an
compound will have a GFA (including car parking spaces)                       ownership interest in the compound.




                                                                                                                                                 37
     Review of Operations




     Investment Properties – U.S.A.                                                  residential towers (Reach and Rise) developed for sale.
                                                                                     All the residential units at Reach and Rise have been sold.
     Overview
                                                                                     The Group owns 62.93% of the shopping centre at the
     Brickell City Centre, Miami
                                                                                     Brickell City Centre development. The remaining interest
     Brickell City Centre is an urban mixed-use development in                       in the shopping centre is owned by Simon Property
     the Brickell financial district of Miami, U.S.A. It has a site                  Group (25%) and Bal Harbour Shops (12.07%). Bal
     area of 504,017 square feet (approximately 11.6 acres).                         Harbour Shops has an option, which has been exercisable
                                                                                     since February 2020, to sell its interest to the Group.
     The first phase of the Brickell City Centre development
     comprises a shopping centre, two office towers (Two and                         The shopping centre was 100% leased (including by way
     Three Brickell City Centre, which were sold in 2020), a                         of letters of intent) at 30th June 2024. Retail sales in the
     hotel with serviced apartments (EAST Miami, which was                           first half of 2024 increased by 4% compared to the same
     sold in 2021) managed by Swire Hotels and two                                   period in 2023. The contributions from parking and digital
                                                                                     advertising also increased.


     Brickell City Centre, Miami
                                                                                                           GFA (sq. ft.) (1)       Attributable
                                                                                                          (100% Basis)                  Interest
     Completed
     Shopping centre                                                                                              496,508                62.9%

     Held for Development or Sale
     Brickell City Centre land                                                                               1,510,000                   100%
     Total                                                                                                  2,006,508

     (1)   Represents leasable/saleable area except for the car parking spaces, roof top and circulation areas.


     As part of our active capital recycling strategy, we will continue to explore divestment opportunities in the U.S.A.


     Miami Market Outlook
     In Miami, retail sales at the Brickell City Centre mall are expected to continue to benefit from an improving tenant mix and
     population growth in central Miami.



     Valuation of Investment Properties
     The portfolio of investment properties was valued at 30th June 2024 on the basis of market value (96% by value having
     been valued by Cushman & Wakefield Limited and 2% by value having been valued by another independent valuer). The
     amount of this valuation was HK$280,228 million, compared to HK$281,271 million at 31st December 2023.

     The decrease in the valuation of the investment property portfolio primarily reflected a decrease in the fair value of the office
     investment properties in Hong Kong and foreign exchange translation losses in respect of the investment properties in the
     Chinese Mainland, partly offset by the additions in the first half of 2024 and an increase in the fair value of certain existing
     retail investment properties in the Chinese Mainland (reflecting a reduction of 25 basis points in the capitalisation rates).

     Under HKAS 40, hotel properties are not accounted for as investment properties. The hotel buildings are included within
     property, plant and equipment. The leasehold land is included within right-of-use assets. Both are recorded at cost less
     accumulated depreciation or amortisation and any provision for impairment.


38   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Property Trading
Overview
The trading portfolio comprises completed units available for sale at EIGHT STAR STREET in Hong Kong and The River in
Vietnam. There are nine residential projects under development, four in Hong Kong, two in the Chinese Mainland, one in
Indonesia, one in Vietnam and one in Thailand. There is also a plan to develop a residential project on part of our land
banks in Miami, U.S.A.


Property Trading Portfolio (At 30th June 2024)
                                                                                             Actual/Expected
                                                                       GFA (sq. ft.)            Construction   Attributable
                                                                      (100% Basis)           Completion Date        Interest
Completed

Hong Kong
– EIGHT STAR STREET, Wan Chai                                                2,178 (1)                 2022          100%

Vietnam
– The River, Ho Chi Minh City                                                9,114 (1)                 2022            20%

Under Development

Hong Kong
– LA MONTAGNE, Wong Chuk Hang                                             638,305                      2024            25%
– Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 178                                             692,276 (2)             from 2025            80%
– 269 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai                                         102,984      (3)
                                                                                                       2026          100%
– 983-987A King’s Road and 16-94 Pan Hoi Street, Quarry Bay               440,000      (4)
                                                                                                       2028            50%

Chinese Mainland
– Shanghai New Bund Mixed-use Project                                   1,159,057 (5)             from 2025            40%
– Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan, Shanghai                                  to be determined           under planning            40%

Indonesia
– Savyavasa, South Jakarta                                              1,122,728                      2024            50%

Vietnam
– Empire City, Ho Chi Minh City                                         5,357,318                      2029        15.73%

Thailand
– Wireless Road, Bangkok                                                1,631,507 (4)                  2029            40%

Held for Development or sale

U.S.A.
– South Brickell Key, Miami, Florida                                      550,000            under planning          100%
– Brickell City Centre, Miami, Florida – North Squared site               523,000      (6)
                                                                                                        n.a.         100%

(1)   Remaining saleable area.
(2)   Excluding a retail shop of approximately 2,002 sq. ft.
(3)   Excluding a retail podium of approximately 13,197 sq. ft.
(4)   Total GFA subject to change.
(5)   Residential GFA only.
(6)   Represents saleable area.


                                                                                                                               39
     Review of Operations




     Hong Kong                                                       983-987A King’s Road and 16-94 Pan Hoi Street,
                                                                     Quarry Bay
     EIGHT STAR STREET, Wan Chai
                                                                     In 2018, a joint venture company in which the Group
     EIGHT STAR STREET at 8 Star Street, Wan Chai is a
                                                                     holds a 50% interest submitted a compulsory sale
     residential building (with retail outlets on the lowest two
                                                                     application in respect of this site in Quarry Bay. In
     levels) of approximately 34,000 square feet. The
                                                                     October 2023, the joint venture company obtained full
     occupation permit was obtained in May 2022. 35 out of
                                                                     ownership of the sites. Hoarding and demolition works
     37 units had been sold at 2nd August 2024. Sales of 35
                                                                     commenced in May 2024. In accordance with applicable
     units had been recognised at 30th June 2024, 2 of them
                                                                     town planning controls, it is expected that the site can be
     in the first half of 2024.
                                                                     redeveloped for residential and retail uses with a GFA of
                                                                     approximately 440,000 square feet. The development is
     LA MONTAGNE, Wong Chuk Hang                                     expected to be completed in 2028.
     A joint venture formed by the Group, Kerry Properties
     Limited and Sino Land Company Limited is undertaking a          Hong Kong Residential Market Outlook
     residential development in Wong Chuk Hang in Hong
                                                                     In Hong Kong, residential market sentiment remains soft
     Kong. This development will comprise two residential
                                                                     in light of economic uncertainties and high interest rate
     towers (Phases 4A and 4B) with an aggregate GFA of
                                                                     environment, despite the cancellation of stamp duty
     approximately 638,000 square feet and 800 residential
                                                                     measures issued by the HKSAR Government with effect
     units. Interior fit-out works are in progress. Pre-sales of
                                                                     from the end of February 2024. It is anticipated that
     Phase 4A started in July 2023. 56 out of 432 units had
                                                                     market confidence and sentiment might take some time
     been pre-sold at 2nd August 2024. Sales of these units
                                                                     to be rebuilt after the end of interest rate hikes. Demand
     are expected to be recognised in 2025. The development
                                                                     remains resilient in the medium to long term, supported
     is expected to be completed and handed over to the
                                                                     by local demand and gradual increase in demand from
     purchasers in 2024 and 2025 respectively. The Group has
                                                                     Chinese Mainland buyers.
     a 25% interest in the joint venture.

                                                                     Chinese Mainland
     Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 178
     In 2021, a project company held as to 80% by the Group          New Bund Plot and Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan, Shanghai
     and as to 20% by China Motor Bus Company, Limited               In November 2023, the Group completed the acquisition
     completed a land exchange with the HKSAR Government             of 40% equity interest in developments from the Lujiazui
     in respect of a plot of land in Chai Wan. The plot of land is   Group to develop two new landmarks (Shanghai New
     being redeveloped into a residential complex (with retail       Bund Mixed-use Project and Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan) in
     outlet) with an aggregate GFA of approximately 694,000          Shanghai’s Pudong New Area. These two sites will be
     square feet. Superstructure works are in progress at both       developed into large-scale, mixed-use projects, including
     Phase 1 and Phase 2 sites. The development is expected          retail, office and premium residential components.
     to be completed from 2025.                                      Residential towers have been topped out and façade
                                                                     works are in progress at the New Bund plot while
     269 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai                                 superstructure works are underway at Lujiazui Taikoo
                                                                     Yuan. Around 88% of the total saleable area in the New
     In June 2022, the Group acquired (via a government land
                                                                     Bund plot residential project has been pre-sold at 30th
     tender) a plot of land at 269 Queen’s Road East in Wan
                                                                     June 2024, with an expected completion date from 2025
     Chai. The plot of land will be developed primarily for
                                                                     onwards. The pre-sale of the first batch of the residential
     residential use with an aggregate GFA of approximately
                                                                     units in Lujiazui Taikoo Yuan Residences is planned in
     116,000 square feet. Foundation works are in progress.
                                                                     late 2024.
     The development is under design stage and expected to
     be completed in 2026.



40   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Chinese Mainland Residential Market Outlook                    Thailand
The residential market for high-quality developments in        In February 2023, the Group acquired a 40% interest in a
prime locations of Tier-1 cities is expected to be resilient   site located on Wireless Road in Lumphini sub-district in
in the short run, for example, good sales results achieved     Pathum Wan district, Bangkok. In partnership with City
for premium projects launched in Shanghai in the first         Realty Co. Ltd., the site, which is under design stage, is
half of 2024. The outlook for Shanghai’s luxury residential    expected to be developed for residential purposes with
market in prime locations is anticipated to be positive in     a site area of approximately 136,000 square feet.
the long run.                                                  The development is expected to comprise approximately
                                                               400 residential units in two towers and to be completed
Indonesia                                                      in 2029.
In 2019, a joint venture between the Group and Jakarta
Setiabudi Internasional Group completed the acquisition        U.S.A.
of a plot of land in South Jakarta, Indonesia. The land is     In June 2023, the Group announced plans to develop a
being developed for residential purposes with an               luxury residential and hospitality project in Miami.
aggregate GFA of approximately 1,123,000 square feet.          The project, branded as The Residences at The Mandarin
The three towers have been topped out and façade works         Oriental, Miami, will consist of two towers on Brickell Key.
are in progress. The development is expected to                The first tower will comprise luxury private residences.
comprise around 400 residential units to be completed in       The second tower will comprise a new Mandarin Oriental
2024. The Group has a 50% interest in the joint venture.       hotel as well as private residences and hotel residences.
Pre-sales are in progress. 98 units had been pre-sold at       The market response in relation to the sales reservations
2nd August 2024.                                               since December 2023 has exceeded expectations.


Vietnam                                                        Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand and U.S.A.
In 2020, the Group agreed with City Garden Joint Stock         Residential Market Outlook
Company to develop The River, a luxury residential
                                                               With urbanisation, a growing middle class and a limited
property in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The development,
                                                               supply of luxury residential properties, the residential
which was completed in August 2022, comprises 525
                                                               markets in Jakarta, Indonesia, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
luxury apartments in three towers. The Group has an
                                                               and Bangkok, Thailand are expected to be stable.
effective 20% interest in the development. Approximately
                                                               The outlook for the luxury residential market in Miami
93% of the units had been sold at 2nd August 2024.
                                                               remains robust. Florida is an attractive destination for
                                                               homebuyers due to its favourable climate and tax regime,
In 2021, the Group made a minority investment in
                                                               as well as its location as a gateway city to and from
Empire City, a residential-led mixed-use development
                                                               Latin America.
(with residential, retail, office, hotel and serviced
apartment components) in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
The development is under construction and is expected
to be completed in phases up to 2029. The Group                Estate Management
invested in the development through an agreement with
                                                               The Group manages 18 residential estates which it has
Gaw Capital Partners, an existing participant in the
                                                               developed. It also manages OPUS HONG KONG,
development. Over 52% of the residential units had been
                                                               a residential property in Hong Kong which the Group
pre-sold or sold at 2nd August 2024.
                                                               redeveloped for Swire Pacific Limited. The management
                                                               services include day to day assistance for residents,
                                                               management, maintenance, cleaning, security and
                                                               renovation of common areas and facilities. The Group
                                                               places great emphasis on maintaining good relationships
                                                               with residents.

                                                                                                                              41
     Review of Operations




     Hotels
     Overview
     The Group owns and manages (through Swire Hotels) hotels in Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland and the U.S.A.
     The House Collective, comprising The Upper House in Hong Kong, The Temple House in Chengdu and The Middle House
     in Shanghai, is a group of small and distinctive luxury hotels. The Opposite House in Beijing was closed in June 2024 and
     will be redeveloped for retail use. There are confirmed plans to open three new hotels under The House Collective in
     Tokyo, Shenzhen and Xi’an. There are EAST hotels in Hong Kong, Beijing and Miami. EAST Miami ceased to be owned by
     the Group since October 2021 but is managed by the Group under a third-party hotel management agreement. The Group
     also has interests in non-managed hotels in Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Miami.

     The managed hotels in Hong Kong faced challenges, reflecting slower than anticipated speed of recovery of visitors. Food
     and beverage businesses were also soft. Chinese Mainland hotels were stable while the operating performance of the
     managed hotel in the U.S.A. improved.

     The managed hotels (including restaurants and hotel management office) recorded an operating profit before
     depreciation of HK$25 million in the first half of 2024, compared with an operating profit before depreciation of
     HK$59 million in the first half of 2023.

     Hotel Portfolio (managed by Swire Hotels)
                                                                                                          No. of Rooms         Attributable
                                                                                                          (100% Basis)              Interest
     Completed

     Hong Kong
     – The Upper House                                                                                              117              100%
     – EAST Hong Kong                                                                                               331              100%
     – Headland Hotel       (1)
                                                                                                                    501                 0%

     Chinese Mainland
     – The Opposite House (2)                                                                                       n.a.               n.a.
     – EAST Beijing                                                                                                 365                50%
     – The Temple House            (3)
                                                                                                                    142              100%
     – The Middle House           (3)
                                                                                                                    213                50%

     U.S.A.
     – EAST Miami (4)                                                                                               352                 0%
     Total                                                                                                       2,021

     (1)   Headland Hotel is owned by Airline Property Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited.
     (2)   The Opposite House was closed in June 2024 and will be redeveloped for retail use.
     (3)   Comprising one hotel tower and one serviced apartment tower.
     (4)   EAST Miami (including serviced apartments in the hotel tower) is owned by a third party.




42   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Hong Kong                                                     The performance of the managed and non-managed
The Group wholly-owns and manages (through Swire              hotels in the Chinese Mainland was stable. Revenue per
Hotels) two hotels in Hong Kong, The Upper House, a           available room improved steadily in the first half of 2024.
117-room luxury hotel at Pacific Place, and EAST Hong
Kong, a 331-room hotel in Taikoo Shing.                       U.S.A.
                                                              EAST Miami at the Brickell City Centre development
The Group has a 20% interest in each of the JW Marriott,      in Miami was sold to a third party in October 2021.
Conrad Hong Kong and Island Shangri-La hotels at Pacific      It continues to be managed by Swire Hotels.
Place and a 26.67% interest in each of the Novotel
Citygate and The Silveri Hong Kong – MGallery in              The performance of the U.S.A. hotels was mixed. Results
Tung Chung.                                                   at EAST Miami improved due to higher occupancy while
                                                              results at the Mandarin Oriental, Miami (a non-managed
The managed hotels in Hong Kong faced challenges              hotel) were weaker than in the first half of 2023, mainly
with slower than expected speed of recovery of visitors.      due to lower room rates.
The Hong Kong restaurant and beverage market
remained soft.
                                                              Outlook
                                                              Outlook for the hotel businesses in Hong Kong remains
Chinese Mainland
                                                              cautiously optimistic, but subject to the speed of
Swire Hotels manages three hotels in the Chinese              recovery of international tourists and business travellers.
Mainland, EAST Beijing, a 365-room hotel at INDIGO in         Hotel businesses in the Chinese Mainland are expected
Beijing, The Temple House, luxury properties with 100         to improve steadily. The U.S.A. hotels are expected to
hotel rooms and 42 serviced apartments at Taikoo Li           perform stably.
Chengdu, and The Middle House, luxury properties
consisting of 111 hotel rooms and 102 serviced                We are expanding our hotel management business, with
apartments at HKRI Taikoo Hui, Shanghai. The Opposite         a focus on extending our hotel brands in Asia Pacific
House, a 99-room luxury hotel at Taikoo Li Sanlitun, was      through hotel management agreements.
closed in June 2024 and will be redeveloped for retail use.
The Group owns a 100% interest in The Temple House
and a 50% interest in each of the EAST Beijing and The
Middle House. The Group owns a 97% interest in, but
does not manage, the Mandarin Oriental at Taikoo Hui
in Guangzhou, which has 263 rooms and 24 serviced
apartments. The Group owns a 50% interest in another
non-managed hotel, The Sukhothai, at HKRI Taikoo Hui
in Shanghai, which has 201 rooms.




                                                                                                                            43
     Review of Operations




     Development Highlight
     Two Taikoo Place, Taikoo Square & Taikoo Garden
     Two Taikoo Place is the newest triple Grade-A office       development in Hong Kong to receive this level of
     tower at Swire Properties’ Global Business District in     achievement. The triple Grade-A office tower also
     Taikoo Place. Built to meet the highest sustainability     received the “2024 ULI Asia Pacific Awards for
     standards, it was completed in September 2022 and          Excellence” by the Urban Land Institute (ULI) recently,
     features 42 storeys of premium office space – totalling    recognising its outstanding performance across multiple
     approximately one million square feet. It has achieved     disciplines including design, construction, management
     Platinum ratings for LEED, WELL and BEAM Plus, and is      and sustainability.
     the first building in Hong Kong to be awarded Platinum
     certification for both WiredScore and SmartScore, a        Located at the doorstep of Two Taikoo Place, Taikoo
     testament to its best-in-class smart infrastructure and    Square, Taikoo Garden and Taikoo Piazza offer 70,000
     advanced connectivity.                                     square feet of green and open space; and increase the
                                                                ratio of green space at Taikoo Place to 30% of the total
     Two Taikoo Place also contributes to the LEED for Cities   site area. These landscaped green areas, and cascading
     and Communities Gold certification of the broader Taikoo   water features, offer office workers unparalleled world-
     Place development, which marks the first and only          class amenities with wellness in mind.




44   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
By integrating nature-based solutions, Taikoo Square
and Taikoo Garden showcase the Company’s focus on
biophilic design. This is set to improve the microclimate,
increase rainwater retention and enhance air quality.
It will also reconnect people with nature and promote
urban biodiversity.

Biodiversity is also a key focus of Swire Properties’
Sustainable Development (SD) 2030 Strategy and is part
of the Company’s greater efforts to combat climate
change. The Company partnered with ecological experts
to assess the status of urban biodiversity in the greater
Quarry Bay area, with the study inspiring the selection of
over 260 native and exotic plant species to enhance the
overall ecological value of the two new gardens.

Taikoo Square launched in June 2024, and together with
the opening of the final elevated climate-controlled
walkway connecting Two Taikoo Place and One Island
East, the latest phase of the Taikoo Place redevelopment
project is now complete.




                                                             45
     Review of Operations




     Capital Commitments
     Capital Expenditure and Commitments
     Capital expenditure in the first half of 2024 on Hong Kong investment properties and hotels, including the Group’s share of
     the capital expenditure of joint venture companies, amounted to HK$612 million (first half of 2023: HK$1,298 million).
     Outstanding capital commitments at 30th June 2024 were HK$9,692 million (31st December 2023: HK$9,919 million),
     including the Group’s share of the capital commitments of joint venture companies of HK$44 million (31st December 2023:
     HK$22 million).

     Capital expenditure in the first half of 2024 on Chinese Mainland investment properties and hotels, including the Group’s
     share of the capital expenditure of joint venture companies, amounted to HK$983 million (first half of 2023: HK$353
     million). Outstanding capital commitments at 30th June 2024 were HK$19,127 million (31st December 2023: HK$15,271
     million), including the Group’s share of the capital commitments of joint venture companies of HK$11,001 million
     (31st December 2023: HK$7,106 million). The Group is committed to funding HK$939 million (31st December 2023:
     HK$797 million) of the capital commitments of joint venture companies. In addition to this, the Group is committed to
     make capital injections into joint venture companies of HK$1,817 million (31st December 2023: HK$275 million).

     Capital expenditure in the first half of 2024 on investment properties and hotels in the U.S.A. amounted to HK$60 million
     (first half of 2023: HK$16 million). Outstanding capital commitments at 30th June 2024 were HK$35 million
     (31st December 2023: HK$25 million).

     Profile of Capital Commitments for Investment Properties and Hotels
                                                                                                                                  Commitments
                                                                                                                                      relating to
                                                                                                                      Total        joint venture
                                  Expenditure                        Forecast Expenditure                      Commitments (1)       Companies (2)
                                   Six months           Six months
                                        ended               ending
                                    30th June       31st December                                   2027        At 30th June       At 30th June
                                         2024                 2024        2025         2026      and later             2024               2024
                                        HK$M                 HK$M        HK$M         HK$M         HK$M               HK$M               HK$M
     Hong Kong                             612                785          719        1,738        6,450              9,692                  44
     Chinese Mainland                      983              3,531        5,702        4,522        5,372             19,127             11,001
     U.S.A.                                  60                28             7             –           –                35                    –
     Total                               1,655              4,344        6,428        6,260       11,822             28,854             11,045

     (1)   The capital commitments represent the Group’s capital commitments of HK$17,809 million plus the Group’s share of the capital commitments
           of joint venture companies of HK$11,045 million.
     (2)   The Group is committed to funding HK$939 million of the capital commitments of joint venture companies.




46   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Financing

Summary of Cash Flows
                                                                         Six months ended                Year ended
                                                                             30th June                31st December
                                                                           2024              2023              2023
                                                                          HK$M              HK$M              HK$M
Net cash from/(used in) businesses and investments
Cash generated from operations                                            3,701             4,221              7,492
Dividends received                                                           80                34                 34
Tax paid                                                                   (530)             (370)             (963)
Net interest paid                                                          (806)             (511)            (1,118)
Net cash used in investing activities                                    (1,161)            (6,761)         (13,861)
                                                                          1,284             (3,387)           (8,416)
Cash paid to shareholders and net repayment
   of external debt
Net increase in borrowings                                                1,879             7,309            15,135
Capital contribution from a non-controlling interest
  and advances from an associated company                                 1,657                  –                16
Principal elements of lease payments                                        (39)              (38)               (82)
Dividends paid                                                           (4,262)            (4,024)           (6,004)
                                                                           (765)            3,247              9,065
Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            519              (140)              649




Medium Term Note Programme
In 2012, Swire Properties MTN Financing Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, established a US$3 billion
Medium Term Note (“MTN”) Programme. The aggregate nominal amount of the MTN Programme was increased to
US$4 billion in 2017. Notes issued under the MTN Programme are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the
Company. At 30th June 2024, the MTN Programme was rated A by Fitch and (P)A2 by Moody’s, in each case in respect of
notes with a maturity of more than one year.

The MTN Programme enables the Group to raise money directly from the capital markets. Under the MTN Programme,
notes may be issued in United States dollars or in other currencies, in various amounts and for various tenors.




                                                                                                                        47
     Financing




     Changes in Financing
     Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
     Analysis of Changes in Financing

                                                              Six months ended                          Year ended
                                                               30th June 2024                      31st December 2023
                                                           Loans and              Lease          Loans and              Lease
                                                              bonds           liabilities           bonds           liabilities
                                                              HK$M               HK$M               HK$M               HK$M
     At 1st January                                           41,169                607             22,835                614
        Loans drawn and refinanced                             2,650                   –            11,523                   –
        Bonds issued                                           1,879                   –             6,742                   –
        Bonds matured                                           (300)                  –              (200)                  –
        Repayment of loans                                    (2,350)                  –            (2,930)                  –
        Acquisition of subsidiary companies                         –                  –             3,151                 42
        New leases arranged during the period                       –                14                  –                 62
        Principal elements of lease payments                        –               (39)                 –                (82)
        Currency adjustment                                     (323)               (14)               (27)               (16)
        Other non-cash movements                                  30                   1                75                (13)
     At 30th June/31st December                               42,755                569             41,169                607




     Net Debt
     Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
     Net debt at 30th June 2024 was HK$37,796 million, compared with HK$36,679 million at 31st December 2023.
     The increase in net debt principally reflected capital and development expenditure and investment in joint venture
     companies in Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland.




48   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
The Group’s borrowings are principally denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United States dollars.
Outstanding borrowings at 30th June 2024 and 31st December 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                                   30th June    31st December
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                      HK$M              HK$M
Borrowings included in non-current liabilities
  Bank borrowings                                                                                    13,160            13,159
  Bonds                                                                                              21,243            20,447
Borrowings included in current liabilities
  Bank borrowings                                                                                      6,630            6,463
  Bonds                                                                                                1,722            1,100
Total borrowings                                                                                     42,755            41,169
Lease liabilities
  Included in non-current liabilities                                                                    484              527
  Included in current liabilities                                                                         85               80
Less: short-term deposits and bank balances                                                            5,528            5,097
Net debt                                                                                             37,796            36,679



Sources of Finance
Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
At 30th June 2024, committed loan facilities and debt securities amounted to HK$55,307 million, of which HK$12,400
million (22%) remained undrawn. In addition, the Group had undrawn uncommitted facilities totalling HK$400 million.
Sources of funds at 30th June 2024 comprised:

                                                                                                    Undrawn         Undrawn
                                                                                              Expiring Within   Expiring After
                                                                  Available          Drawn           One Year        One Year
                                                                    HK$M             HK$M              HK$M             HK$M
Facilities from third parties
  Term loans                                                        14,557           14,557                –                –
  Revolving loans                                                   17,740            5,340                –          12,400
  Bonds                                                             23,010           23,010                –                –
Total committed facilities                                          55,307           42,907                –          12,400
Uncommitted facilities
  Bank loans and overdrafts                                             400               –              400                –
Total                                                               55,707           42,907              400          12,400


Note: The figures above are stated before unamortised loan fees of HK$152 million.




                                                                                                                                 49
     Financing




     Maturity Profile and Refinancing
     At 30th June 2024, bank loans and other borrowings are repayable on various dates up to 2033 (31st December 2023: up
     to 2033). The weighted average term and cost of the Group’s debt are:

                                                                                                  30th June                          31st December
                                                                                                2024                 2023                        2023
     Weighted average term of debt                                                         2.5 years            3.7 years                    3.0 years
     Weighted average cost of debt                                                              4.1%                 3.9%                        4.1%

     Note: The weighted average cost of debt above is stated on gross debt basis.


     The maturity profile of the Group’s available committed facilities is set out below:




     Total Available                                          HK$M

     Committed Facilities                                     16,000

     by Maturity                                              14,000

                                                              12,000

                                                              10,000

                                                               8,000
     Facilities from third parties
                                                               6,000
        Term and
        revolving loans                                        4,000

        Bonds                                                  2,000

                                                                  0
                                                                         2H 2024 2025    2026   2027   2028   2029   2030     2031    2032     2033




     Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
     The table below sets forth the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings:

                                                                                        30th June 2024                  31st December 2023
                                                                                        HK$M                                HK$M
     Bank borrowings and bonds from third parties due
        Within 1 year                                                                   8,352            19%                 7,563               18%
        1-2 years                                                                   13,232               31%                 6,073               15%
        2-5 years                                                                   19,118               45%                25,256               61%
        After 5 years                                                                   2,053             5%                 2,277                    6%
     Total                                                                          42,755             100%                 41,169              100%
     Less: Amount due within one year included
       under current liabilities                                                        8,352                                7,563
     Amount due after one year included under
       non-current liabilities                                                      34,403                                  33,606




50   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Currency Profile
Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
An analysis of the carrying amounts of gross borrowings by currency (after cross-currency swaps) is shown below:

                                                                      30th June 2024              31st December 2023
                                                                     HK$M                           HK$M
Currency
Hong Kong dollars                                                   25,259             59%         25,243           61%
Renminbi                                                            13,996             33%         12,427           30%
United States dollars                                                3,500              8%          3,499            9%
Total                                                               42,755            100%         41,169          100%




Finance Charges
Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors
At 30th June 2024, 68% of the Group’s gross borrowings were on a fixed rate basis and 32% were on a floating rate basis
(31st December 2023: 68% and 32% respectively). Interest charged and earned were as follows:

                                                                             Six months ended               Year ended
                                                                                 30th June               31st December
                                                                              2024               2023               2023
                                                                             HK$M               HK$M               HK$M
Interest charged on:
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                      484               277                743
Bonds                                                                          356               272                614
Interest-bearing advances from joint venture and
   associated companies                                                          2                 2                  2
Lease liabilities                                                               10                11                 21
Net fair value (gains)/losses on derivative instruments
   Cash flow hedges – transferred from other
  comprehensive income                                                         (31)              (14)                (41)
   Cross-currency swaps not qualifying as hedges                                (1)                1                   1
Other financing costs                                                           85                57                 125
                                                                               905               606               1,465
Losses on the movement in the fair value of the liability
  in respect of a put option in favour of the owner of
  a non-controlling interest                                                    48                 5                 53
Capitalised on:
  Investment properties                                                       (216)             (219)              (510)
  Properties for sale                                                         (152)             (121)              (270)
                                                                               585               271                738
Interest income on:
Short-term deposits and bank balances                                          (41)              (29)               (64)
Loans to joint venture and associated companies                                (75)              (54)              (136)
Others                                                                           –                (9)               (18)
                                                                              (116)              (92)              (218)
Net finance charges                                                            469               179                520


                                                                                                                            51
     Financing




     Gearing Ratio and Interest Cover
                                                                                             30th June                   31st December
                                                                                           2024               2023                2023
     Gearing ratio     (1)
                                                                                          13.3%              10.2%              12.7%


                                                                                          Six months ended                  Year ended
                                                                                              30th June                  31st December
                                                                                           2024               2023                2023
     Interest cover – times        (1)


        Per financial statements                                                             6.9              16.1                10.0
        Underlying                                                                          10.8              24.8                26.8
     Cash interest cover – times          (1)


        Per financial statements                                                             3.8               5.5                  4.0
        Underlying                                                                           5.8               8.4                10.0

     (1) Refer to Glossary on page 79 for definitions.




     Debt in Joint Venture and Associated Companies
     In accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the net debt of the Group reported in the consolidated
     statement of financial position does not include the net debt of its joint venture and associated companies. These
     companies had the following net debt positions at 30th June 2024 and 31st December 2023:

                                                     Net Debt of
                                                  Joint Venture and             Portion of Net Debt            Debt Guaranteed by
                                                Associated Companies         Attributable to the Group              the Group
                                                30th June    31st December   30th June   31st December       30th June    31st December
                                                    2024              2023       2024             2023           2024              2023
                                                   HK$M              HK$M       HK$M             HK$M           HK$M              HK$M
     Hong Kong Entities                             10,521         10,228       3,539              3,444        2,408            2,408
     Chinese Mainland Entities                       9,255          7,042       4,192              3,403        1,502            1,449
     U.S.A. and other Entities                        239              86         108                64          152               139
     Total                                          20,015         17,356       7,839              6,911        4,062            3,996


     If the attributable portion of the net debt in joint venture and associated companies were to be added to the Group’s net
     debt, gearing would rise to 16.1%.




52   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Report on Review of Condensed Interim Financial Statements




To the Board of Directors of Swire Properties Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed interim financial statements set out on pages 54 to 75, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position of Swire Properties Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as
at 30th June 2024 and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of other comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period
then ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on condensed interim financial statements to be in compliance with the
relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
presentation of these condensed interim financial statements in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
“Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibility is to
express a conclusion on these condensed interim financial statements based on our review and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in
scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed interim financial
statements of the Group are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
“Interim Financial Reporting”.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 8th August 2024

PricewaterhouseCoopers, 22/F Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong SAR, China
T: +852 2289 8888, F: +852 2810 9888, www.pwchk.com


                                                                                                                               53
     Condensed Interim Financial Statements

     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the six months ended 30th June 2024 – unaudited

                                                                                   Unaudited                       Audited
                                                                               Six months ended                Year ended
                                                                                   30th June                31st December
                                                                                 2024              2023               2023
                                                                Note            HK$M              HK$M               HK$M
     Revenue                                                       4            7,279             7,297              14,670
     Cost of sales                                                 5           (2,004)            (1,970)            (4,284)
     Gross profit                                                               5,275             5,327              10,386
     Administrative and selling expenses                                       (1,014)             (951)             (2,058)
     Other operating expenses                                                     (99)             (106)              (205)
     Other net losses                                              6             (103)              (65)              (114)
     Change in fair value of investment properties                13             (842)            (1,332)            (2,829)
     Operating profit                                                           3,217             2,873               5,180
     Finance charges                                                             (585)             (271)              (738)
     Finance income                                                               116                92                218
     Net finance charges                                           8             (469)             (179)              (520)
     Share of profit less losses of joint venture companies                       311               508                124
     Share of profit less losses of associated companies                           39                16               (416)
     Profit before taxation                                                     3,098             3,218               4,368
     Taxation                                                      9           (1,208)             (954)             (1,617)
     Profit for the period                                                      1,890             2,264               2,751
     Profit for the period attributable to:
        The Company’s shareholders                                              1,796             2,223               2,637
        Non-controlling interests                                                  94                41                114
                                                                                1,890             2,264               2,751

                                                                                 HK$                HK$                HK$
     Earnings per share from profit attributable to the
       Company’s shareholders (basic and diluted)                 11             0.31               0.38               0.45



     The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




54   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30th June 2024 – unaudited

                                                                            Unaudited                       Audited
                                                                        Six months ended                Year ended
                                                                            30th June                31st December
                                                                          2024              2023              2023
                                                                         HK$M              HK$M              HK$M
Profit for the period                                                    1,890             2,264             2,751
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Revaluation of properties previously occupied by the Group
  – gains recognised during the period                                       1                  –               46
  – deferred tax                                                             –                  –              (11)
Defined benefit plans
  – remeasurement losses recognised during the period                        –                  –              (56)
  – deferred tax                                                             –                  –                9
Net translation differences recognised during the period                   (37)              (51)              (25)
                                                                           (36)              (51)              (37)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Cash flow hedges
  – gains/(losses) recognised during the period                             90                20               (38)
  – transferred to net finance charges                                     (31)              (14)              (41)
  – deferred tax                                                           (10)                (1)              13
Share of other comprehensive income of joint venture and
  associated companies
  – recognised during the period                                          (652)             (485)             (103)
  – reclassified to profit or loss on deemed disposal                        –               228               228
Net translation differences recognised during the period                  (989)            (1,796)            (904)
                                                                        (1,592)            (2,048)            (845)
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                   (1,628)            (2,099)            (882)
Total comprehensive income for the period                                 262                165             1,869


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  The Company’s shareholders                                              205                175             1,780
  Non-controlling interests                                                 57               (10)               89
                                                                          262                165             1,869



The above consolidated statement of other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                      55
     Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 30th June 2024 – unaudited
                                                                                              Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                              30th June     31st December
                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                   Note          HK$M               HK$M
     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
     Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                                 12           3,381             3,644
       Investment properties                                                         13         280,396           281,463
       Intangible assets                                                             14           1,496             1,555
       Right-of-use assets                                                           15           2,759             2,655
       Properties held for development                                                            1,209             1,210
       Joint venture companies                                                       16          19,860            19,276
       Loans due from joint venture companies                                        16          14,487            14,781
       Associated companies                                                          17          10,333            10,583
       Loans due from associated companies                                           17             255               209
       Derivative financial instruments                                              19              99                57
       Deferred tax assets                                                           23              65                88
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                        629               623
                                                                                                334,969           336,144
     Current assets
       Properties for sale                                                                        9,674             9,121
       Stocks                                                                                        85                77
       Trade and other receivables                                                   20           3,584             3,506
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  5,528             5,097
                                                                                                 18,871            17,801
        Assets classified as held for sale                                           24               9               543
                                                                                                 18,880            18,344
     Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                                      21          11,137             9,763
       Contract liabilities                                                                          14                 5
       Taxation payable                                                                             520               378
       Long-term loans and bonds due within one year                                              8,352             7,563
       Lease liabilities due within one year                                         22              85                80
                                                                                                 20,108            17,789
     Net current (liabilities)/assets                                                            (1,228)              555
     Total assets less current liabilities                                                      333,741           336,699
     Non-current liabilities
       Long-term loans and bonds                                                                 34,403            33,606
       Long-term lease liabilities                                                   22             484               527
       Derivative financial instruments                                              19              10                22
       Other payables                                                                21             268               268
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                      23          14,368            14,082
       Retirement benefit liabilities                                                                53                45
                                                                                                 49,586            48,550
     NET ASSETS                                                                                 284,155           288,149
     EQUITY
       Share capital                                                                 25          10,449            10,449
       Reserves                                                                      26         270,626           274,633
     Equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                                          281,075           285,082
     Non-controlling interests                                                       27           3,080             3,067
     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                               284,155           288,149

     The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

56   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30th June 2024 – unaudited
                                                                             Unaudited                      Audited
                                                                         Six months ended               Year ended
                                                                             30th June               31st December
                                                                           2024            2023               2023
                                                                          HK$M            HK$M               HK$M
Operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                                         3,701             4,221              7,492
  Interest paid                                                           (885)             (547)            (1,222)
  Interest received                                                         79                36                104
  Tax paid                                                                (530)             (370)              (963)
                                                                         2,365             3,340              5,411
  Dividends received from joint venture companies                           80                34                 34
Net cash from operating activities                                       2,445             3,374              5,445
Investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                (117)             (111)              (217)
 Additions of investment properties                                       (846)           (1,332)            (2,771)
 Purchase of intangible assets                                             (11)              (16)               (64)
 Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                           311                60              5,291
 Proceeds from disposal of subsidiary companies,
  net of cash disposed of                                                     –                –               535
 Payment for acquisition of subsidiary companies,
  net of cash acquired                                                       –            (3,388)            (3,699)
 Purchase of shares in joint venture companies                               –              (762)              (791)
 Purchase of shares in associated companies                                  –                 –            (10,397)
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          (8)             (156)              (161)
 Equity to joint venture companies                                        (732)             (221)              (356)
 Loans to joint venture companies                                         (156)             (956)            (1,604)
 Repayment of loans by joint venture companies                             403               173                435
 Repayment of loans by associated companies                                  –                 6                 17
 Initial leasing costs incurred                                             (5)              (58)               (79)
  Net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,161)           (6,761)           (13,861)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) before financing activities                    1,284            (3,387)            (8,416)
Financing activities
  Loans drawn and refinanced                                             2,650             8,339            11,523
  Bonds issued                                                           1,879                 –             6,742
  Repayment of loans and bonds                                          (2,650)           (1,030)           (3,130)
  Advances from an associated company                                    1,624                 –                 –
  Principal elements of lease payments                                     (39)              (38)              (82)
                                                                         3,464             7,271            15,053
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                       33                 –                16
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                          (4,212)           (3,978)           (5,909)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                              (50)              (46)              (95)
  Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                            (765)            3,247             9,065
Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           519              (140)              649
  Cash and cash equivalents at 1st January                               5,097             4,502             4,502
  Effect of exchange differences                                           (88)             (115)              (54)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                           5,528             4,247             5,097
Represented by:
Bank balances and short-term deposits maturing within three months       5,528             4,247              5,097


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                       57
     Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30th June 2024 – unaudited

                                                     Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                     Share      Revenue           Other                     controlling     Total
                                                    capital      reserve       reserves         Total         interests    equity
                                                     HK$M         HK$M           HK$M          HK$M              HK$M      HK$M
     At 1st January 2024                            10,449     276,689          (2,056)      285,082            3,067     288,149
     Profit for the period                                 –      1,796               –        1,796                94      1,890
     Other comprehensive income                            –           –        (1,591)       (1,591)              (37)    (1,628)
     Total comprehensive income
       for the period                                      –      1,796         (1,591)             205             57        262
     Capital contribution from
       a non-controlling interest                          –           –              –                –            23         23
     Dividends declared and/or paid                        –     (4,212)              –       (4,212)              (67)    (4,279)
     At 30th June 2024 (unaudited)                  10,449     274,273          (3,647)      281,075            3,080     284,155


                                                      Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                     Share      Revenue           Other                     controlling      Total
                                                    capital      reserve       reserves             Total     interests     equity
                                                    HK$M          HK$M           HK$M              HK$M          HK$M       HK$M
     At 1st January 2023                            10,449      280,008         (1,246)      289,211             3,047    292,258
     Profit for the period                                 –       2,223              –            2,223            41      2,264
     Other comprehensive income                            –           –        (2,048)        (2,048)             (51)    (2,099)
     Total comprehensive income
       for the period                                      –       2,223        (2,048)              175           (10)       165
     Dividends paid                                        –      (3,978)             –        (3,978)             (46)    (4,024)
     At 30th June 2023 (unaudited)                  10,449      278,253         (3,294)      285,408             2,991    288,399



     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




58   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements

1. Segment Information
   (a) Analysis of consolidated statement of profit or loss

                                                           Operating
                                                               profit/                          Share of                                                  Profit/
                                                             (losses)                         profit less      Share of                                 (Losses)
                                                                 after                         losses of     profit less     Profit/     Profit/    attributable
                                                Inter-   depreciation                               joint     losses of    (Losses)    (Losses)            to the
                                  External   segment              and    Finance   Finance      venture     associated       before      for the     Company’s
                                  revenue     revenue    amortisation    charges   income    companies      companies      taxation      period    shareholders
                                    HK$M        HK$M           HK$M        HK$M      HK$M         HK$M           HK$M        HK$M         HK$M            HK$M
      Six months ended
        30th June 2024
        Property investment       6,727            1        4,170        (579)      116           436               –      4,143       3,506          3,458
        Property trading             88            –          (54)          –         –            (8)              9        (53)        (76)           (75)
        Hotels                      464            3          (57)         (6)        –           (17)             24        (56)        (51)           (51)
        Change in fair value
        of investment
        properties                      –           –         (842)           –         –       (100)                6      (936) (1,489)            (1,536)
        Inter-segment
        elimination                   –           (4)           –           –         –             –               –          –           –              –
                                  7,279            –        3,217        (585)      116           311              39      3,098       1,890          1,796
      Six months ended
         30th June 2023
         Property investment      6,732             1        4,254       (264)        88          506               –      4,584       3,911           3,855
         Property trading            89             –          (12)         –          4          (20)              –        (28)        (53)            (52)
         Hotels                     476             1          (37)        (7)         –           12              16        (16)        (10)            (10)
         Change in fair value
        of investment
        properties                      –           –      (1,332)            –         –           10               –     (1,322)     (1,584)        (1,570)
         Inter-segment
        elimination                   –           (2)            –          –          –            –               –          –           –               –
                                  7,297            –         2,873       (271)        92          508              16      3,218       2,264           2,223
      Year ended
        31st December 2023
        Property investment      13,525             3        8,201       (725)      203           866               7      8,552       7,435           7,325
        Property trading            166             –          (89)         –        15           (46)              –       (120)       (172)           (169)
        Hotels                      979             5         (103)       (13)        –           (29)             31       (114)       (101)           (100)
        Change in fair value
        of investment
        properties                      –           –      (2,829)            –         –       (667)          (454)       (3,950)     (4,411)        (4,419)
        Inter-segment
        elimination                   –           (8)            –          –         –             –             –            –           –               –
                                 14,670            –         5,180       (738)      218           124          (416)       4,368       2,751           2,637

      Note:
      Sales between business segments are accounted for at competitive prices charged to unaffiliated customers for similar goods
      and services.




                                                                                                                                                                    59
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     1. Segment Information (continued)
           (b) Analysis of total assets of the Group
                                                                                        Joint                            Bank
                                                                     Segment          venture      Associated         deposits           Total
                                                                       assets      companies*     companies*          and cash          assets
                                                                       HK$M            HK$M            HK$M             HK$M            HK$M
                At 30th June 2024
                  Property investment                                287,181          26,053            8,173            5,340        326,747
                  Property trading                                    11,934           6,126            2,132               69         20,261
                  Hotels                                               4,271           2,168              283              119          6,841
                                                                     303,386          34,347           10,588            5,528        353,849
                At 31st December 2023
                   Property investment                                289,079          25,799            8,366            4,854       328,098
                   Property trading                                    10,869           6,057            2,167              127        19,220
                   Hotels                                               4,594           2,201              259              116         7,170
                                                                      304,542          34,057           10,792            5,097       354,488

                * The assets relating to joint venture and associated companies include the loans due from these companies.

           (c) Analysis of total liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group
                                                                  Current and                                                             Non-
                                                    Segment       deferred tax        External           Lease            Total     controlling
                                                    liabilities      liabilities   borrowings        liabilities      liabilities     interests
                                                       HK$M             HK$M            HK$M            HK$M             HK$M            HK$M
                At 30th June 2024
                  Property investment                  9,387           14,773         26,806               563          51,529          3,042
                  Property trading                     1,890              114         15,247                 –          17,251             (1)
                  Hotels                                 205                1            702                 6             914             39
                                                      11,482           14,888         42,755               569          69,694          3,080
                At 31st December 2023
                   Property investment                 8,196           14,370          25,396              599          48,561           3,025
                   Property trading                    1,670               89          14,422                –          16,181               1
                   Hotels                                237                1           1,351                8           1,597              41
                                                      10,103           14,460          41,169              607          66,339           3,067

           (d) Analysis of external revenue of the Group – Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                                                                        Rental
                                                                                    At a point                        income
                                                                                       in time      Over time        on leases           Total
                                                                                        HK$M           HK$M             HK$M            HK$M
                Six months ended 30th June 2024
                  Property investment                                                       –               62           6,665          6,727
                  Property trading                                                         88                –               –             88
                  Hotels                                                                  211              253               –            464
                                                                                          299              315           6,665          7,279
                Six months ended 30th June 2023
                   Property investment                                                      –               55            6,677          6,732
                   Property trading                                                        89                –                –             89
                   Hotels                                                                 221              255                –            476
                                                                                          310              310            6,677          7,297

           The Group is organised on a divisional basis: Property investment, Property trading and Hotels. The reportable
           segments within each of the three divisions are classified according to the nature of the business.

           There are no significant differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the
           basis of measurement of segment profit or loss.

60   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
2. Basis of Preparation
   (a) The unaudited condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
       Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
       Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
       of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

      The unaudited condensed interim financial statements are set out on pages 54 to 75 and also include the “Financial
      Information Reviewed by Auditors” in the Financing section on pages 47 to 52.

      The financial information relating to the year ended 31st December 2023 that is included in this document as
      comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for
      that year but is derived from those financial statements.

      The non-statutory accounts (within the meaning of section 436 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) (the
      “Ordinance”)) in this document are not specified financial statements (within such meaning). The specified financial
      statements for the year ended 31st December 2023 have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Hong
      Kong in accordance with section 664 of the Ordinance. The Company’s auditor has reported on those specified
      financial statements. That report was not qualified or otherwise modified, did not refer to any matter to which the
      auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report and did not contain a statement under
      section 406(2) or 407(2) or (3) of the Ordinance.

      The accounting policies and methods of computation and presentation used in the preparation of the condensed
      interim financial statements are consistent with those described in the 2023 annual financial statements except
      for those noted in 2(b) below.

   (b) The following revised standards and interpretation were required to be adopted by the Group effective from
       1st January 2024:

      Amendments to HKAS 1             Classification of Liabilities as Current and Non-current
      Amendments to HKAS 1             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
      Amendments to HKFRS 16           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
      HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)       Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower
      	  of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 Supplier Finance Arrangements

      None of the revised standards and interpretation had a significant effect on the Group’s consolidated financial
      statements or accounting policies.

   (c) In July 2024, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants published HKFRS 18 “Presentation and
       Disclosure in Financial Statements” which sets out the requirements for the presentation and disclosure of
       information in the financial statements to help ensure entities provide relevant information that faithfully
       represents the entity’s financial results and position. This new standard will apply for annual reporting periods
       beginning on or after 1st January 2027. Management is in the process of assessing its impact to the Group’s
       consolidated financial statements.

   (d) The preparation of the condensed interim financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of
      certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgements in the process of
      applying the Group’s accounting policies. Those areas involving a higher degree of judgements or complexity and
      areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the Group’s consolidated financial statements are
      detailed in the 2023 annual financial statements.

                                                                                                                             61
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     2. Basis of Preparation (continued)
           (e) In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) issued model rules
               for a new global minimum tax framework (“Pillar Two”) (i.e. BEPS 2.0), and various governments around the world
               have issued, or are in the process of issuing, legislation on this. The ultimate holding company of the Group is in
               the process of assessing the full impact of this in various regions that the Group has operations. The HKSAR
               Government and the respective governments of the Group’s major operating regions have not enacted the
               legislation on Pillar Two as of the date of approval of these 2024 condensed interim financial statements.


     3. Financial Risk Management
           In the normal course of business the Group is exposed to financial risks attributable to interest rates, currencies, credit
           and liquidity.

           The condensed interim financial statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
           required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s 2023 annual financial
           statements. There have been no changes in the Group’s financial risk management structure, policies and procedures
           since the year end.


     4. Revenue
           Revenue represents sales by the Company and its subsidiary companies to external customers which comprises:

                                                                                     Six months ended                  Year ended
                                                                                         30th June                  31st December
                                                                                       2024               2023                2023
                                                                                      HK$M               HK$M                HK$M
           Gross rental income from investment properties                             6,665              6,677              13,408
           Property trading                                                              88                 89                 166
           Hotels                                                                       464                476                 979
           Rendering of other services                                                   62                 55                 117
                                                                                      7,279              7,297              14,670



     5. Cost of Sales
                                                                                     Six months ended                  Year ended
                                                                                         30th June                  31st December
                                                                                       2024               2023                2023
                                                                                      HK$M               HK$M                HK$M
           Direct rental outgoings in respect of investment properties                1,501              1,483               3,266
           Property trading                                                              62                 63                 119
           Hotels                                                                       441                424                 899
                                                                                      2,004              1,970               4,284




62   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
6. Other Net Losses
                                                                                        Six months ended                       Year ended
                                                                                            30th June                       31st December
                                                                                          2024                  2023                   2023
                                                                                         HK$M                  HK$M                   HK$M
   Gains arising from the acquisition of interests in
     joint venture companies                                                                 –                   551                    551
   Losses on disposal of investment properties                                               –                     –                    (16)
   Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      (1)                    –                     (2)
   Losses on disposal of assets classified as held for sale                               (219)                    –                    (44)
   Change in fair value of assets classified as held for sale                               (2)                 (411)                  (442)
   Reversal of impairment loss on hotel held as part of
     a mixed-use development                                                                15                     –                      –
   Net foreign exchange losses                                                               –                  (232)                  (240)
   Government subsidies                                                                      1                     1                      8
   Others                                                                                  103                    26                     71
                                                                                          (103)                  (65)                  (114)



7. Expenses by Nature
   Expenses included in cost of sales, administrative and selling expenses, and other operating expenses are analysed
   as follows:

                                                                                        Six months ended                       Year ended
                                                                                            30th June                       31st December
                                                                                          2024                  2023                   2023
                                                                                         HK$M                  HK$M                   HK$M
   Impairment charged on trade receivables*                                                  6                     9                      40
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 12)                                 150                   130                     275
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets
     – leasehold land held for own use                                                       15                    14                     29
     – property                                                                              24                    22                     49
   Amortisation of
     – intangible assets (note 14)                                                          34                    32                      66
     – initial leasing costs in respect of investment properties                            26                    69                      96
   Staff costs                                                                           1,170                 1,041                   2,115
   Other lease expenses**                                                                   15                    16                      31

   * The amounts include impairment charges relating to expected credit losses on forgiveness of lease payments of operating lease
     receivables, i.e. rent concessions granted to tenants during the period, under HKFRS 9 of HK$4 million (30th June 2023: HK$13 million;
     year ended 31st December 2023: HK$36 million).
   ** These expenses include expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, net of rent concessions received (nil for
      the six months ended 30th June 2024, 30th June 2023 and year ended 31st December 2023). They are directly charged to the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss and are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities under HKFRS 16.



8. Net Finance Charges
   Refer to the table with the heading “Financial Information Reviewed by Auditors” on page 51 for details of the Group’s
   net finance charges.


                                                                                                                                                63
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     9. Taxation
                                                                                    Six months ended                  Year ended
                                                                                        30th June                  31st December
                                                                                      2024               2023                2023
                                                                                     HK$M               HK$M                HK$M
           Current taxation
              Hong Kong profits tax                                                    248                280                 494
              Outside Hong Kong                                                        422                330                 665
              Under/(Over)-provisions in prior years                                      4                  7                 (28)
                                                                                       674                617                1,131
           Deferred taxation (note 23)
              Change in fair value of investment properties                            397                  88                106
              Origination and reversal of temporary differences                        137                249                 380
                                                                                       534                337                 486
                                                                                     1,208                954                1,617


           Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the period.
           Tax outside Hong Kong is calculated at tax rates applicable in jurisdictions in which the Group is assessable for tax.

           The Group’s share of joint venture companies’ tax charges for the six months ended 30th June 2024 of HK$113 million
           (30th June 2023: HK$144 million; year ended 31st December 2023: HK$241 million) and share of associated
           companies’ tax credit for the six months ended 30th June 2024 of HK$1 million (30th June 2023: nil; year ended
           31st December 2023: tax credit of HK$149 million) are included in the share of results of joint venture and associated
           companies shown in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     10. Dividends
                                                                                    Six months ended                  Year ended
                                                                                        30th June                  31st December
                                                                                      2024               2023                2023
                                                                                     HK$M               HK$M                HK$M
           First interim dividend declared on 8th August 2024 of
              HK$0.34 per share (2023 first interim dividend paid on
              12th October 2023: HK$0.33)                                            1,989              1,931                1,931
           Second interim dividend paid on 2nd May 2024 of
             HK$0.72 per share                                                            –                  –               4,212
                                                                                     1,989              1,931                6,143


           The first interim dividend is not accounted for in the condensed interim financial statements because it had not been
           declared at the period end date.

           The Directors have declared a first interim dividend of HK$0.34 (2023: HK$0.33) per share for the year ending 31st
           December 2024. The first interim dividend, which totals HK$1,989 million (2023: HK$1,931 million), will be paid on
           Wednesday, 9th October 2024 to shareholders registered at the close of business on the record date, being Friday,
           6th September 2024. Shares of the Company will be traded ex-dividend as from Wednesday, 4th September 2024.



64   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
10. Dividends (continued)
    The register of members will be closed on Friday, 6th September 2024, during which day no transfer of shares will be
    effected. In order to qualify for entitlement to the first interim dividend, all transfer forms accompanied by the
    relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrars, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
    Services Limited, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, for registration not later than
    4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 5th September 2024.


11. Earnings Per Share (Basic and Diluted)
    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders for the period
    ended 30th June 2024 of HK$1,796 million (30th June 2023: HK$2,223 million; year ended 31st December 2023:
    HK$2,637 million) by the weighted average number of 5,850,000,000 ordinary shares in issue during the period
    (30th June 2023 and 31st December 2023: 5,850,000,000 ordinary shares).

    Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there was no dilutive potential share outstanding for
    the period ended 30th June 2024 (30th June 2023 and 31st December 2023: same).


12. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                           Property, plant
                                                                                                           and equipment
                                                                                                                   HK$M
    Cost:
    At 1st January 2024                                                                                             6,849
    Translation differences                                                                                           (82)
    Additions                                                                                                         106
    Disposals                                                                                                         (26)
    Net transfers to investment properties                                                                           (710)
    Net transfers from properties for sale                                                                             51
    At 30th June 2024                                                                                              6,188
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
    At 1st January 2024                                                                                             3,205
    Translation differences                                                                                           (38)
    Charge for the period (note 7)                                                                                    150
    Disposals                                                                                                         (25)
    Reversal of impairment losses                                                                                     (15)
    Transfer to investment properties                                                                                (470)
    At 30th June 2024                                                                                              2,807
    Net book value:
    At 30th June 2024                                                                                              3,381
    At 1st January 2024                                                                                             3,644


    Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
    that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.


                                                                                                                               65
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     13. Investment Properties
                                                                                                 Under
                                                                              Completed    Development       Total
                                                                                 HK$M            HK$M       HK$M
           At 1st January 2024                                                  256,786         24,485    281,271
           Translation differences                                               (1,299)           (82)    (1,381)
           Additions                                                               311            761       1,072
           Transfer between categories                                            4,283         (4,283)         –
           Net transfers (to)/from property, plant and equipment                    (43)          283         240
           Net transfers (to)/from right-of-use assets                            (141)              9       (132)
           Net fair value losses                                                  (422)          (420)       (842)
                                                                                259,475         20,753    280,228
           Add: Initial leasing costs                                              168               –        168
           At 30th June 2024                                                   259,643         20,753     280,396
           At 1st January 2024 (including initial leasing costs)                256,978         24,485    281,463



     14. Intangible Assets
                                                                              Computer
                                                                   Goodwill    Software         Others       Total
                                                                     HK$M        HK$M           HK$M        HK$M
           Cost:
           At 1st January 2024                                       1,341         393            205       1,939
           Translation differences                                     (35)          (1)             –        (36)
           Additions                                                     –          11               –         11
           At 30th June 2024                                         1,306         403            205       1,914
           Accumulated amortisation:
           At 1st January 2024                                           –         239            145         384
           Amortisation for the period (note 7)                          –          25               9         34
           At 30th June 2024                                             –         264            154        418
           Net book value:
           At 30th June 2024                                         1,306         139             51       1,496
           At 1st January 2024                                       1,341         154             60       1,555




66   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
15. Right-of-use Assets
   The Group (acting as lessee) leases land, offices, warehouses and equipment. Except for certain long-term leasehold
   land in Hong Kong, rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 to 50 years but may have extension and
   early termination options. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
   terms and conditions.

   The recognised right-of-use assets relate to the following types of assets:

                                                                                          30th June    31st December
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                             HK$M              HK$M
   Leasehold land held for own use                                                            2,618             2,502
   Property                                                                                     141               153
                                                                                              2,759             2,655


   Additions to right-of-use assets during the six months ended 30th June 2024 were HK$14 million (30th June 2023:
   HK$56 million; year ended 31st December 2023: HK$62 million).

   During the six months ended 30th June 2024, total cash outflow for leases was included in the consolidated
   statement of cash flows as (a) interest paid of HK$10 million (30th June 2023: HK$11 million; year ended 31st
   December 2023: HK$21 million) under “operating activities”, (b) payment for short-term and low-value assets leases
   of HK$15 million (30th June 2023: HK$16 million; year ended 31st December 2023: HK$31 million) recorded in cash
   generated from operations under “operating activities” and (c) principal elements of lease payments of HK$39
   million (30th June 2023: HK$38 million; year ended 31st December 2023: HK$82 million) under “financing activities”.


16. Interests in Joint Venture Companies
                                                                                          30th June    31st December
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                             HK$M              HK$M
   Share of net assets, unlisted                                                            19,860             19,276
   Loans due from joint venture companies less provisions
     – Interest-free                                                                        11,537             11,650
     – Interest-bearing                                                                       2,950             3,131
                                                                                            14,487             14,781


   In June 2024, the Group entered into an equity and debt transfer agreement with the China Life Insurance Company
   Limited (“China Life”) group and the Sino-Ocean Group Holding Limited (“Sino-Ocean”) group, pursuant to which the
   Group and the China Life group have conditionally agreed to acquire a 14.895% and a 49.895% equity interest in the
   project company of INDIGO Phase Two, respectively, from the Sino-Ocean group for a consideration of approximately
   RMB891 million and RMB2,984 million, respectively. Completion of the acquisitions is subject to the satisfaction of
   certain conditions precedent. The acquisitions were completed in early August. Following the completion of the
   acquisitions, the Group’s interest in INDIGO Phase Two has increased from 35% to 49.895% and the China Life group
   owns a 49.895% interest in INDIGO Phase Two.




                                                                                                                          67
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     17. Interests in Associated Companies
                                                                                                                    30th June     31st December
                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                                       HK$M               HK$M
           Share of net assets, unlisted                                                                               9,663                 9,913
           Goodwill                                                                                                        670                 670
                                                                                                                      10,333               10,583
           Loans due from associated companies less provisions
              – Interest-free                                                                                              215                 169
              – Interest-bearing                                                                                            40                     40
                                                                                                                           255                 209



     18. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Instruments
           (a) Financial instruments that are measured at fair value are included in the following fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                                          carrying
                                                                                                          Level 2          Level 3        amount
                                                                                                           HK$M             HK$M            HK$M
                Assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
                At 30th June 2024
                Derivatives used for hedging (note 19)                                                        99                 –                 99
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                   – Unlisted equity investments                                                                –             629              629
                                                                                                              99              629              728
                At 31st December 2023
                Derivatives used for hedging (note 19)                                                         57                –                 57
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                   – Unlisted equity investments                                                                –             623              623
                                                                                                               57             623              680
                Liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
                At 30th June 2024
                Derivatives used for hedging (note 19)                                                        10                 –                 10
                Put option in respect of a non-controlling interest (note 21)                                   –             645              645
                                                                                                              10              645              655
                At 31st December 2023
                Derivatives used for hedging (note 19)                                                         22                –                 22
                Put option in respect of a non-controlling interest (note 21)                                   –             613              613
                                                                                                               22             613              635

                Notes:
                The levels in the hierarchy represent the following:
                Level 2 – Financial instruments measured at fair value using inputs other than quoted prices but where those inputs are based on
                          observable market data.
                Level 3 – Financial instruments measured at fair value using inputs not based on observable market data.


                There were no transfers of financial instruments between the levels in the fair value hierarchy.

68   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
18. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Instruments (continued)
      The change in level 3 financial instruments for the period ended 30th June 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                        Financial assets at     Put option in respect
                                                                                         fair value through      of a non-controlling
                                                                                               profit or loss                 interest
                                                                                                      HK$M                      HK$M
      At 1st January 2024                                                                               623                      613
      Additions                                                                                           6                        –
      Distributions during the period                                                                     –                      (16)
      Change in fair value recognised as net finance charges*                                             –                       48
      At 30th June 2024                                                                                 629                      645
      * Including unrealised losses recognised on balances held at
        30th June 2024                                                                                     –                      48


      There has been no change in valuation techniques for Level 2 and Level 3 fair value hierarchy classifications.

      The fair value of derivatives used for hedging in Level 2 has been based on quotes from market makers or
      alternative market participants supported by observable inputs. The most significant observable inputs are
      market interest rates, exchange rates and yields.

      The fair value of unlisted investments classified within level 3 is predominately determined using quotes from
      market makers, which use assumptions that are based on market conditions existing at each period-end date. The
      significant unobservable inputs used are yields and market prices. Changing these unobservable inputs based on
      reasonable alternative assumptions would not significantly change the valuation of the investments.

      The fair value estimate of the put option over a non-controlling interest in the U.S.A. classified within Level 3 is
      determined using a discounted cash flow valuation technique and contains a number of unobservable inputs,
      including the expected fair value of the associated investment property at the expected time of exercise, the
      expected time of exercise itself and the discount rate used. The expected time of exercise is in 2024 and the
      discount rate used is 6.3% (31st December 2023: 6.3%).

      The investment property’s fair value at the expected time of exercise is itself subject to a number of unobservable
      inputs which are similar to the inputs for the Group’s other completed investment properties, including the
      expected fair market rent and the expected capitalisation rate. If the investment property’s expected fair value at
      the time of exercise is higher, the fair value of the put option would also be higher at 30th June 2024. If the
      expected time of exercise is later or if the discount rate is higher, the fair value of the put option would be lower.
      The opposite is true for an earlier time of exercise or a lower discount rate.

   (b) Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value:

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost are not materially
      different from their fair values at 30th June 2024 and 31st December 2023 except for the following financial
      liabilities, for which their carrying amounts and fair values are disclosed below:

                                                          30th June 2024                              31st December 2023
                                                Carrying amount            Fair value        Carrying amount               Fair value
                                                          HK$M                 HK$M                    HK$M                    HK$M
      Long-term loans and bonds                           42,755             42,198                      41,169               40,598

                                                                                                                                         69
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     19. Derivative Financial Instruments
           The Group uses derivative financial instruments solely for management of an underlying risk. The Group minimises its
           exposure to market risk since gains and losses on derivatives offset the losses and gains on the assets, liabilities or
           transactions being hedged. It is the Group’s policy not to enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes.

                                                                   30th June 2024                      31st December 2023
                                                                  Assets         Liabilities             Assets           Liabilities
                                                                  HK$M              HK$M                 HK$M                HK$M
           Interest rate and cross-currency
              swaps – cash flow hedges
              – due after one year                                    99                10                   57                  22



     20. Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                     30th June        31st December
                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                        HK$M                  HK$M
           Trade debtors                                                                                   375                  500
           Prepayments and accrued income                                                                  138                  116
           Amounts due from an intermediate holding company                                                   1                    1
           Other receivables                                                                             3,070                2,889
                                                                                                         3,584                3,506


           The analysis of the age of trade debtors at the period end (based on their invoice dates) is as follows:

                                                                                                     30th June        31st December
                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                        HK$M                  HK$M
           Up to 3 months                                                                                  332                  468
           Between 3 and 6 months                                                                           21                   14
           Over 6 months                                                                                    22                   18
                                                                                                           375                  500


           There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables, as the Group has a large number
           of customers.

           The Group does not grant any credit terms to its customers, except to corporate customers in the hotel division
           where commercial trade credit terms are given.




70   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
21. Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                  30th June   31st December
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                     HK$M             HK$M
    Trade creditors                                                                    859            1,046
    Rental deposits from tenants                                                     3,046            2,965
    Deposits received on sale of investment properties                                 268             269
    Put option in respect of a non-controlling interest                                645             613
    Other payables
      Accrued capital expenditure                                                    1,139            1,155
      Amounts due to an intermediate holding company                                   100             112
      Amounts due to an associated company                                              26              13
      Interest-bearing advances from an associated company                           1,612               –
      Advances from a non-controlling interest                                       1,314            1,236
      Others                                                                         2,396            2,622
                                                                                     6,587            5,138
                                                                                    11,405          10,031
    Amounts due after one year included under non-current liabilities                 (268)           (268)
                                                                                    11,137            9,763


    The analysis of the age of trade creditors at the period end is as follows:

                                                                                  30th June   31st December
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                     HK$M             HK$M
    Up to 3 months                                                                     859            1,046



22. Lease Liabilities
                                                                                  30th June   31st December
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                     HK$M             HK$M
    Maturity profile at the period end is as follows:
      Within 1 year                                                                     85              80
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                             80              84
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                            171             180
      Over 5 years                                                                     233             263
                                                                                       569             607
    Amounts due within one year included under current liabilities                     (85)            (80)
                                                                                       484             527




                                                                                                              71
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     23. Deferred Taxation
           The movement on the net deferred tax liabilities account is as follows:

                                                                                                                          HK$M
           At 1st January 2024                                                                                           13,994
           Translation differences                                                                                            (235)
           Charged to profit or loss (note 9)                                                                                 534
           Charged to other comprehensive income                                                                                10
           At 30th June 2024                                                                                            14,303
           Represented by:
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                                 (65)
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                      14,368
                                                                                                                        14,303



     24. Assets Classified as Held for Sale
           Assets classified as held for sale represent the Group’s 100% interest in investment properties comprising 7 car
           parking spaces at stages I to IX of the Taikoo Shing residential development in Hong Kong.


     25. Share Capital
                                                                                                         Company
                                                                                                 30th June       31st December
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                    HK$M                 HK$M
           Issued and fully paid with no par value:
           At 30th June 2024 and 31st December 2023
           5,850,000,000 ordinary shares                                                            10,449               10,449


           There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares
           during the period.




72   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
26. Reserves
                                                                                      Property       Cash flow
                                                          Revenue         Merger    revaluation         hedge    Translation
                                                           reserve        reserve       reserve        reserve      reserve           Total
                                                            HK$M           HK$M          HK$M           HK$M          HK$M           HK$M
   At 1st January 2024                                   276,689         (1,108)         2,042            (57)       (2,933)      274,633
   Profit for the period                                    1,796               –             –              –             –         1,796
   Other comprehensive income
     Revaluation of properties previously
      occupied by the Group
      – gains recognised during the period                       –              –             1              –             –                1
     Cash flow hedges
      – gains recognised during the period                       –              –             –            90              –               90
      – transferred to net finance charges                       –              –             –           (31)             –           (31)
      – deferred tax                                             –              –             –           (10)             –           (10)
     Share of other comprehensive income
      of joint venture and associated
      companies recognised during
     the period                                                  –              –             –              –         (652)          (652)
     Net translation differences recognised
      during the period                                          –              –             –              –         (989)          (989)
   Total comprehensive income for
     the period                                             1,796               –             1            49        (1,641)           205
   2023 second interim dividend (note 10)                  (4,212)              –             –              –             –       (4,212)
   At 30th June 2024                                    274,273          (1,108)        2,043              (8)      (4,574)      270,626

   Note:
   The Group’s revenue reserve at 30th June 2024 includes HK$1,989 million representing the declared first interim dividend for the year
   ending 31st December 2024 (31st December 2023: HK$4,212 million representing the second interim dividend for 2023) (note 10).



27. Non-controlling Interests
   The movement of non-controlling interests during the period is as follows:

                                                                                                                                    HK$M
   At 1st January 2024                                                                                                               3,067
     Share of profit less losses for the period                                                                                            94
     Share of net translation differences                                                                                              (37)
   Share of total comprehensive income for the period                                                                                      57
   Capital contribution from a non-controlling interest                                                                                    23
   Dividends declared and/or paid                                                                                                      (67)
   At 30th June 2024                                                                                                                3,080




                                                                                                                                                73
     Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements




     28. Capital Commitments
                                                                                                             30th June   31st December
                                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                                                HK$M             HK$M
           The Group’s outstanding capital commitments at the end of the period
             in respect of:
           Property, plant and equipment
              Contracted but not provided for                                                                      33              35
              Authorised by Directors but not contracted for                                                      266             245
           Investment properties
              Contracted but not provided for                                                                   5,443            5,795
              Authorised by Directors but not contracted for                                                   12,067          12,012
                                                                                                               17,809          18,087
           The Group’s share of capital commitments of joint venture companies
             at the end of the period (Note)
              Contracted but not provided for                                                                   1,930             850
              Authorised by Directors but not contracted for                                                    9,115            6,278
                                                                                                               11,045            7,128

           Note:
           Of which the Group is committed to funding HK$939 million (31st December 2023: HK$797 million).


           At 30th June 2024, the Group was committed to inject capital of HK$1,817 million (31st December 2023: HK$275
           million) into joint venture companies.


     29. Contingencies
           Guarantees outstanding at the end of the period in respect of bank loans and other liabilities of joint venture
           companies totalled HK$4,062 million (31st December 2023: HK$3,996 million). Bank guarantees given in lieu of utility
           deposits and others totalled HK$63 million at the end of the period (31st December 2023: HK$73 million).


     30. Related Party Transactions
           There is an agreement for services (“Services Agreement”), in respect of which John Swire & Sons (H.K.) Limited
           (“JS&SHK”), an intermediate holding company, provides services to various companies in the Group and under which
           costs are reimbursed and fees payable. In return for these services, JS&SHK receives annual fees calculated as 2.5% of
           the Group’s relevant consolidated profit before taxation and non-controlling interests after certain adjustments. The
           Services Agreement was renewed on 1st October 2022 for three years expiring on 31st December 2025. For the six
           months ended 30th June 2024, service fees payable amounted to HK$99 million (30th June 2023: HK$106 million).
           Expenses of HK$80 million (30th June 2023: HK$66 million) were reimbursed at cost; in addition, HK$59 million
           (30th June 2023: HK$49 million) in respect of shared administrative services was reimbursed.




74   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
30. Related Party Transactions (continued)
    Under a tenancy framework agreement (the “Tenancy Framework Agreement”) between JS&SHK, Swire Pacific
    Limited (“Swire Pacific”) and the Company dated 14th August 2014, members of the Group enter into tenancy
    agreements with members of the JS&SHK group and members of the Swire Pacific group from time to time on normal
    commercial terms based on prevailing market rentals. The Tenancy Framework Agreement was renewed on
    1st October 2021 for a term of three years expiring on 31st December 2024. In May 2024, the Group announced that
    the Tenancy Framework Agreement will be renewed on 1st October 2024 for a further term of three years from
    1st January 2025 to 31st December 2027. For the six months ended 30th June 2024, the aggregate rentals payable
    to the Group by members of the JS&SHK group and members of the Swire Pacific group under tenancies to which
    the Tenancy Framework Agreement applies amounted to HK$52 million (30th June 2023: HK$53 million) and
    HK$24 million (30th June 2023: HK$21 million) respectively.

    The above transactions under the Services Agreement and the Tenancy Framework Agreement are continuing
    connected transactions, in respect of which the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter
    14A of the Listing Rules.

    The following is a summary of significant transactions between the Group and related parties (including transactions
    under the Tenancy Framework Agreement), which were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business, in
    addition to those transactions disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements.

                                                                      For the six months ended 30th June
                                       Joint venture          Associated        Fellow subsidiary   Intermediate               Other related
                                        companies             companies            companies      holding company                 parties
                                     2024       2023       2024       2023       2024       2023        2024      2023        2024      2023
                             Note HK$M         HK$M       HK$M       HK$M       HK$M       HK$M        HK$M      HK$M        HK$M      HK$M
    Purchase of
      services                 (a)        –         –           –          –         19        17           –          –           –            –
    Rendering of
      services                 (a)      35         31           –          –          –          –          1          1           –            –
    Rental revenue             (b)        –         –           –          –         24        21          52        53           1             1
    Rental expenses            (b)        6         5           –          –          –          –          –          –           –            –
    Revenue from
      hotels                              7         7           –          –          1          2          1          1          2             2
    Interest income            (c)      73         54           2          –          –          –          –          –           –            –
    Interest charges           (c)        –         2           2          –          –          –          –          –           –            –

    Notes:
    (a) Purchase and rendering of services from and to related parties were conducted in the normal course of business at prices and on terms
        no less favourable to the Group than those charged by/to and contracted with other suppliers/customers of the Group.
    (b) The Group has, in the normal course of its business, entered into lease agreements with related parties to lease premises for varying
        periods up to six years. The leases were entered into on normal commercial terms.
    (c) Loans advanced to joint venture and associated companies at 30th June 2024 are disclosed in notes 16 and 17. Advances from
        associated companies are disclosed in note 21.




                                                                                                                                                    75
     Supplementary Information

     Corporate Governance
     The Company complied with all the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained
     in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules throughout the accounting period covered by the interim report.

     The Company has adopted codes of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors and by relevant employees (as
     defined in the CG Code) on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

     On specific enquiries made, all the Directors of the Company have confirmed that, in respect of the accounting period
     covered by the interim report, they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and the
     Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions.

     The interim results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company and by the external auditors.


     Share Capital
     There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares during the
     accounting period covered by the interim report.


     Directors’ Particulars
     Changes in the particulars of the Directors are set out as follows:

     1. Lily Cheng resigned as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the
        Company’s 2024 annual general meeting held on 7th May 2024 (the “2024 AGM”).
     2. Yan Yan was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of
        the Company’s 2024 AGM.
     3. Guy Bradley was elected Deputy Chairman of The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce with effect from
        10th May 2024.
     4. May Wu was appointed as an Independent Director, chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member of the
        Compensation Committee of MakeMyTrip Limited with effect from 15th May 2024 and ceased to be a member of the
        Audit Committee of Noah Holdings Limited with effect from 30th June 2024.
     5. Fanny Lung ceased to be a member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel of the Accounting and Financial Reporting
        Council with effect from 15th July 2024.




76   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Directors’ Interests
At 30th June 2024, the register maintained under Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”) showed
that Directors held the following interests in the shares of Swire Properties Limited and its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), John Swire & Sons Limited and Swire Pacific Limited:

                                                                    Capacity
                                                      Beneficial Interest                                              Percentage
                                                                                           Trust        Total No.        of Voting
Swire Properties Limited                            Personal            Family          Interest        of Shares      Shares (%)          Note
Merlin Swire                                                 –                –      1,148,812         1,148,812          0.01964            (1)


                                                                                                                       Percentage
                                                                                                                          of Issued
                                                                    Capacity                                         Share Capital
                                                      Beneficial Interest                                              (comprised
                                                                                           Trust        Total No.     in the class)
John Swire & Sons Limited                           Personal            Family          Interest        of Shares               (%)        Note
Ordinary Shares of £1
Adam Fenwick                                                 –                –      3,136,000         3,136,000               3.14          (2)
Merlin Swire                                      2,193,550           630,000       20,175,819       22,999,369              23.00           (1)
8% Cum. Preference Shares of £1
Adam Fenwick                                                 –                –      2,822,400         2,822,400               3.14          (2)
Merlin Swire                                      3,966,125                   –     16,917,930       20,884,055              23.20           (1)

                                                                                                                       Percentage
                                                                                                                          of Voting
                                                                    Capacity                                                 Shares
                                                      Beneficial Interest                                              (comprised
                                                                                           Trust        Total No.     in the class)
Swire Pacific Limited                               Personal            Family          Interest        of Shares              (%)         Note
‘A’ shares
Merlin Swire                                                 –                –        301,000           301,000            0.0363           (1)
‘B’ shares
Merlin Swire                                                 –                –      1,799,222         1,799,222            0.0622           (1)


Notes:
(1) Merlin Swire was a trustee and/or a potential beneficiary of trusts which held 1,148,812 shares in Swire Properties Limited, 8,852,483 ordinary
    shares and 6,705,528 preference shares in John Swire & Sons Limited and 301,000 ‘A’ shares and 1,799,222 ‘B’ shares in Swire Pacific Limited
    included under trust interest and did not have any beneficial interest in those shares.
(2) Adam Fenwick was a trustee of a trust which held 3,136,000 ordinary shares and 2,822,400 preference shares in John Swire & Sons Limited
    included under trust interest and did not have any beneficial interest in those shares.


Other than as stated above, no Director or Chief Executive of the Company had any interest or short position, whether
beneficial or non-beneficial, in the shares or underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO).




                                                                                                                                                      77
     Supplementary Information




     Substantial Shareholders’ and Other Interests
     The register of interests in shares and short positions maintained under Section 336 of the SFO shows that at 30th June
     2024 the Company had been notified of the following interests in the shares of the Company held by substantial
     shareholders and other persons:

                                                                                   Percentage of
     Long position                                  Number of Shares           Voting Shares (%)                    Type of Interest          Note
     Swire Pacific Limited                             4,796,765,835                          82.00                Beneficial owner             (1)
     John Swire & Sons Limited                         4,796,765,835                          82.00            Attributable interest            (2)


     Notes:
     (1) Swire Pacific Limited was interested in 4,796,765,835 shares of the Company as beneficial owner.
     (2) John Swire & Sons Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary John Swire & Sons (H.K.) Limited were deemed to be interested in a total of
         4,796,765,835 shares of the Company, in which Swire Pacific Limited was interested, by virtue of the John Swire & Sons Limited group being
         interested in 61.73% of the equity of Swire Pacific Limited and controlling 69.19% of the voting rights attached to shares in Swire Pacific
         Limited.




78   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
Glossary

Terms                                                           Ratios
References in this document to Hong Kong are to Hong                                             Profit attributable
Kong SAR (“HKSAR”).                                                                              to the Company’s
                                                                                                   shareholders
                                                                  Earnings per share   =
Attributable gross rental income Gross rental income                                        Weighted average number
less amount shared by non-controlling interests plus the                                     of shares in issue during
                                                                                                    the period
Group’s share of gross rental income of joint venture and
associated companies, and adjusted with related rental
concession recognised in the consolidated statement of                                            Equity before
                                                                 Equity attributable to      non-controlling interests
profit or loss.                                                    the Company’s        =
                                                                shareholders per share       Number of shares in issue
Equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                                             at the end of the period
Equity before non-controlling interests.
                                                                                                 Operating profit
Gross borrowings     Total of loans, bonds and overdrafts.          Interest cover     =
                                                                                               Net finance charges
Net debt Total borrowings and lease liabilities less
short-term deposits and bank balances.                                                           Operating profit
                                                                 Cash interest cover   =
                                                                                            Total of net finance charges
Underlying profit Reported profit adjusted principally                                        and capitalised interest
for the impact of (i) changes in the fair value of
investment properties, (ii) deferred tax on investment
                                                                                                     Net debt
properties and (iii) amortisation of right-of-use assets            Gearing ratio      =
                                                                                                    Total equity
reported under investment properties.

Recurring underlying profit Underlying profit adjusted
for significant credits and charges of a non-recurring
nature, including gains or losses on the sale of interests in
investment properties.




                                                                                                                           79
     Financial Calendar and Information for Investors

     Financial Calendar 2024
     Interim Report available to shareholders                                                                     3rd September
     Shares traded ex-dividend                                                                                    4th September
     Share register closed for 2024 first interim dividend entitlement                                            6th September
     Payment of 2024 first interim dividend                                                                          9th October
     Annual results announcement                                                                                     March 2025
     Annual General Meeting                                                                                            May 2025

     Registered Office                                                   Investor Relations
     Swire Properties Limited                                            E-mail:   ir@swireproperties.com
     33rd Floor, One Pacific Place
     88 Queensway                                                        Public Affairs
     Hong Kong                                                           E-mail:   pad@swireproperties.com
                                                                         Tel:      (852) 2844-3888
     Registrars                                                          Fax:      (852) 2918-9960
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited                   Website: www.swireproperties.com
     17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
     183 Queen’s Road East                                               Request for Feedback
     Hong Kong
                                                                         In order that we may improve our reporting, we would be
     Website: www.computershare.com                                      grateful to receive your comments on our public
                                                                         announcements and disclosures via e-mail to
     Stock Code                                                          ir@swireproperties.com.
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange                 01972

     Independent Auditors
     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants
     and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor




     Disclaimer
     This document may contain certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s beliefs, plans or expectations
     about the future or future events. These forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions, current
     estimates and projections, and are therefore subject to inherent risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond the
     Company’s control. The actual results or outcomes of events may differ materially and/or adversely due to a number of
     factors, including changes in the economies and industries in which the Group operates (in particular in Hong Kong and
     the Chinese Mainland), macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties, changes in the competitive environment, foreign
     exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices, and the Group’s ability to identify and manage risks to which it is
     subject. Nothing contained in these forward-looking statements is, or shall be, relied upon as any assurance or
     representation as to the future or as a representation or warranty otherwise. Neither the Company nor its directors,
     officers, employees, agents, affiliates, advisers or representatives assume any responsibility to update these forward-
     looking statements or to adapt them to future events or developments or to provide supplemental information in relation
     thereto or to correct any inaccuracies.

80   Swire Properties Limited Interim Report 2024
DESIGN: FORMAT LIMITED
www.format.com.hk
Printed in Hong Kong




© Swire Properties Limited
  太古地產有限公司
www.swireproperties.com
