Annual Report
and Accounts 2021
SEEKING NEW
OPPORTUNITIES
OUR PURPOSE                                            OUR FIGHT
We exist to protect, heal and nurture in the           We have a fight on our hands. A fight to make
relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world.   access to the highest quality hygiene, wellness
                                                       and nourishment a right, not a privilege.




OUR COMPASS
                                                                               Put consumers
                                                                               and people first



Our Compass guides our business. At its heart
is the goal of doing the right thing. Always.
We put consumers and people first, seek out             Build shared
                                                                                       Do the
                                                                                                             Seek out new
                                                                                    right thing.
new opportunities, strive for excellence and              success
                                                                                      Always.
                                                                                                             opportunities

join forces to win bigger and build a culture of
shared success. Our Compass is fundamental
to rejuvenating sustainable growth.
                                                                                     Strive for
                                                                                    excellence




OUR LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOURS
In order to deliver on our ambitions around            OWN                                   DELIVER

Purpose and our business strategy, our culture
                                                        • Live our Purpose, Fight             • Focus on what matters
enables our people to have the Freedom to
                                                          and Compass                         • Move boldly and at pace
Succeed and operate at their best. Our culture          • Know our business cold              • Join forces to win bigger
is embedded in our Leadership Behaviours.               • Make decisions
These behaviours set out our expectations for
how every one of us at Reckitt behaves. They
                                                       CREATE                                CARE
are deeply embedded inside our company and
are the basis for how we evaluate our leaders           • Spot opportunities                  • Actively listen, learn
going forward in line with our desired culture.         • Innovate, iterate and scale           and include

Reckitt leaders Own, Create, Deliver and Care.          • Relentlessly build better           • Speak direct with respect
                                                                                              • Act to unleash potential




    To read more about our business
    visit www.reckitt.com
CONTENTS                                                     p.16
                                                              SUSTAINABILITY AMBITIONS
Strategic Report                                              For a cleaner, healthier world
02    At a Glance
04    Chair’s Statement
07    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
10    Market Context
14    Our Business Model
16    Sustainability Ambitions
18    Key Performance Indicators
20    Focus on: COP26
22    Our Strategy
24    Progress Against Our Strategy: Hygiene




                                                             p.38
26    Progress Against Our Strategy: Health
28    Progress Against Our Strategy: Nutrition
30    Progress Against Our Strategy: Strategic Imperatives
34    Focus on: Innovation
38    Focus on: Digital
42    Focus on: Supply Chain
46    Focus on: Culture & Inclusion                           FOCUS ON: DIGITAL
50    Stakeholder Engagement                                  Strategic transformation in the
66    TCFD Summary                                            digital arena
68    S172 Statement
72    Non-Financial Information Statement
74    Group Financial Review
88    Risk Management
103 Viability Statement

Governance
104 Corporate Governance Report
108 Our Board of Directors




                                                             p.42
114   Group Executive Committee
128 Nomination Committee Report
133 Audit Committee Report
141   CRSEC Committee Report
148 Directors’ Remuneration Report
188 Report of the Directors
192 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
                                                              FOCUS ON: SUPPLY CHAIN
Financial Statements
                                                              Managing global supply chains
193 Independent Auditor’s Report
205 Financial Statements
268 Shareholder Information




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                         01
     At a Glance




     AT A GLANCE
     OUR INVESTMENT STORY                                                GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS
     Through our core business strengths and the                         HYGIENE
     actions we are taking to further drive performance,                 Hygiene is the foundation of health and our purpose-led portfolio
                                                                         works to eliminate dirt, germs, pests and odours with market-
     we see an attractive investment story.



     1
                                                                         leading products such as Lysol, Finish, Air Wick, Harpic and Mortein.

          GLOBAL PORTFOLIO OF LEADING BRANDS, SOLVING FOUR                     For further information on our Hygiene business
          OF THE WORLD’S LARGEST PROBLEMS                                      see page 24
          •   Large and attractive total addressable market associated
              with solving four of the world’s largest problems
          •   Powerful, purpose-led brands that make a meaningful        HEALTH
              difference to consumers’ lives and help drive the          Our Health portfolio brings compelling, innovative solutions that
              growth of our customers                                    provide pain relief, protection, hygiene and personal care to
          •   Two-thirds of Group net revenue generated from             households across the world, through brands like Dettol, Durex,




     2
              brands with top three market positions globally            Gaviscon, Nurofen, Mucinex, Strepsils and Veet.

          SUPERIOR EARNINGS MODEL WITH CAPITAL DISCIPLINE                      For further information on our Health business
          •   Superior gross margins and productivity, coupled with            see page 26
              strong execution, funding investment in brand equity
              and innovation
          •   Committed to maintaining single-A credit rating, with      NUTRITION
              strong working capital and cash generation after           The Nutrition business includes our leading infant and child
              reinvestment in the business                               nutrition, our adult nutrition and our range of vitamins, minerals and




     3
          •   Surplus cash used for M&A or returned to shareholders      supplements (VMS). Brands include Enfa, Nutramigen, Airborne,
                                                                         Move Free and Neuriva. The strength of this business is its focus
          EXECUTING AGAINST OUR PLAN TO DRIVE                            on science-led innovations which underpin products catering to
          SUSTAINABLE GROWTH                                             consumers from infants through to the elderly. In Q1 2022, VMS
          •   Investment across six strategic imperatives                moved into our Health GBU.
          •   Targeting sustainable mid-single-digit net revenue




     4
              growth and mid-20’s adjusted operating profit margins            For further information on our Nutrition business
                                                                               see page 28
          STRONG ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
          GOVERNANCE CREDENTIALS
          •   Sustainability embedded within the business;
              £1bn investment over ten years
          •   Rated ‘AA’ by MSCI and in top 15% in the household




     5
              products industry group and DJSI gold status for 2021

          EXPERIENCED AND COMMITTED MANAGEMENT TEAM,
          DRIVING A CULTURE OF OWNERSHIP
          •   FMCG and consumer health experience, coupled with
              functional expertise, from within the Group and through
              external hires
          •   Strong culture of ownership: around 50% of employees
              are shareholders
          •   Leadership Behaviours of Own, Deliver, Create and Care
              embedded within the organisation
          •   Proposed management remuneration based upon LFL net
              revenue growth, Relative TSR, ROCE and ESG measures



02
Strategic Report                                            Governance                                              Financial Statements




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Strong financial performance building on growth from 2020, with 17.4% two-year stacked
like-for-like1 (LFL) revenue growth.




3.5%
LFL net revenue growth1
                                             22.9% 288.5p 174.6p
                                             adjusted operating margin
                                             excl. IFCN China1
                                                                                    adjusted total EPS
                                                                                    (diluted)1
                                                                                                                                    full-year dividend
                                                                                                                                    2020: 174.6p
                                             2020: 24.5%                            2020: 327.0p




-5.4%
IFRS net revenue growth
2021: £13,234m (2020: £13,993m)
                                             -6.1%
                                             IFRS operating margin
                                             2020: 15.4%
                                                                                    -4.5p
                                                                                    IFRS total EPS
                                                                                    (diluted)
                                                                                    2020: 166.3p




STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS
Continued strategic progress throughout 2021, with investment in strategic imperatives,
leading to improved performance.




62%
Category Market Units (CMUs)
holding or gaining market share 1
                                             c.50% 20ppts
                                             Increase in innovation
                                             pipeline value 2
                                                                                    2021 improvement in % of markets where
                                                                                    Reckitt is rated top-tier by retailers 3




SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Good progress against our sustainability ambitions, which were launched in March 2021.




29.3% 24.9% 66%
revenue from more sustainable
products excluding IFCN 1,4
                                             revenue from more
                                             sustainable products1,4
                                                                                    absolute reduction in carbon
                                                                                    emissions from operations
                                                                                                                                    £38.2m
                                                                                                                                    invested in Fight for Access Fund
                                                                                                                                    in 2021
                                                                                    since 2015




1.   Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, definitions and terms are defined on     3.   Based on Advantage Group 2021 survey of retailers. 20ppts increase in markets
     page 81                                                                             rated top-tier, from 26% in 2020 to 46% in 2021
2.   Pipeline value represents the increased revenue opportunity in 2022 compared   4.   Calculated for 12 months ending 30 September 2021
     to 2021




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                  03
     Chair’s Statement




     BUILDING
     ON FIRM
     FOUNDATIONS
     Chris Sinclair
     Chair



                         Reckitt’s performance during 2021 gives
                         grounds for confidence about our future
                         performance. Our business transformation
                         programme is on track. We are advancing
                         our strategic priorities and building
                         a sustainable, purpose-led culture. With
                         the foundations for sustainable growth
                         now in place, the company stands at an
                         inflection point.
                         I’m proud of the progress we made during what was a turbulent
                         year for the global economy. Reckitt’s resilience and flexibility
                         were much in evidence. We successfully navigated both
                         challenges and opportunities arising from pandemic-related
                         disruptions and supply chain bottlenecks. And we not only
                         delivered globally in broad performance terms but also continued
                         to build foundations for sustainable growth and future
                         outperformance.

                         We’re competing and innovating more effectively. Our category-
                         led, demand-centric approach is broadening the scope for our
                         brands. Our Purpose – to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless
                         pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world – is warmly endorsed by
                         the workforce.

                         With the foundations for strategic transformation firmly in place,
                         we are well positioned to focus on opportunities for future growth.




04
Strategic Report                                           Governance             Financial Statements




                                                                                                  3.5%
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
Full-year net revenue was £13,234 million, with growth of 3.5% on
a like-for-like basis. This was underpinned by strong performance
in Hygiene and a recovery in Health as we exited the year. The
reshaped Nutrition GBU also made good progress, with solid
revenue growth from the ongoing business.

Adjusted operating profit was £2,877 million, at an adjusted                                             LFL revenue growth
operating margin of 22.9% (excluding IFCN China), down 160bps
on 2020. This is in line with our guidance provided at the half-year
results, and reflects planned investment across many areas.




                                                                                           174.6p
Our medium-term financial performance has been encouraging,
with 17.4% like-for-like, stacked growth1 over the past two years.
And the business has done well to deliver continuing growth in
this second year of its strategic transformation against last year’s
pandemic-influenced revenue figures.

Sharper execution, expanded capacity, better customer service and
continually improving digital capabilities have all helped to deliver
                                                                                        full-year recommended dividend
strong underlying performance across our portfolio of brands.

The business transformation is now well underway. We are realising




                                                                                             £1.1bn
significant cost savings through increased productivity, with
£1.1 billion achieved to date. We have also sharpened the portfolio
with the strategic disposal of Scholl, IFCN China and E45 alongside
the addition of Biofreeze, a leading US pain relief brand, which
presents exciting new growth opportunities for our Health portfolio.

We remain focused on delivering our strategy in each of our three
business units. Our Hygiene and Health brands have continued
                                                                                             productivity savings to date
to deliver strong penetration-led gains with market share gains
in many categories. Strong execution and innovation delivered
consistently good growth in our continuing Nutrition business,
most notably in our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements portfolio,
and in the US IFCN business which now accounts for half of the
GBU’s revenue.

Governance and risk management have also been important areas
of focus for the Board over the last few years. We have continued
to broaden and deepen our approach to managing safety and
compliance risk. We’re embedding our sustainability agenda, with
a new strategy and 2030 ambitions launched in March. In line with
this, we are increasing investments and initiatives that enhance the
safety and sustainability of our products, as well as their efficacy.

Consistent with the expectations we set out last year, the
Directors have proposed a final dividend of 101.6 pence per share,
which, when added to the interim dividend of 73 pence, gives a
full-year dividend of 174.6 pence per share. Subject to shareholder
approval at the Annual General Meeting (AGM), this will be paid
on 9 June 2022 to shareholders who were on the register on
29 April 2022.




1.   Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, definitions and terms are defined on
     page 81




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                       05
     Chair’s Statement (Continued)



     IMPLEMENTING OUR STRATEGY                                                 We are investing significant energy and resources in our
                                                                               sustainability agenda. Sustainability is an integral part of our
     Despite turbulent markets, we made rapid progress during 2021 in
                                                                               long-term growth strategy and intrinsic to our identity as a
     implementing our strategy. We were able to advance our strategic
                                                                               responsible business that aims to make a positive difference in
     priorities and pursue business transformation while still delivering on
                                                                               the world. The focus on sustainability resonates with stakeholders
     performance. The cultural agenda has also been progressing well.
                                                                               and is warmly embraced by our workforce.
     We’ve invested in transformational capabilities and in organising
     ourselves to become more focused and, as noted, continued to
     expand our investments and capabilities across the whole area
                                                                               CHANGES TO THE BOARD
                                                                               The Group benefits hugely from the talented individuals on its
     of good governance, sustainability and in managing the business
                                                                               Board. They are committed to Reckitt and passionate about its
     responsibly. Our participation at COP26 as official hygiene partner
                                                                               future. During the year we were pleased to welcome Alan Stewart
     underlined our commitment to meaningful action and highlighted
                                                                               as a Non-Executive Director. As a former CFO at Tesco, Alan has
     the interconnectivity between hygiene, human health and
                                                                               a wealth of retail and commercial experience. His expert insights
     planetary health.
                                                                               will inform our approach as we continue to strengthen our retail
     Our performance-oriented culture puts purpose at the heart of our         partnerships. Alan will also chair the Remuneration Committee,
     business. Our rebranding as Reckitt in March crystallised that. Our       replacing Mary Harris in that role. I’d like to thank Mary for her
     new corporate identity is helping us explain what we do and why           sterling efforts over the last few years in guiding our remuneration
     we do it with more impact and immediacy. It’s been well received,         policy changes that integrate sustainability objectives into
     both externally and within the Group.                                     performance by incorporating environmental, social and
                                                                               governance (ESG) metrics. Mary remains on the Remuneration
     On our business agenda, managing the supply chain was a
                                                                               Committee but is now more able to focus on advancing our
     particular priority. In the middle of a pandemic, with brands that
                                                                               cultural agenda in her role as Designated Non-Executive Director
     play a strategic role in combating infection, maintaining adequate
                                                                               for engagement with the company’s workforce.
     supply was clearly critical. We were able to scale up product
     supply dramatically when needed and achieved significant                  Sara Mathew has decided to step down from the Board at this
     performance improvements with our major customers, getting                year’s AGM. Sara’s insights and knowledge greatly enriched the
     them product on time and at the right levels.                             Board’s deliberations. She leaves with our sincere thanks and very
                                                                               best wishes.
     We’ve drawn on that experience to further strengthen our global
     supply chain to better manage significant supply disruptions and
     combat cost inflation. These efforts have helped to make the              CONCLUSION
     organisation more integrated and resilient. At the same time,             Healthy organisations respond to stress by adapting quickly.
     we’re making sure we’re getting the productivity gains from our           We’ve learned a lot in the past year about managing costs and our
     transformation initiatives, which help to support margins as we           supply chain, and, importantly, about how the organisation can stay
     deal with cost inflation.                                                 nimble and do the right thing. Reckitt proved its mettle in 2021,
                                                                               demonstrating its capacity to respond flexibly in a fast-changing
     We’ve also been improving other capabilities in the organisation          competitive landscape. This speaks to a resilient, relevant
     – including digital and e-commerce, marketing and selling                 organisation that is addressing key global challenges through
     excellence, enhanced customer service management and R&D.                 the power of its brands.
     And we’re building stronger customer and partner relationships
     founded on our shared interest in delivering high-impact solutions        We have arrived at an inflection point. We are transitioning
     that meet societal challenges.                                            out of foundation building and the focus now is on improving
                                                                               performance and delivering growth by driving the business into
     Importantly, we’ve also strengthened our brands by aligning them          new areas and adjacencies. We need to build on the progress
     with our Purpose and by focusing on category-led markets and              we’ve already made in managing the business responsibly and
     sustainable innovation. Through this, we are uncovering new               sustainably, but our strategy sets the right objectives. We aim to
     spaces in which our brands can operate. Our trusted brands                address the needs of all stakeholders and, by doing that, deliver
     continued to advance strongly in 2021, growing market share               strong returns for shareholders. Our task now is to ensure we
     and increasing penetration.                                               continue to compete and innovate.


     TALENT AND CULTURE                                                        Reckitt today is a dynamic, integrated business with a rich heritage,
                                                                               big ambitions and a clear sense of direction. We will maintain our
     Laxman’s talented top team has integrated well and is making
                                                                               focus on optimising our operations to do the right thing, always,
     rapid inroads towards achieving our strategic objectives.
                                                                               and put consumers and people first. I’m confident that, by doing
     Further, the leadership team is progressively embedding and
                                                                               that, we will deliver strong, sustainable performance.
     operationalising our cultural agenda across the business and there
     is a clear sense of direction and motivation across the company
     to deliver on that. Our workforce has shown itself to be adaptable
     and highly effective in very taxing conditions. Their resilience and
     commitment have brought tangible improvements to execution
     across the Group. We are extraordinarily fortunate to have such
     a capable and dedicated team of colleagues.




06
Strategic Report               Governance                             Financial Statements


Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




STRONG GROWTH
WITH A STRENGTHENED
PORTFOLIO
Laxman Narasimhan
Chief Executive Officer
                                            Our journey to rejuvenate sustainable
                                            growth is well on track.

                                            OVERVIEW
                                            In February 2020, we set out our strategy for rejuvenating
                                            sustainable growth and outlined our medium-term financial
                                            targets. Our objective is to rebuild like-for-like revenue growth
                                            to the mid-single-digit range, and to deliver adjusted operating
                                            margins in the mid-20s by the mid-2020s.

                                            This strategy recognises that Reckitt plays a significant role in
                                            solving four of the word’s largest problems: How can hygiene
                                            be the foundation for health? How do we enable consumers
                                            to self-care at a time when health systems are under massive
                                            pressure? How do we support intimate wellness and eradicate
                                            the menace of sexually transmitted diseases? How do we
                                            provide enhanced nutrition for infants and for the increasing
                                            number of seniors in society?

                                            And as part of this, we capitalise on two major shifts: digital
                                            and sustainability. Namely, how can digital enable us to win at
                                            a time when technology is transforming consumer behaviour
                                            and business more broadly? And how do we turn sustainability
                                            into an advantage to realise new opportunities, while making
                                            the world better?

                                            Guiding us is our Purpose. We exist to protect, heal and nurture
                                            in the relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world. Our Fight
                                            is to make access to the highest quality hygiene, wellness and
                                            nourishment a right not a privilege. That means the highest quality
                                            products, availability and information that drives behaviour change.
                                            Our Compass guides us to do the right thing: put consumers and
                                            people first, seek out new opportunities, strive for excellence
                                            and build shared success. Our behaviours shape us and our culture:
                                            we Own, we Create, we Deliver and we Care.




                                                                                                                    07
     Chief Executive Officer’s Statement (Continued)




                                                                                    17.4%
     STRONG TOP-LINE MOMENTUM THROUGHOUT 2021
     Against this backdrop, we are seeking out new opportunities,
     leveraging our Purpose, Compass, Fight and Leadership
     Behaviours. And in 2021, we made good progress against
     our ambitions. Group net revenue of £13.2 billion grew by 3.5% on
     a LFL basis in 2021, resulting in a two-year stacked LFL net revenue
     growth of 17.4%.
                                                                                      LFL net revenue growth1
     Our in-market competitiveness remains strong. 62% of our core                         (two-year stacked)
     Category Market Units (CMUs), excluding IFCN China, held or
     gained share.

     During the year, COVID-19 continued to impact net revenue.




                                                                                    c.50%
     Around 70% of our portfolio, representing brands less sensitive
     to COVID-19 dynamics, grew mid-single digits on a LFL basis.
     The remaining 30% of our portfolio, which includes Lysol, Dettol
     and our cold and flu brands (Mucinex, Strepsils and Lemsip), was
     more volatile, reflecting fluctuations in COVID-19-related demand.

     E-commerce net revenue1 , excluding IFCN China, grew by 17% in
     2021 and now accounts for 12% of Group net revenue. The two-year               employee share ownership
     stacked growth is over 85%.


     EXECUTING WITH EXCELLENCE



                                                                                                 AA
     We are a performance-driven company, and the significant step-up
     in investment in foundational capabilities over the past two years
     has further improved our execution and competitiveness.

     In 2021, we were named Walmart’s Supplier of the Year for
     consumables, reflecting the improvements in sales excellence
     capabilities. Based on the independent Advantage Group 2021
     survey of retailers, 46% of our markets, weighted by revenue,                  upgraded MSCI ESG rating
     are now considered ‘top-tier’ for customer service – an increase
     of 20 percentage points compared to 2020.

     Our innovation pipeline is stronger, up 50% in 2022 compared to
     2021, and it is also more innovative, with patent filings up 30%.
     At the same time, and in the face of significant input cost
     pressures, our supply chain continued to improve, and our
     commitment to quality in supply was a contributing factor in
     Reckitt’s readmission to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.

     Underpinning the investment associated with these improvements,
     our productivity programme continues to deliver, with cumulative
     savings since the beginning of 2020 of £1.1 billion.




     1.   Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, definitions and terms are defined
          on page 81




08
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                    Financial Statements




WE ARE EVOLVING OUR ALREADY STRONG CULTURE                               Around the event itself, we worked with stakeholders globally,
                                                                         demonstrating the important connection between climate change
Alongside the investment in these foundational capabilities is
                                                                         and people’s health, and the way we can help influence consumers
the work to evolve our culture, building on the success of our past.
                                                                         to adopt behaviours that help tackle climate change. We engaged
In particular, setting out the Leadership Behaviours that we each
                                                                         with governments around the world: in Milan, we profiled our Finish
sign up to: Own, Create, Deliver and Care.
                                                                         purpose commitment at a round-table event focusing on scarce
Reckitt has always had a strong culture. We are a company of             water resources; in the US, we hosted a COP26 round-table with
owners; around 50% of employees own shares in the company                the Biden administration’s Deputy Special Envoy for Climate; and
and we see this as a differentiator.                                     in Mexico City, the UK Embassy showcased Reckitt as a trusted
                                                                         partner for health, hygiene and climate ambitions.
We Create. That’s always been a strength, but we’ve refocused
in certain areas, fuelled by our investments in capabilities. Our
science platforms combined with our push to broaden our thinking         CREATING VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS
about consumer-demand spaces have resulted in a larger pipeline.         My Group Executive Committee and I are committed to maximising
                                                                         value for our shareholders. Our interests are fundamentally aligned.
We Deliver in a way only Reckitt can and evidenced by the agility
                                                                         Reckitt has natural advantages, with the strength of our brands,
and the tireless effort made by our teams in the last two years,
                                                                         which play in attractive categories underpinned by favourable
during the pandemic.
                                                                         trends. And the improvements we have made to our foundational
And in addition to these three behaviours we have added a fourth:        capabilities and to our culture, we believe, will see the business
Care. Care for our consumers, customers, communities and the             return to sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth with
environment. We will always be a highly commercial, performance-         mid-20s margins.
driven company: it’s in our DNA. But we are striving to do better
                                                                         In addition, we will continue to be active managers of the portfolio.
than that, broadening the basis on which we are judged.
                                                                         During the year, we sold our footcare brand, Scholl, to Yellow Wood
                                                                         Partners, and sold our IFCN business in China to Primavera Capital
RELENTLESS PURSUIT FOR A CLEANER, HEALTHIER WORLD                        Group. These two transactions have reduced our exposure to
A key part of Care is our care for the environment and                   low-growth or declining categories. The sale of IFCN China is
our communities.                                                         a good example of Reckitt’s well-known agility, as our central
                                                                         functions of Digital, Finance, R&D, HR, Legal and Supply, came
In this regard, we continue to make strong progress against our
                                                                         together, along with our China team, to separate the business
sustainability targets which were set out in April 2021. Our MSCI
                                                                         and close the deal in just 96 days from the announcement of
Sustainability score is now AA – having been upgraded from A
                                                                         the transaction.
in April – and our Sustainalytics score is 22.9, ranking us in the top
15% amongst our peers. We are committed to operating according           We also announced an important strategic move into the world’s
to the Paris Agreement, and we are therefore pleased that the            largest pain management market of the US, with the acquisition
modelling by MSCI demonstrates our climate plans translate               of Biofreeze – a leading and fast-growing analgesic brand. Here,
into a temperature increase of 1.38 degrees – better than many           we see exciting potential for geographic expansion and innovation,
in our industry.                                                         building on the brand’s existing strong track record for growth.

At the same time, we are better connected with our communities           Towards the end of the year, we announced the disposal of E45.
through our Fight for Access Fund, to which we contributed               As with Scholl, we saw less fit with our broader portfolio and
£38 million in 2021.                                                     the disposal allows us to focus resources elsewhere.

An example of how we are aligning commercial interests with              Finally, with significant hires into the Executive team over the
doing business in the right way is our work at the COP26 summit          past two years, I am delighted with how well the team has
in Glasgow in November 2021 – which was billed as the last best          been functioning, particularly given the unusual and challenging
chance to implement the goals of the Paris Agreement and the             environment. I deeply appreciate the leadership that they have
UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.                               shown and the positive changes they and their teams have
                                                                         brought about.
As the event’s official hygiene partner, and led by our Global
Business Solutions and R&D teams, we saw our Dettol brand
entrusted with keeping more than 30,000 delegates from over 190          LOOKING FORWARD
countries safe from COVID-19. This was a key opportunity for us to       We have a unique portfolio of trusted, market-leading brands in
demonstrate our Purpose in action. We showed how we’re helping           structurally attractive categories with significant headroom for
build awareness of the connection between planetary health and           growth. This, combined with our progress to date, gives me the
public health, how our brands can encourage pro-environmental            confidence in both our-near term and medium-term prospects.
behaviours and how Hull – where Reckitt has its roots – is working
to become the UK’s first net-zero city.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          09
     Market Context




     ADDRESSING FOUR OF THE
     WORLD’S LARGEST PROBLEMS
     1                                                                               2
          HOW CAN HYGIENE BE THE FOUNDATION FOR HEALTH?                                      HOW DO WE ENABLE CONSUMERS TO SELF-CARE AT A TIME
          Growing consumer awareness of the importance                                       WHEN HEALTH SYSTEMS ARE UNDER MASSIVE PRESSURE?
          of hygiene and its connection to health                                           Government healthcare cost pressures and
                                                                                     increased autonomy are elevating the importance
                                                                                     of self-care solutions




                                                                                     Across the world, ageing populations and stretched public
                                                                                     finances are putting pressure on health systems. Meanwhile,
     The transmission of infection will remain a pressing global concern.            individuals are becoming better informed and are more actively
     With more crowded cities, greater movement of people and fewer                  involved in looking after themselves. Citizens are also increasingly
     opportunities for physical separation, good hygiene practice is                 conscious that managing their own health also has a social
     increasingly important. In addition, too many people globally lack              dimension in the public health arena.
     clean water and sanitation.                                                     Self-care is putting people at the heart of decision-making
     At the same time, rising levels of income globally are allowing                 about what matters most to them: products and solutions.
     more and more consumers to use products pre-emptively                           Self-care solutions are supported by consumer-centred
     to help protect their health and their homes.                                   technology on apps and elsewhere, offering increasingly
                                                                                     sophisticated personalised recommendations.



          Our response: Reckitt’s premium, category-leading products                      Our response: By saving a trip to the doctor, we are
          support hygiene both inside and outside of the home, cleaning                   helping to reduce demand on strained public healthcare.
          and sanitising and providing a frontline defence against the                    Our over-the-counter healthcare brands provide people with
          spread of transmissible diseases and viruses.                                   the tools they need to treat everyday symptoms themselves,
                                                                                          without recourse to healthcare professionals. We partner with
          With our disinfectant brands of Lysol and Dettol, we are helping                clinical professionals and share science-backed information
          to break the chain of infection on surfaces of kitchens and                     with consumers to prevent and treat infection. Moving from
          bathrooms, from hands, and other ‘at-risk’ spaces.                              a product to a consumer focus, we are developing science
                                                                                          solutions that address specific consumer needs and providing
          Harpic is ensuring the sanitisation of bathrooms, whilst Air Wick
                                                                                          consumer benefits across protect, heal and nurture. Our
          and Finish support overall cleanliness and hygiene within the
                                                                                          science platforms (see page 36) are enabling us to do this,
          home. Through the Reckitt Global Hygiene Institute and our
                                                                                          as we share insights gleaned from our gastro-intestinal work
          Fight for Access Fund, we are also contributing to the building
                                                                                          on our VMS brand, Digestive Advantage, for example, with
          of awareness and scientific understanding of hygiene issues,
                                                                                          our heartburn and indigestion relief brand, Gaviscon. These
          as well as to the availability of products.
                                                                                          dynamics, combined with digital trends, continue to provide
          Finally, our Pest brands such as Mortein and SBP are protecting                 opportunities in areas like personalised nutrition, wellness
          families and their homes from unwanted pests and insects.                       and digital health.




                                                                                                                        73%
          CAPITALISING ON THE BROAD AND                    Sustainability is not only about doing the right
                                                           thing, it is increasingly a commercial imperative.
          RISING IMPACT OF DIGITAL AND                     Consumers want to buy products that are not
          SUSTAINABILITY                                   only safe and effective, but have also been
          As we seek solutions to these                    developed in a responsible manner, recognising
          problems, we know that                           the impact its production and usage can have                 of people want to reduce their impact
                                                                                                                        on the environment and nature
          consumer tastes, values                          on the environment or wider society.
                                                                                                                        (Source: Globescan; Healthy &
          and behaviour are evolving.                                                                                   Sustainable Living, 2021)




10
Strategic Report                                        Governance                                                        Financial Statements




Reckitt operates in attractive, growing market segments. We fight to address
four of the world’s largest problems. And as we do this, we are capitalising on
the broad and rising impact of digital and sustainability.




3                                                                                        4
       HOW DO WE SUPPORT INTIMATE WELLNESS                                                          HOW DO WE PROVIDE ENHANCED NUTRITION FOR
       AND ERADICATE THE MENACE OF SEXUALLY                                                         INFANTS AND FOR THE INCREASING NUMBER OF
       TRANSMITTED DISEASES?                                                                        SENIORS IN SOCIETY?
Maintaining sexual health and protecting young people                                    Growing demand for specialised infant and adult
in a challenging era                                                                     nutrition products




In many areas of the world, awareness and understanding of
sexual health and wellbeing is poor. The subject is often taboo                          Infants deserve the best possible start to life, and a key part of that
and seen as political rather than an essential life-or-death issue.                      is the nutrition they receive. This is particularly the case for those
The exceptional measures governments and health authorities                              suffering from allergies, or other conditions for which more
imposed during the pandemic contributed to a global setback                              specialised nutrition is needed. With birth rates relatively stable,
in reproductive and sexual health rights. Scarce resources were                          demand for such products is likely to be the key driver of infant
diverted from sexual health and quarantine measures kept young                           formula market growth over time.
people away from formal educational settings.
                                                                                         At the same time, life expectancy has increased rapidly. With
                                                                                         people living longer, there is growing demand for health and
     Our response: As the world’s leading producer of condoms                            wellbeing products that allow them to live their lives to the full.
     and with 90 years of brand heritage, Durex plays a crucial
                                                                                         As such, there is continued growth in demand for high-quality
     role in reducing the risk of sexually transmitted infection and
                                                                                         specialty food supplements, around key need states such as
     encouraging safe sexual practices. We do this through better
                                                                                         immunity, digestion, and cognition and mental health.
     understanding differing consumer needs, and continually
     improving the performance of our products, for example, through
     size and fit, to enhance pleasure and the consumer experience of                            Our response: Through the strength of our brands, consumer
     intimacy. At the same time, we’re partnering with key influencers                           insight and science understanding, we are well placed to be
     and celebrities such as Lil Nas X in the US, to generate product                            a winner in the nutrition market. With our infant brands such as
     awareness and grow usage of the category. As part of a better                               the Enfa range and Nutramigen, and adult brands such as Provital,
     understanding of consumer needs, we are addressing the                                      Move Free, Airborne and Neuriva, we seek to address the most
     growing demands of previously-overlooked parts of the                                       important needs in nutrition. Our product innovation teams
     market. Through Queen V for example, we are recognising the                                 leverage the capabilities within our science platforms of digestive
     importance of vaginal health, leveraging our understanding of                               health and allergy and immunity to deliver natural solutions
     the microbiome to deliver products seeking to combat everyday                               that address the specific nutritional needs of these groups,
     problems such as itchiness and dryness. Our educational                                     whether infants or adults. E-commerce is playing an increasingly
     initiatives promote responsible attitudes and behaviours                                    important role in how consumers seek out and purchase
     with programmes that help young people make informed                                        nutritional products. This provides an opportunity for us to better
     and confident choices, alongside partners such as the National                              serve them through the lifecycle of their or their baby’s needs,
     AIDS Control Organization (India), Solidarite (France), Dance 4Life                         with our brand communications with an expectant mother often
     (Netherlands), and UNFPA (Mexico).                                                          beginning well before the baby is born, for example.




Digital is transforming consumer behaviour and                      Online share of retail sales
purchasing decisions, affecting what people buy and                 35%                                                                                  UK
how they buy it. This has implications for the way we               30%                                                                                  US
                                                                    25%
develop and market our products, the value we can offer
                                                                    20%                                                                             COVID-19 pushed
consumers, and how we manage our supply chain. The                  15%                                                                             people online
disruption brought about by COVID-19 has accelerated                10%                                                                             in 2020. 2021
                                                                     5%                                                                             penetration
these trends, with a step-change in virtual appointments,
                                                                     0%                                                                             data proves
remote prescriptions and e-commerce transactions.                          2012   2013    2014     2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2020   2021   they stay online.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                 11
     Market Context (Continued)




     OUR GEOGRAPHICAL
     FOOTPRINT
     OVERVIEW
     Reckitt operates in over 60 countries around the world. Reflecting    Split of developed and developing1 markets
     the premium nature of our portfolio, 64% of revenue is currently
     derived by developed markets – primarily North America and            Group                                            64%                36%


     Europe. However, continued growth in the middle classes in            Hygiene                                                79%          21%


     many developing markets such as India and China will improve          Health                               52%                            48%

     affordability of premium products, and is likely to support overall
                                                                           Nutrition                                  59%                      41%
     revenue growth over time.
                                                                             Developed markets        Developing markets




     US
     The US is Reckitt’s largest geographic market, with revenue in        consumer-centric innovation and improved relationships and
     2021 of over £3.8 billion, representing 30% of Group revenue,         execution with our key customers such as Walmart and Dollar General
     excluding IFCN China.                                                 – both of which gave us a supplier of the year award during 2021.

     Reckitt is home to some of the best loved, most recognisable          Across each of our three GBUs, our business took market share in
     and most trusted consumer brands in the US, including Airborne,       2021. In Hygiene, through continued outperformance of Lysol and
     Air Wick, Enfamil, Finish, KY, Lysol and Mucinex.                     Air Wick; in Health, this was through gains in Mucinex and Durex;
                                                                           and in Nutrition, through our infant formula brands.
     Around 5,300 employees work in the US business. We have three
     R&D centres of excellence and six manufacturing locations.            Innovation was a driver of performance in 2021, with recent
     US-made brands include multiple category leaders, among them          launches including Lysol Smart – a sustainability-focused product
     Lysol, where we lead the US surface protection category. We’re        – and the Mucinex NightShift and InstaSoothe ranges.
     number two in laundry additives with Finish, number two in the
                                                                           Reckitt also has a history of supporting local communities through
     cough and cold category with Mucinex, and number three in air
                                                                           its brands. One example is Lysol’s ‘HERE for Healthy Schools
     care with Air Wick. Our infant follow-on nutrition, Enfamil, is the
                                                                           Initiative’ which provides educational materials for students and
     number one brand recommended by paediatricians.
                                                                           disinfecting supplies for schools, with the mission to curb the
     Total US revenue has increased by over 20% since 2019. Led by         spread of preventable illnesses.
     the increased demand for Lysol, growth has been driven by




     CHINA
     China represents 5% of the total Group following the disposal of      broadly, in areas such as digital marketing, data and automation,
     the IFCN business. Having averaged double-digit growth in recent      and venturing.
     years, it is now the Group’s fourth largest country market.
                                                                           Reckitt’s largest brands in China are Durex and Dettol which
     Reckitt has operated in the Chinese market since 1916 with            represent more than 70% of the China business revenue. Other
     headquarters in Shanghai. The business operates across three          brands include Finish, Lysol, Harpic and the more recently launched
     GBUs, with approximately 3,500 employees and five manufacturing       Neuriva – all of which we expect to show double-digit percentage
     facilities. We have recently invested around £90 million in the       annual growth over the coming years.
     Taicang factory to support China Dettol and Durex growth.
                                                                           We are also active in our communities, supporting education on
     E-commerce has been a major contributor to growth in the market,      the importance of hygiene, and we target reaching over 27,000
     now representing around two-thirds of the China business1 . Its       schools across the country over the next five years.
     success has led the way for learnings across the Group more


     1.   Excluding IFCN China




12
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                         Financial Statements




INDIA
India is Reckitt’s second largest market, with revenue in 2021 of      Durex: making Invisible visible
over £800 million, around 6% of Group revenue, and we have             Six years ago, there was limited brand awareness of Durex in India.
ambitions to double this by 2030.                                      The brand had a very small share of what was then a low-visibility
                                                                       market. Sex had long been seen as a ‘man’ thing that wasn’t
In a fiercely competitive space, we’re outperforming our peers.
                                                                       discussed in the public sphere. Condoms were mostly supplied
Our net revenue growth over the past five years has averaged
                                                                       on request by chemists and were not on display. Product
8% per annum. With strong heritage in India, having entered the
                                                                       understanding was limited and suppliers mainly served basic
market with Dettol in 1940, we play across multiple categories, with
                                                                       needs, which favoured cheaper local brands.
Dettol, Harpic, Vanish and Veet each leaders in their respective
segments. Our brands are highly trusted, with Dettol for example       Durex recognised that several category segments were underserved
scoring 28% points1 higher than its closest competitor on key          and launched superior offerings to meet that untapped demand.
attributes, and with one in two households2 purchasing the brand       Its Mutual Climax condom emphasised performance, while Durex
in the last year.                                                      Invisible, India’s thinnest condom, stressed intimacy.

The market backdrop is highly favourable. By 2030, India is            The brand backed up these innovations with quirky, social-media-
expected to be the most populous country in the world, with            led campaigns that championed great sex and took on centuries-
1.5 billion people, and GDP is forecast to be $6 trillion making       old taboos. Celebrity endorsements engaged younger audiences.
it the world’s third largest economy3 . Today, Indians spend a         In a first for India, Durex challenged the stigma around female
relatively low proportion of their income on consumer staples.         sexuality and built conversations around sex that included women
With the equivalent spend some 30 times greater in the US,             and the LGBTQ+ community.
there is substantial headroom for growth.
                                                                       Key to performance for Durex in India, however, has been its
Such is the strength of our brands such as Dettol, Harpic and Durex,   improved distribution. In early 2019, the brand could be found in
we are uniquely placed to drive purpose-led messages on vital          around 76,000 distribution points across the country. Today, it is
topics, such as hygiene and sexual health and wellbeing, across        over 120,000. Combined with improvements in digital, this has seen
the country. Dettol’s high-profile Banega Swasth India campaign        Durex gain over 210bps of market share in 2021, leading to the
for example has been running since 2014. Now in its eighth season,     brand now being the second largest condom name in the country.
through celebrity endorsement and in partnership with the
                                                                       Looking forward, we continue to see the Durex opportunity
country’s most respected TV channel, it’s helping millions of
                                                                       as significant – with growth in the category, as well as further
Indians to improve their lives with better hygiene and sanitation.
                                                                       opportunities for market share gains.
The Dettol School Curriculum is reaching 20 million primary school
children. Targeted diarrhoea prevention interventions save the lives   LFL net revenue growth in India
of around 100,000 under-5s in Uttar Pradesh.                                                                             %
                                                                                                            C A G R +8
Such is the strength of Dettol in the country, that it was the
starting place for what became a global phenomenon. The
#handwashchallenge TikTok campaign, which ultimately garnered
125 billion views, was initiated with Bollywood celebrities and
India’s top TikTok influencers uploading their own dance-based
interpretations of the handwashing rap.

The development of the India operation over the last two years
                                                                                2016        2017          2018           2019     2020        2021
exemplifies the strategic transformation that’s underway across
Reckitt globally. We’re driving core brand performance with            Leading brand positions
innovation-led market share growth and penetration gains.
We’re growing e-commerce – up nearly 140% over the last                            #1                #1                      #1          #1
three years – and extending our reach. We’re supplementing our
retail network with expanding direct distribution and enhancing
digital capabilities. We’re strengthening our supply chain and
improving productivity.                                                1.   Advantage survey of retailers 2021
                                                                       2.   Source: Nielsen penetration data
                                                                       3.   Source: World Bank




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              13
     Our Business Model




     HOW WE
     CREATE VALUE
     We are the company behind some of the                                  OUR PURPOSE
                                                                            We exist to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless pursuit
     world’s most recognisable and trusted                                  of a cleaner and healthier world.
     consumer brands in hygiene, health
     and nutrition.



     OUR ASSETS                                                             WHERE WE PLAY
     Our people and culture                                                 BUSINESS STRUCTURE
     We employ outstanding people who are focused on execution.
     They work in a unique culture, with a strong sense of shared
     ownership, that harnesses their passion and allows them to make              Hygiene                 Health              Nutrition
     a real difference.

     Our brands
     We have a global portfolio of leading brands, offering attractive
     growth prospects and margins, and sustainable competitive
     advantages.

     Our knowledge and skills
     We have deep consumer understanding, proven R&D capabilities
     and an agile organisation, which gets the right products into the
                                                                                                          eRB
     hands of consumers quickly.
                                                                                  Global Business Solutions; Global Expansion Markets;
     Our partnerships                                                                                Greater China
     We develop strong, trusted relationships with our customers,
     consumers, suppliers, communities and other partners to allow
     us to extend our impact.

     Our infrastructure                                                                    Global functions & capability centres
     Our business is underpinned by strong manufacturing sites,
     R&D laboratories, centres of excellence and logistics centres
     and well as digital infrastructure.

     Our financial strength
     Shareholders’ equity, debt and retained profit give us the financial
     resources to implement our strategy.




14
Strategic Report                                       Governance                                    Financial Statements




    OUR FIGHT                                                            MID-TERM TARGETS
    We have a fight on our hands. A fight to make access                 Rejuvenating Sustainable Growth. We have committed to deliver:
    to the highest quality hygiene, wellness and nourishment             mid-single-digit growth and mid-20s profit margin.
    a right and not a privilege.




    HOW WE WIN                                                           VALUE WE CREATE
    EARNINGS MODEL
                                                                         >80          >20m
                                                                         products now labelled as Climate       Reckitt products sold every day
                                                                         Pledge Friendly on Amazon
                                                                                                                    For consumers
                                                                             For customers                          see page 54
      Innovation                                  High gross margin          see page 52
                                                      business


                                                                         c.50%                                  c.3,200
                                                                         of employees are shareholders          direct material suppliers
                                                                             For our people                         For suppliers
                                                                             see page 55                            see page 57
                           Productivity



    Growth                                                    High BEI   >3,000                                 >£80m
                                                                         scientists, engineers, technologists   invested in over 15 startups to date
                                                                         and experts work at Reckitt
                                                                                                                    For innovators
                                                                             For expert knowledge                   see page 58
                                                                             see page 58


                                    Out-execute



    BEI = Brand Equity Investment
                                                                                                                288.5p
                                                                             For collaboration and              total adjusted diluted EPS
                                                                             partnerships see page 59
                                                                                                                    For our investors
                                                                                                                    see page 60




                                                                         2bn                                    29.3%
                                                                         target engagement with 2 billion       net revenue from more sustainable
                                                                         people through our programmes,         products excluding IFCN
                                                                         partnerships and campaigns by 2030
                                                                                                                    For our environment
                                                                             For communities                        see page 63
                                                                             see page 61




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                15
     Sustainability Ambitions



     FOR A CLEANER, HEALTHIER WORLD


     OUR 2030
     SUSTAINABILITY
     AMBITIONS
                                                                            PURPOSE-LED BRANDS
                                                                            We sell around 20 million products every single day. That’s a lot
     Sustainability is central to our Purpose.                              of material and we want it to have a positive impact.
     It runs through everything we do.                                      To help ensure we don’t just sell products people want to buy
                                                                            but also ones that make a positive difference in the world, we’re
     Our 2030 ambitions embed sustainability at the core of our
                                                                            investing in sustainability in all our brands. Each brand now has a
     business and build on the progress we have already made. They
                                                                            purpose that’s aligned with one of the UN Sustainable Development
     focus on three areas – purpose-led brands, healthier planet and
                                                                            Goals (SDGs). Every Reckitt brand focuses on progressing SDGs.
     fairer society – where we can maximise our positive and enduring
     impact, within and through our core business. The ambitions are        We won’t stand still. We want to challenge ourselves to do more
     supported by specific targets and metrics to drive disciplined         every day to bring about the cleaner, healthier world we all want
     execution across the business. They are backed by over £1 billion      to see.
     in existing, planned and projected investment.
                                                                            We’ve set ourselves ambitious sustainability targets to lower our
     We aim to:                                                             use of virgin plastic and reduce our carbon, water and chemical
                                                                            footprints. All our plastic packaging will be recyclable or reusable
     •   Reach half the world with products that contribute to a cleaner,
                                                                            by 2025, with at least a quarter coming from recycled materials.
         healthier world
                                                                            By 2030, we plan to have halved our use of virgin plastic for
     •   Engage two billion people with purpose-led campaigns to            packaging, reduced our chemical footprint by nearly two-thirds
         promote awareness for a cleaner, healthier world                   and cut our carbon footprint in two. We’re targeting a 50%
     •   Make a lasting difference in communities through our Fight         reduction in our overall water footprint by 2040.
         for Access Fund and our programmes
     •   Work with our partners to help deliver the UN Sustainable               By 2025
         Development Goals                                                       • 100% plastic packaging recyclable or reusable
                                                                                 •   25% recycled content in plastic packaging
     PARTNERSHIPS                                                                By 2030
     We reach out to like-minded partners to drive real, sustainable
                                                                                 • 50% of net revenue from more sustainable products
     change together. Our partnerships with WWF and the Fair Rubber
                                                                                 •   50% reduction in our carbon footprint
     Association help us create scale and impact in key areas. The
     COP26 partnership adds momentum.                                            •   65% reduction in our chemical footprint
                                                                                 •   50% reduction of virgin plastic in packaging
     By engaging with consumers through partnerships and campaigns
     we aim to help to build awareness and drive changes in behaviour            By 2040
     that can have real impact in making a cleaner, healthier world.             • 50% reduction in our water footprint

                                                                                 baseline: 2015




16
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                        Financial Statements




                                                                        A winning photo from
                                                                                                                     1.8bn
                                                                                                                   people engaged through
                                                                                                              our partnerships, programmes
                                                                        our competition in
                                                                        partnership with                          and campaigns since 2013
                                                                        Talenthouse,
                                                                        capturing moments




                                                                                                                        49%
                                                                        where people have
                                                                        positively impacted
                                                                        our planet to create
                                                                        a cleaner,
                                                                        healthier world.
                                                                        Kliford Gonzales –
                                                                        Philippines                                      gender balance at all
                                                                                                                          management levels




A HEALTHIER PLANET                                                          A FAIRER SOCIETY
A healthier planet and healthier people are inextricably linked.            We are fighting for a world where access to the highest quality
Our sustainability ambitions include targets that will ensure we play       hygiene, wellness and nourishment is everyone’s right, and not
an active role in helping to combat climate change, addressing              a privilege. As part of that, we stand for a fairer society where
biodiversity and improving planetary health. We are working with            everyone has a stake, and all voices are heard and acknowledged.
partners to create positive impact in areas that are stressed by
                                                                            The third pillar of our sustainability ambitions addresses this
global warming. Our three-year partnership with WWF will protect
                                                                            directly. We are building an inclusive culture, where everybody
freshwater sources, restore wildflower habitats and help it inspire
                                                                            is treated fairly and equally. Our teams represent the diverse
millions of people to act for our planet.
                                                                            geographies we operate in and the people we serve.

     By 2030                                                                We want all our stakeholders to have sustainable livelihoods
     • Water-positive in water-stressed sites                               and working conditions. One way we do this for smaller suppliers
                                                                            is through partnerships with organisations on the ground.
     •   100% renewable electricity
                                                                            Our team-up with the Fair Rubber Association gets a Fair Trade
     •   65% reduction in absolute carbon emissions from operations         premium to the farmers who produce natural rubber latex for
     By 2040                                                                our Durex products.
     • Net zero across our value chain                                      We’re assessing and improving standards for our larger suppliers
                                                                            through our strengthened audit programme. We’re establishing
                                                                            leading human rights programmes and developing action




66%
                                                                            plans in all our key markets. We’re supporting resilient, local
                                                                            communities by helping our suppliers measure and reduce
                                                                            their environmental footprints.


                                                                                •   An inclusive culture, where everybody is treated fairly
                                                                                    and equally

reduction in absolute carbon emissions                                          •   Our teams represent the diverse places where we work
in our operations since 2015                                                        and the people we serve
                                                                                •   Gender balance at all management levels by 2030
                                                                                •   Equivalent of 1% operating profit to Fight for Access Fund




100%
renewable electricity purchased for
our manufacturing operations



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          17
     Key Performance Indicators




     FINANCIAL
     LFL Net Revenue Growth1                             Adjusting Operating Profit Margin1               Adjusted diluted EPS1


     KPI: An indicator of strong sales execution,        KPI: An indicator of brand strength, return on   KPI: An overall indicator of success.
     innovation and customer service.                    investment in innovation and marketing.


     2021                                    3.5%        2021                                   21.7%3    2021                                    288.5p
     2020                                   11.8%    2
                                                         2020                                  23.6%      2020                                    327.0p
     2019                                   0.8%         2019                                  26.2%      2019                                    349.0p
     2018                                   3.0%         2018                                  26.7%      2018                                    339.9p
     2017                                       0%       2017                                   27.1%     2017                                    316.9p
     Target: To rebuild consistent mid-single            Target: Our plan, outlined in 2020 and           Target: to achieve consistent earnings per
     digit growth in the medium term.                    re-confirmed in 2021 for a margin in the         share growth as we deliver mid-single digit
                                                         mid-20s by the mid-2020s.                        revenue growth and improving margins
                                                                                                          over time.




     HEALTHIER PLANET
     GHG emissions in our operations                     Water use per unit of production                 Sending zero waste to landfill


     KPI: The percentage reduction of our Scope          KPI: The percentage reduction in total water     KPI: The percentage of our factories
     1 and 2 emissions against our 2015 baseline.        consumption per unit of production, against      achieving zero waste to landfill, including
                                                         our 2015 baseline.                               both hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

     2021                                       66%      2021                                       3%    2021                                      96%
     2020                                       36%      2020                                       6%    2020                                      96%
     2015                                       0%       2015                                       0%    2019                                      96%
                                                                                                          2018                                      93%
                                                                                                          2017                                     100%
     Target to 2030: 65% reduction against 2015          Target to 2025: 30% reduction against 2015       Target to 2030: 100%.
     baseline (393,004tCO2e).                            baseline (2.7m3 per tonne of product).




     PURPOSE-LED BRANDS
     Product innovation                                  Purpose-led brands                               Social impact investment


     KPI: Total net revenue from more                    KPI: Total number of people engaged              KPI: Total value of cash contributed, employee
     sustainable products.                               through our partnerships, programmes             time in working hours and in-kind product
                                                         and campaigns since 2013.                        donations valued at cost to the business.

     2021                                  29.3%5        2021                                    1.8bn    2021                                    £38.2m
     2020                                  30.4%         2020                                    1.4bn    2020                                    £52.8m
     2019                                  24.6%         2019                                    1.0bn    2019                                    £12.2m
     2018                                   18.5%        2018                                   0.8bn     2018                                    £14.4m
     2017                                  18.2%         2017                                   0.6bn     2017                                    £10.5m
     Target to 2030: 50% of net revenue.                 Target to 2025: one billion people.              Target to 2025: £20 million per year.




18
Strategic Report                                Governance                                      Financial Statements




                                                                                                1.   2017 and 2018 figures are original reported
                                                                                                     within relevant periods and have not been
FCF Conversion1                                                                                      adjusted for subsequent updates made to IFRS

                                                                                                2.   Including IFCN China (excluding IFCN
                                                                                                     China: 13.9%)
KPI: A strong link to efficient capital
                                                                                                3.   Including IFCN China (excluding IFCN
structure and well managed working capital.
                                                                                                     China: 22.9%)

                                                                                                4.   Management levels are band D and above
2021                                      61%                                                        (excluding board employees)

2020                                     131%                                                   5.   The 2021 total net revenue from more
                                                                                                     sustainable products including IFCN was 24.9%
2019                                     87%
                                                                                                6.   Excluding energy used indirectly by consumers
2018                                     84%
                                                                                                     at home
2017                                     94%
Target: To maintain the delivery of strong
free cash flow conversion over time.




FAIR SOCIETY
Gender diversity                                Lost Work Day Accident Rate
                                                (LWDAR)
KPI: Gender balance at all                      KPI: Number of incidents resulting
management levels.                              in at least one lost day of work per
                                                100,000 hours worked.

2021                                     49%    2021                                   0.046
2020                                     49%    2020                                   0.050
2019                                     48%    2019                                   0.076
2018                                     47%    2018                                   0.084
                                                2017                                    0.121
Target to 2030: Gender balance at all           Target: Continued decrease in LWDAR rate.
management levels 4 .
2021: 29% female senior managers in our
global workforce.




Product footprint


KPI: The percentage reduction of our
product carbon footprint against our
2015 baseline6 .

2021                                   +22.6%
2020                                   +22.6%
2015                                      0%




Target to 2030: -50% reduction against 2015
baseline (10.7 million tCO2e).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              19
     Focus on: COP26




     TIME TO TURN
     WORDS INTO
     ACTION
     The COP26 summit in Glasgow was a pivotal moment in our collective fight against
     climate change. Reckitt came on board as the event’s official hygiene partner.




     COP26 was billed as the last, best opportunity to implement the      We engaged with governments in 41 global capitals. We hosted
     goals of the Paris Agreement and the UN Framework Convention         and participated in top-tier and high-profile events. In Milan, we
     on Climate Change. Reckitt was named as hygiene partner.             profiled our Finish brand purpose commitment at a round-table
     Through our Dettol brand, we were entrusted with keeping             event focusing on scarce water resources. In the US, we hosted
     30,000+ delegates from over 190 countries safe from COVID-19.        a COP26 round-table with the Biden administration’s Deputy
                                                                          Special Envoy for Climate. In Mexico City, the UK Embassy
     This was a chance for us to demonstrate our Purpose in action.
                                                                          showcased Reckitt as a trusted partner for health, hygiene
     We highlighted the link between planetary health and public
                                                                          and climate ambitions. Dettol’s Banega Swasth Initiative ran
     health, we discussed how our brands can encourage consumers
                                                                          ‘One Planet, One Health, One Future’ as a 12-hour telethon
     to do the right thing and we profiled the campaign in Hull – where
                                                                          on India’s leading channel, NDTV.
     Reckitt has its roots – to become the UK’s first net-zero city.
                                                                          At COP26, we showcased the risk to public health of climate
     SAFE AND SUSTAINABLE                                                 change, and health strategies that take account of that.
     Our hygiene protocols protected delegates and visitors, while        We convened leaders from the World Health Organization,
     respecting the event’s sustainable objectives. Over 600 Dettol       governments, academia and civil society to build action to
     handwashing stations were placed strategically around the site.      protect health and combat climate change. Our major customers
     Every delegate got a hygiene kit.                                    have joined in the debate and are helping to develop solutions.
                                                                          Sustainability leaders from Walmart, Tesco, Walgreens Boots
     Our approach was validated by the London School of Hygiene           Alliance and Sainsbury’s all spoke at Reckitt-convened events.
     & Tropical Medicine, and the data suggests it succeeded.
     The frequency of COVID-19 cases at COP26 was 81% lower
     than the Scottish national average.
                                                                          YOUNG PEOPLE’S VOICES
                                                                          Young people’s passion and powers of persuasion can inspire
                                                                          real change, especially on climate. We ran campaigns at COP26
     ENGAGING WITH STAKEHOLDERS                                           to give them a voice. We launched Dettol Hygiene Quest, a fun
     In the run-up to the summit, we worked with stakeholders globally,   and interactive primary school programme that aims to build
     demonstrating the important connection between climate change        lasting hygiene habits among six to nine year-olds. A competition
     and health, and how we can help influence consumers to help          for seven to 18 year-olds called for images inspiring action on
     tackle climate change.                                               climate. The best entries won eco-friendly prizes and featured on
                                                                          our Instagram account.



20
Strategic Report                                 Governance                                      Financial Statements




26,000 600+
hygiene kits for delegates                       handwashing stations
                                                                                                 8,000
                                                                                                 litres of Dettol




81%
lower COVID-19 cases at COP26
vs Scottish national average
                                                 1,300+
                                                 sustainable pledges made
                                                 at our exhibition stand




MATCHING PERSONAL PLEDGES                                               Critical Role of Cities’ examined how the race to net zero can be
                                                                        managed in cities through public and private sector collaboration
Our COP26 exhibition space highlighted five misconceptions
                                                                        with reference to Reckitt’s own participation in Hull Living Lab.
on hygiene and challenged visitors to do their bit for a more
sustainable world. Every promise made at our exhibition stand
was matched by a donation to WWF UK restoring ten square feet           A CLEANER, HEALTHIER WORLD
of wildflower habitat.                                                  Our white paper ‘The Impact of Climate Change on Health:
                                                                        Reducing Risks and Increasing Resilience in the Era of COVID-19’,
The top pledge was washing hands with cold instead of warm
                                                                        co-authored with the London School of Hygiene & Tropical
water. Most people didn’t know that water temperature makes
                                                                        Medicine and EcoHealth Alliance, was published at the summit.
no difference to killing germs. It’s a small change with a big
                                                                        This set out the wide-ranging risks to human health of unabated
impact. If everyone in the UK did that, the CO2 saving would
                                                                        climate change and presented detailed recommendations to
be the same as taking 285,000 cars off the road for a year.
                                                                        address these serious and potentially existential threats. The paper
                                                                        made ten recommendations for public health to build resilience
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP                                                      and protect people from the health impacts of climate change.
We convened and hosted events on a range of climate change-
                                                                        There was progress at COP26. Critically, most governments and
related topics. ‘Planetary Health and Public Health’ discussed the
                                                                        businesses now agree we’re in a race against time to create the
adverse public health impacts of climate change, the escalating
                                                                        cleaner, healthier world we all want to see.
risks of inaction and how the private and public sectors can
collaborate to find solutions. ‘Inclusion is Key’ looked at how         But the time for talking has passed and we cannot relax. We need
gender equality improves science and innovation and spurs               to act decisively – locally and globally – to tackle this challenge.
climate action. The ‘Changing Consumer Behaviours’ panel session        Everybody has a role. At Reckitt, we’re determined to play our
discussed the impact on climate of a shift to more sustainable          full part.
consumption and how that can be done. ‘Achieving Net Zero:




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        21
      Our Strategy




      OUR GROWTH                                                                 Established in February 2020,
                                                                                 our strategy seeks to




      STRATEGY
                                                                                 drive a return to sustainable,
                                                                                 mid-single-digit revenue
                                                                                 growth, with adjusted
                                                                                 operating profit margins
                                                                                 in the mid-20s.




                                            GROWTH DRIVERS
                            PRODUCT      MARKET SHARE               EXPANSION INTO         EXPANSION INTO
                          PENETRATION       GAINS                    NEW PLACES             NEW SPACES
                         Capturing new    Serving existing           Entering new          Capturing new
                         consumers and   consumers faster,          geographies and      market opportunities
                           households       better, and              new channels
                                          more efficiently



                                                   GROW BRANDS AND INNOVATE




 STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
                                                   DRIVE SUPERIOR EXECUTION


                                                   INVEST IN CAPABILITIES


                                                   INCREASE PRODUCTIVITY


                                                   EMBED SUSTAINABILITY


                                                   ACTIVELY MANAGE THE PORTFOLIO


                                            INSPIRE TALENT AND EVOLVE CULTURE

                                          Our Leadership Behaviours
                         Our Compass                                                   For further information
                                          Own | Create | Deliver | Care                see inside front cover




22
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                     Financial Statements




GROWTH DRIVERS
Product penetration
Increasing product usage by capturing new consumers
                                                                         CONSUMER-LED CATEGORY GROWTH
                                                                         Reckitt is shifting from an innovation strategy led by brands
and households.
                                                                         to a category growth strategy anchored in consumer demand.
Market share gains                                                       This new demand-led growth approach uses deep consumer
Winning by serving existing consumers faster, better, and more           insights combined with strength in science and technology
efficiently with superior and more relevant products.                    to enable category thinking that drives growth.

Expansion into new places
                                                                               For progress against our growth drivers by GBU
Taking our brands and products into new geographies and
                                                                               see pages 24 to 29
new channels.

Expansion into new spaces
Capturing new market opportunities using our brands and
consumer relationships.




STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
INVESTMENTS SUPPORTING SUSTAINABLE GROWTH                                Increase productivity
                                                                         Embedding programmes to enhance effectiveness
Our strategic imperatives are those areas of focus which support
                                                                         and efficiency in the company and to fund investment.
us in returning the business to sustainable growth.
                                                                         Embed sustainability
Grow brands and innovate
                                                                         Incorporating sustainability throughout our value chain
Investing firmly behind our brands to drive equity and improve
                                                                         and across our business.
the product offering for consumers.
                                                                         Actively manage the portfolio
Drive superior execution
                                                                         Moving the company to higher growth and addressing
Investing in capability centres for commercial excellence – sales
                                                                         structural challenges.
outperformance, marketing excellence, eRB and medical sales.

Invest in capabilities
Investments in centralised areas such as supply chain, R&D and
digital to strengthen the core of our business, supporting the
three GBUs.




  INSPIRE TALENT AND EVOLVE CULTURE
  Building on our strong ownership culture, adding Care to our Leadership Behaviours. See Focus on: Culture & Inclusion page 46.




      For progress against our strategic imperatives
      see page 30



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                  23
     Progress Against Our Strategy




     HYGIENE
                                     OVERVIEW
                                     Hygiene is the foundation of health, and its relevance has never been greater. As such,
                                     the Business plays a key role in Reckitt’s overall Purpose, to protect, heal and nurture.
                                     At the same time, growing middle-class populations around the world drive affordability of
                                     our premium products. The effects of COVID-19 – principally related to consumers spending
                                     more time at home, and greater demand for disinfection – has increased overall demand,
                                     and we expect a number of these categories to permanently retain much of this uplift.

                                     The Hygiene GBU represents 45% of Group net revenue, with around 80% of the portfolio
                                     from developed markets. Our six core categories account for more than 80% of total net
                                     revenue and our largest three – surface disinfection, auto dishwashing and air care –
                                     each deliver consumer sales of over £1 billion.

                                     Our brands are typically leaders in their categories, with each of our largest brands
                                     a top-three player globally. Lysol is the largest disinfectant brand in the world having
                                     added nearly 28 million new households since 2019; Finish, the leading auto dishwashing
                                     (ADW) detergent brand globally, is improving the standard and efficiency of dishwashing
                                     and empowering consumers to conserve water; and air care holds number one or two
                                     positions in over 80% of the markets in which we operate.

                                     We have continued to invest across our capabilities throughout 2021. E-commerce and
                                     innovation were particular areas of focus for Hygiene in 2021. In e-commerce, within air care
                                     for example, we have designed more sustainable ecom-fit solutions empowered by our
                                     strengthened digital-first demand creation. We are winning in the fast-growing channel
                                     as online market leader in the US and in third position in US offline. Across digital, we have
     Volker Kuhn                     an eRB Capability Centre (see page 38) and trained over 200 staff, resulting in an improved
     President Hygiene               media return on investment. Innovation has also been an area of progress, benefiting from
                                     the step-up in investment in R&D. Our pipeline is more consumer-centric and stronger than
                                     ever; for example, in auto dishwashing, we have developed thermoforming solutions which
                                     deliver significantly better results at premium prices versus our previous ‘hard tablet’
                                     generation of products.

                                     Finally, we have been embedding our Leadership Behaviours of Own, Deliver, Create and
                                     Care. Evidence of the Own and Deliver components in our culture is well reflected in the
                                     way in which we were recognised with annual awards by Walmart and Dollar General.
                                     Here, our commercial teams were recognised by the retailers for their transparent and
                                     action-oriented communication, and their tenacity and agility to meet customer needs
                                     in challenging times.


                                     OUR REVENUE GROWTH ALGORITHM
                                     In the medium-term, we expect our revenues to grow by 4% to 5% per annum, balanced
                                     across our portfolio and coming from growth in penetration and market share, and through
                                     entering new places and new spaces. Our aim is to be present in a third of all households
                                     by 2030 as we benefit from a rising middle class globally, whilst generating a third of our
                                     business online, and a third of our business from developing markets.


                                                    Surface        Auto           Air         Fabric      Lavatory        Pest
                                                  Disinfection Dishwashing       Care          Care         Care         Control


                                     Medium-         c.4-6%        c.3-5%       c.3-5%        c.2-4%       c.3-6%        c.2-4%
                                     term net
                                     revenue
                                     growth




24
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                             Financial Statements




                                                                         MARKET SHARE GAINS

                                                                         LYSOL US

                                                                                                                                              CASE STUDIES
                                                                         Lysol is the largest disinfectant brand in the world. We generate
                                                                         94% of our sales in markets where we are the leader or number
                                                                         two. Lysol’s consistent strong performance throughout the
                                                                         COVID-19 pandemic is built on its trusted brand status.

                                                                         Lysol has gained more than 700bps of market share in the
                                                                         US since 2019, driven primarily by growth in the core business:
                                                                         wipes and disinfectant spray. Here, we have seen increased
                                                                         usage amongst the most loyal consumers contributing
                                                                         more than half of this growth, with a 500bps increase the
                                                                         proportion of consumers buying two or more Lysol products.
                                                                         Our compelling claim, ‘nothing kills more germs on more
                                                                         surfaces than Lysol’ is at the heart of the brand’s offering,
                                                                         and our innovation in fragrances and successful pricing
        PENETRATION                                                      further contributed to these gains.

        FINISH                                                           A particular success in 2021 was the Lysol ‘Back to School’
                                                                         programme. Here Lysol has been playing a key role in helping
        Finish exists to ease the burden of dishwashing. We bring        children and their teachers feel safe as they return to physical
        consumers the highest standard of dishwashing while              lessons. Concerns were particularly elevated around this period
        empowering them to conserve water, a very precious               given the rapid spreading of the Delta variant throughout much
        and scarce resource.                                             of the summer. Through partnerships with organisations such
                                                                         as the CDC and National Geographic, marketing campaigns
        In Turkey, Finish is the brand leader, reaching more than half   across TV, digital and social, and through strong in-store display
        of the market, 10.7 million households. Its brand penetration    activation, Lysol was able to take significant share from its
        in 2021 at 51.4% was 430bps ahead of 2020. There were            competition. Share of the surface category grew 630bps whilst
        gains across the category, with both detergents and              share in disinfectant spray grew 160bps.
        enhancers doing well. Purpose-led marketing highlighted
        water scarcity and outlined the water-saving benefits of         In addition to the core business, we have been broadening
        auto-dishwashing. Our #skiptherinse campaign got a lot of        the shoulders of the brand. Globally, we have generated over
        traction and both Finish detergent and its additive products     £250 million additional revenue contribution from new spaces
        made strong gains.                                               and places since the beginning of 2019, with Laundry sanitiser
                                                                         alone for example contributing an additional £90 million.
        In the US, we teamed up with leading dishwashing machine
        brands to drive penetration. There is still massive growth
                                                                         NEW SPACES

                                                                         AIR WICK BOTANICA AUSTRALIA
        potential even in this seemingly well-established market;
        machine penetration currently stands at just 49% of homes.

        Globally, dishwashing machine penetration is only 13%; the
        typical consumer has disposable income. The rise in the          Air Wick Australia has been a leading Category Market Unit,
        global middle class is therefore expanding our addressable       with Botanica driving both growth and distribution of share.
        market. By 2025, this group is expected to grow by 160 million
                                                                         The Australian team managed to achieve one of the most
        households, a significant acceleration. And we are the clear
                                                                         difficult, but also most important, success factors for an
        market leader in these high-growth developing markets.
                                                                         innovation launch by positioning Botanica as incremental
        E-commerce and innovation are important drivers of               for consumers rather than as a replacement for the existing
        category growth. More sustainable e-com-fit solutions are        Air Wick core products.
        helping us win higher online share, and our thermoformed
                                                                         This vindicated the team’s decision to allocate a sizeable
        solutions have proved popular with consumers – delivering
                                                                         budget to launch the innovation at scale. They were also
        better results at premium pricing versus our previous
                                                                         able to secure additional distribution for the new range.
        generation of products.
                                                                         Consumers reacted positively to its purpose-led positioning.
                                                                         This was highlighted by launching it in a joint campaign with
                                                                         WWF Australia to help save threatened native wildflower
                                                                         species from extinction.

                                                                         Since the launch, Air Wick Australia as a whole has gained
                                                                         significant share and has also seen a substantial
                                                                         improvement in equity metrics.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                      25
     Progress Against Our Strategy (Continued)




     HEALTH
                                    OVERVIEW
                                    We created our Health GBU in 2020, with a dedicated leadership team and focused
                                    resources. Since then, we have developed and deployed clear growth strategies for each
                                    of our brands and categories, grounded in a deeper level of consumer insight. We have
                                    invested significantly in our innovation pipeline and in commercial execution.

                                    The Health GBU represents around 35% of total Group net revenue. We are present in over 130
                                    markets across the world with a balance of revenue from developed and developing markets.

                                    Our portfolio is well diversified across four key categories, all of which have strong
                                    growth prospects based on a clear runway for household penetration and premiumisation.
                                    In aggregate, over-the-counter (OTC) and germ protection account for 70% of Health net
                                    revenue. Next in size is intimate wellness with high growth potential. Personal care is an
                                    important scale-builder in our portfolio in many markets which we grow and invest in
                                    selectively. All four categories have an attractive earnings model, with the highest margins
                                    generated in OTC and Intimate Wellness.

                                    Our Health brands are very strong. All major brands occupy leading positions in the
                                    categories and the markets in which they play and many have strengthened throughout
                                    COVID-19, as consumers chose the most trusted and efficacious solutions.

                                    We have been particularly focused upon innovation and sales excellence. Innovations
                                    include the Mucinex NightShift and the InstaSoothe sore throat ranges. Nurofen’s
                                    breakthrough ibuprofen 12-hour product launched in Australia and a best-in-class ibuprofen
                                    plus paracetamol, a combination launched as Nuromol in Brazil. With significant investment
                                    since 2019, our OTC innovation pipeline in 2022 will be double that of 2021.
     Kris Licht
     President Health               Another key focus area has been to drive superior customer service. A year ago we set up
                                    our Sales Outperformance Capability Centre which helped us in resetting more strategic
                                    partnerships with our top customers. We have received several recognition awards including
                                    Supplier of the Year in consumables from Walmart in the US and Tesco Covid Hero in the UK.
                                    Alongside this, we have been improving our share of distribution points. The two most
                                    prominent examples here are Dettol’s global distribution recovery to pre-COVID-19 levels,
                                    as well as Durex becoming the number two condom brand in India, driven by the expansion
                                    of our network of retailers. And in the UK, we are excited to have established an initiative to
                                    deliver our products supplied to Boots, direct to consumers via a partnership with Deliveroo.

                                    Throughout the challenges of the pandemic, the Health business has stayed true to the
                                    broader Reckitt Compass, and in particular the Leadership Behaviour of Care. This was
                                        exemplified in 2021 by a cross-functional team from Reckitt India who worked to
                                         provide support to employees and local communities affected by COVID-19.


                                           OUR REVENUE GROWTH ALGORITHM
                                           In the medium-term, we expect our revenues to grow by 4% to 6% per annum,
                                            outperforming the broader market. This will continue to come from growth in
                                            penetration and market share, and through entering new places and new spaces,
                                            with germ protection, with its greater presence in developing markets, and intimate
                                            wellness the fastest growing segments of the portfolio.

                                                                               Germ           OTC         Intimate      Personal
                                                                             Protection                   Wellness       Care


                                          Medium-term net                      c.4-6%        c.2-4%        c.7-9%       c.2-3%
                                          revenue growth




26
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                          Financial Statements




                                                                        and fully lifestyle-based approach to self-care. In the past
                                                                        year, we have leveraged our R&D wealth to bring elevated




                                                                                                                                         CASE STUDIES
                                                                        science to product solutions. All Queen V products are
                                                                        Micro-v-iome friendly, going beyond pH balance to remove
                                                                        harsh ingredients and ensure products respect women’s
                                                                        natural microbiome ecosystem of good and bad bacteria.
                                                                        This ecosystem is critical to vaginal balance and the reduced
                                                                        occurrence of vaginal infections. With three product lines
                                                                        – Maintain, Help, Enjoy – Queen V not only helps her in
                                                                        moments of need, it equips her with the tools to proactively
                                                                        maintain vaginal balance and support her moments of
                                                                        ultimate enjoyment.




        MARKET SHARE GAINS

        GAVISCON
        Gaviscon’s growing revenue in an expanding market
        is built on consistent consumer-led innovation and
        continued successful marketing and execution and brand
        communications. As we have driven demand however,
        growth in sales became constrained by our supply capacity,
        risking a deterioration in customer service levels and missed
        revenue opportunities.

        In early 2021, we invested £20 million at our Hull factory in
        the UK, adding additional lines and improving capacity by
        60%. This has driven improved service levels – up by around     NEW PLACES
        20ppts since 2019 – and market share gains of 60bps in 2021.
        This helped accelerate Gaviscon revenue growth from 9% in
        2020 to over 20% in 2021.
                                                                        NUROMOL AND LUFTAFEM BRAZIL
                                                                        The Brazilian analgesics market is the world’s fifth biggest,
                                                                        with its OTC market alone worth £1 billion. Yet there has
        NEW SPACES                                                      been no significant innovation in this category for over

        QUEEN V                                                         a decade.

                                                                        Reckitt Brazil changed all that this year with our latest
                                                                        analgesic, which combines the advantages of ibuprofen
        Reckitt’s broader expanse into the intimate wellness space
                                                                        and paracetamol in a single dose. We’ve launched Nuromol
        has paved the way for the introduction of Queen V. Acquired
                                                                        for general pain relief. We also launched Luftafem, which
        by Reckitt in 2021 and relaunching broadly in US retail in
                                                                        leverages Luftal’s reputation for abdominal care. Aimed at
        Q2 2022, the brand has curated a loyal following within
                                                                        women, this provides strong-acting relief from menstrual
        the digital space, and takes a frank, unapologetic approach
                                                                        and other pains. Both have built scale rapidly as premium
        to feminine wellness.
                                                                        brands in the Brazilian market.
        The female intimate wellness category presents significant
                                                                        We are now playing in a very competitive category with
        opportunity for growth for Reckitt with an addressable
                                                                        two new brands, but early indications are promising.
        market of £11 billion. It is also fuelling growth as cultural
                                                                        We anticipate accelerated growth enabled by increased
        conversations surrounding vaginal health are shifting
                                                                        awareness. We’ve embarked on a bold and extensive
        consumers’ attitudes and behaviours in the category.
                                                                        media strategy to facilitate that. We’re building up consumer
        Queen V holds a unique space within our Intimate Wellness       awareness, engaging with the medical community, and
        portfolio of brands. Created by women, for women, the           extending distribution and trade links. We have big ambitions
        brand was founded to break down stigmas surrounding             here. We’re targeting a 10% share of Brazil’s pain market
        vaginal health and offer a more effective, less intimidating,   within ten years, with analgesics our biggest health category.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 27
     Progress Against Our Strategy (Continued)




     NUTRITION
                                    OVERVIEW
                                    Our Nutrition business seeks to protect heal and nurture through providing the highest
                                    quality nutrition to those at all stages of life – from infancy to old age. With products
                                    spanning infant formula, allergy nutrition and vitamins minerals and supplements (VMS),
                                    we seek to build and develop relationships with consumers with personalised solutions
                                    delivered at scale.

                                    The Nutrition GBU represents 20% of Group net revenue, with 60% from developed markets
                                    – primarily North America.

                                    Approximately 81% of revenue is from our IFCN business. The US is our largest market,
                                    generating about half of IFCN revenue. This business has performed consistently well since
                                    being acquired as part of Mead Johnson in 2017. Since 2018, it has averaged nearly 5%
                                    growth as a result of continued strong execution and innovation. Our focus in IFCN is now
                                    increasingly centred on replicating this performance in ASEAN and Latin America – the other
                                    two major regions within IFCN. Although market structures, and our positioning within them,
                                    are different to the US, we see significant opportunity for improved capabilities and
                                    execution to drive performance.

                                    In VMS, our opportunities are underpinned by the combination of our strong brands,
                                    e-commerce and our brand incubation capabilities, coupled with strong scientific
                                    platforms and our partnerships with customers. In Q1 2022, our VMS business moved
                                    into our Health GBU.

                                    Aside from the disposal of IFCN China, our particular focus throughout 2021 has been on
                                    strengthening go-to-market execution. We have focused strongly on refining the model
                                    that underpins the Nutrition business. Specifically, the incremental investment in science,
     Pat Sly
                                    innovation, expert recommendation and executional excellence, coupled with our
     President Nutrition
                                    Consumer Acquisition, Retention and Expansion (CARE) CRM model which maximises
                                    consumer lifetime value, provides the basis for a broader Reckitt relationship with the
                                    household, at a time in the life of a consumer when behaviours change most.

                                    Our Leadership Behaviours of Own, Create, Deliver, Care have been further embedded
                                    throughout the year. As an example of this, a Diversity and Inclusion initiative whereby
                                    Nutrition leaders articulate to the business their own commitment to these issues,
                                    with a view to inspiring the organisation to show its support, proved particularly powerful.


                                     OUR REVENUE GROWTH ALGORITHM
                                          In the medium term, we expect our revenues to grow by 3% to 5% per annum,
                                            through growth in penetration and market share, and through entering new places
                                              and new spaces. We expect relatively stable birth rates globally to be offset
                                               by continued premiumisation in our infant nutrition business, particularly
                                                as it relates to demand for specialty products, whilst VMS category growth
                                                  and the introduction of adult nutrition will further contribute positively.

                                                                             Core Enfa      Specialty      Adult         VMS
                                                                                             Infant


                                                   Medium-term net             c.0-2%        c.7-10%      +100bps       c.4-6%
                                                   revenue growth                                       contribution




28
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                          Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                         CASE STUDIES




        PENETRATION                                                     MARKET SHARE

        NEURIVA US                                                      IFCN US
        Our brain supplement brand, Neuriva, was launched in the        Since acquisition of the Mead Johnson business in 2017, our
        US in early 2019, capitalising on the opportunity presented     IFCN US business has performed consistently well, averaging
        by growing consumer awareness of the importance of              nearly 5% like-for-like revenue growth since 2018. 2021 was
        brain health. Neuriva includes two natural and GMO-free         no exception to this strong momentum, with the business
        ingredients – Neurofactor and Plant-sourced Sharp               growing mid-single digits, in part driven by share gains.
        Phosphatidylserine (PS) – that are clinically proven to fuel
                                                                        We have approximately a one-third share of the IFCN
        five indicators of brain performance, including accuracy,
                                                                        market in the US, excluding sales related to the WIC
        concentration, focus, learning and memory.
                                                                        (Women, Infants and Children) rebate programme. Within
        Its performance since launch has been very strong. The          this the majority of revenue is derived from the core, Enfa
        brand quickly established itself with key customers such as     family of products, and share here grew c.50bps in 2021 as
        Walmart, Walgreens, Amazon and Costco, and built a strong       a result of strong innovation, with the new Enfamil NeuroPro
        online presence. In 2021 Neuriva launched a major campaign      launched in June, accompanied by full digital and Healthcare
        partnering with a celebrity neuroscientist, helping it become   professional activation.
        the leader in the US for household penetration in the nascent
                                                                        The remainder of the IFCN business is comprised of our
        brain supplement category, with 1.3% of households, and
                                                                        faster-growing speciality business, primarily Nutramigen,
        the category’s #1 brand on Amazon. Revenue doubled, and
                                                                        which caters for infants with food allergies and other
        now represents around 20% of our VMS portfolio. With 68%
                                                                        specialist requirements. Here, share grew by nearly 70bps
        of sales coming from new users, the brand is supporting
                                                                        in 2021. This was also driven by strong marketing execution,
        penetration growth in the category.
                                                                        positioning the brand amongst healthcare professionals as
                                                                        the leader in the cow’s milk allergy (CMA) segment, whilst
                                                                        engaging and educating consumers regarding CMA through
                                                                        a ‘360-degree’ digital and social media campaign.

        NEW PLACES

        VMS
        The majority of VMS revenue has historically been generated       with limited need for physical presence in the country,
        in the US. Increasingly however, we are focused on growing        our marketing of Move Free in particular is supported
        the business in China, selling via cross-border platforms         by very strong local communications and activations.
        such as Tmall and JD, with Move Free the best-selling brand
                                                                          Now representing around a quarter of VMS revenue, China
        in the Joint Health segment. This allows us to use products
                                                                          growth has averaged 60% over the past five years, and
        manufactured in the US, avoiding the need to specially
                                                                          we continue to see significant opportunity for penetration
        formulate products. Whilst being efficient financially,
                                                                          gains, and to develop products tailored to the local market.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 29
     Progress Against Our Strategy (Continued)




     STRATEGIC
     IMPERATIVES
     Throughout 2021, we have                                GROW BRANDS
                                                            AND INNOVATE
     made good progress against                  The ongoing success of our brands is core to our performance.
     our six strategic imperatives:              Here, we continue to invest strongly in demand generation –
                                                 through both Brand Equity Investment (BEI) and investment in
                                                 our e-commerce capabilities, which are becoming an increasingly
     GROW BRANDS AND INNOVATE                    important driver of brand awareness.
     DRIVE SUPERIOR EXECUTION                    We are developing a credible purpose for all our major brands
     INVEST IN CAPABILITIES                      which is in turn informing each brand’s personality values, its
                                                 behaviour and its sustainability strategy. In doing so, and with
     INCREASE PRODUCTIVITY                       our deep understanding of consumer demand and our investment

     EMBED SUSTAINABILITY                        in innovation, we’re driving growth as we grow brand relevance
                                                 with consumers and trade customers.
     ACTIVELY MANAGE THE PORTFOLIO
                                                 BRAND EQUITY GROWTH




                                                                  Is effective at killing germs       +1000bps

                                                                  Is a brand I trust                  +500bps

                                                                  Spontaneous consideration           +1300bps


                                                 As a result, our brand equity metrics continue to be strong; Dettol
                                                 India, for example, is seeing a 1000bps improvement in its key
                                                 brand attribute of ‘is effective at killing germs’, while Nurofen in
                                                 the UK, its largest market, saw a 500bps uplift in ‘is a brand I trust’.
                                                 Additionally, the ability to leverage the strength of these brands
                                                 to bring about behavioural change while driving commercial
                                                 performance was again recognised, with Finish, Dettol and Durex
                                                 each winning gold ‘Effie’ awards for their campaigns.



30
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                      Financial Statements




                                                                       distribution points, while Dettol – where global distribution points
                                                                       were adversely impacted by COVID-19 – has now returned to
                                                                       pre-pandemic levels. Overall, two-thirds of our top Category
                                                                       Market Units (CMUs) are growing weighted distribution.

                                                                       Finally, online plays an increasingly important role in selling not only
                                                                       to our trade customers but, increasingly, direct to consumers with
                                                                       11 new online stores launched in 2021 helping drive further double
                                                                       digit growth in this part of our e-commerce business.


                                                                              This is further detailed on
                                                                              Focus on: Digital page 38
We have continued to innovate during the year, with a strong
sustainability component. Notable new launches have included:
the Lysol Smart refill product, using 75% less plastic; our Mucinex
InstaSoothe sore throat range; Dettol Tru Clean – our first
plant-based disinfectant; and Provital, our adult nutrition product.
                                                                                   INVEST IN
Our innovation is increasingly recognising the growing importance                 CAPABILITIES
of the online channel, with Durex and Vanish each launching            We have continued to invest firmly in key foundational capabilities
letterbox-friendly products.                                           to support growth across the business. In R&D, we have invested
                                                                       an additional £100 million (c.30%) more than in 2019, primarily
                                                                       funding increased headcount. Our capability centres (sales
                                                                       outperformance, marketing excellence, eRB, medical sales) are now
            DRIVE SUPERIOR                                             fully established and leveraging best practice across the Group.
           EXECUTION                                                  The payback periods on such investments can vary markedly.
We continue to make good progress in driving better execution.         In R&D, we typically expect investment to be returned over a
Our enhanced focus on our customers – with more top-to-top             multi-year period, reflecting the time taken for consumer insights
meetings, our dedicated Sales Outperformance Capability Centre         to be turned into product development, and to go through the
and improved product availability – has markedly improved              necessary approval processes. Investment here has nevertheless
customer relationships. Based on the most recent Advantage             created a 2022 product pipeline approximately 50% bigger than
survey of retailers, the percentage of our markets rated ‘top tier’    2021 levels. Our investment in capability centres by contrast is
by our customers improved by 20 percentage points, to 46%. The         already delivering tangible returns. We have seen improvements
improvements have also been recognised through accolades from          in our customer service levels and Revenue Growth Management
specific customers: During 2021 both Walmart and Dollar General in     (RGM) capabilities now rolled out to more than 60% of CMUs. KPIs
the US named Reckitt as a supplier of the year. Such improvements,     for returns on these investments, both quantitative and qualitative,
in turn, allow us to engage more meaningfully with customers to        are tracked carefully.
understand and capture long-term category opportunities.

AWARDS FROM CUSTOMERS                                                  INVESTING IN KEY CAPABILITIES


                                                                        INVESTMENT          PAYBACK      KPI
 Walmart
                                                                        AREAS               PERIOD       TRACKING
 US
 Supplier of the Year                                                   R&D                 Multi-year   • Number of prototypes and IP
 in consumables 2021                                                                                       in development
                                                                                                         • Number of initiatives reaching
 Superdrug                                                                                                 production
 UK                                                                                                      • Incremental revenue from
                                                                                                           NPD pipeline
 Supplier of the Year 2021
                                                                        E-commerce          Fast         • Online market share
 Woolworths                                                             and Digital                      • Volume of traffic and customer
 Australia                                                                                                 retention
 Everyday Needs Large                                                                                    • Investment tracking in new
 Supplier of the Year 2021                                                                                 ventures
                                                                                                         • Value optimisation through
 Dollar General                                                                                            in-house platforms
 US                                                                     Sales             Fast           • Advantage survey performance
 Strategic Partner Summit                                               Outperformance                   • Customer top-to-top feedback
 winner 2021                                                            Capability Centre                • Customer service and on-shelf
                                                                                                           availability
                                                                                                         • Revenue Growth Management
At the same time, we’ve increased our product availability through                                         (RGM) productivity achieved
greater distribution. Durex, for example, is now the number two
condom brand in India following a more than 60% increase in



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           31
     Progress Against Our Strategy (Continued)




                 INCREASE                                                     2. Improving Productivity and eliminating waste
                PRODUCTIVITY                                                 in manufacturing
     Funding our investments, in 2021 we delivered approximately £750         We have implemented our Reckitt Production System (R-PS),
     million of savings, representing cumulative, annualised savings since    which provides a set of continuous improvement standard tools
     the beginning of 2020, of over £1.1 billion. Our programme has been      and routines to enhance manufacturing performance. Our R-PS
     running ahead of initial expectations, with upgraded targets in part     system has been deployed across many our Health and
     necessitated by the increased input cost pressures faced across the      Nutrition factories. In 2022, the deployment efforts will focus on
     sector. We are now targeting £2 billion savings by the end of 2023.      our Hygiene business unit, whilst further expanding in Health
                                                                              and Nutrition.



                                                                              £55m
     Within this, the majority has been delivered within cost of goods
     sold, for example, by implementing standard operating practices
     across Reckitt manufacturing facilities to drive efficiency and
     deliver best practice. Our design to value laboratory has now
                                                                              reduction in conversion costs and
     analysed over 1,000 products to create ideas to reduce waste,
                                                                              waste reduction in 2021
     improve the environmental footprint and deliver high-quality
     products to consumers at a lower cost. Approximately £150 million        Relevant sustainability targets:
     has been delivered within our BEI spend as we improve marketing
                                                                              •    25% waste reduction
     data analytics, buy media more efficiently, and improve the
     efficiency of our creative efforts, with the balance saved through
     organisational simplification.

     Our productivity capabilities are now firmly embedded within the
     business, and our teams are increasingly approaching productivity                    EMBED
     as a business-as-usual activity. Productivity increasingly goes hand                  SUSTAINABILITY
     in hand with our efforts in sustainability, with projects such as       Our culture is performance-driven, with a strong sense of shared
     reconfiguring our sourcing of milk powder in the US or reducing         ownership. And yet, while being shareholder-centred, we are doing
     the quantity of latex waste in the production of condoms both           business in the right way. We have set ambitious ESG goals, with
     saving costs and reducing our environmental footprint.                  a focus on our purpose-led brands, the planet and a fairer society.
                                                                             During the year, we renewed these targets, including a 65%
     PRODUCTIVITY EXAMPLES
                                                                             reduction in absolute carbon emissions, and 50% of revenue from
                                                                             more sustainable products by 2030. We have been making tangible
      1.Sourcing milk powder                                                 progress through the year and are pleased that this has been
      We continue to improve our environmental impact as we                  recognised externally, with our MSCI ESG rating improving to AA,
      configure our supply chain, for example, with material savings         and our Sustainalytics rating currently at 22.9 (as at January 2022);
      made in our US IFCN business, resulting in a 70% reduction in          we have also been re-entered to the Dow Jones Sustainability
      our carbon dioxide emissions.                                          Index for Europe. In addition, modelling conducted by MSCI has



      70%                                65%
                                                                             confirmed that the plans we have in place are consistent with
                                                                             the Paris Agreement targets on climate change.


      reduction in carbon dioxide        reduction in freight costs
      emissions
                                                                              ESG rating history
      Relevant sustainability targets:

      •   65% reduction in absolute carbon emissions
      •   Carbon-neutral across our value chain
      •   50% reduction in product carbon footprint                           AAA


      Improving efficiency through                                                AA                                                    AA

      reconfiguration of network                                                   A     A          A              A        A

                                                       Michigan Plant
                                                                               BBB


                                                                                  BB


                                                                                   B


                                                                              CCC
                                                                                       Aug-17     Jul-18         Aug-19   Jul-20       Apr-21




             Chihuahua Plant




32
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                            Financial Statements




                                                                         DIVESTING
            ACTIVELY MANAGE
           THE PORTFOLIO                                                     Slower growth or                                         3-year CAGR1



                                                                                                                                       -14%
We continue to actively manage the portfolio to migrate it towards            less scalable brands
higher growth spaces and to drive shareholder returns.

In July, we completed the acquisition of Biofreeze for $1,060 million.
                                                                                IFCN
The business has already been growing at double-digit rates in
                                                                                China
recent years and we see opportunity for further growth through
product innovation and geographic expansion, and through
leveraging the Reckitt sales and marketing platform.

In September, we completed the sale of IFCN China, following a
strategic review announced in February 2021. The sale was made
to Primavera Capital Group for an implied enterprise value of
$2.2 billion. The business represented approximately 6% of Group
revenues in 2020, and had, since the beginning of 2020, been
materially dilutive to Group revenue growth and margins, reflecting
increasingly difficult market conditions.

In June, we completed the sale of Scholl to Yellow Wood Partners
for an enterprise value of £275 million. Like IFCN China, Scholl had
been dilutive to revenue growth and margin, and the fit with other
parts of our portfolio was not strong. The sale therefore brings         ACQUIRING
greater focus to our personal care portfolio.
                                                                              Higher growth                                            3-year CAGR



                                                                                                                                   +10%
Finally, in December we announced an agreement to dispose
of E45 – our skincare brand – for £200 million. This transaction              or strategically
completed on 1 April 2022.                                                    important brands
We see further opportunity to manage the portfolio towards                    Important strategic entry
higher growth over time, although we are confident in delivering              into the world’s largest
our medium-term targets with the current portfolio.                           analgesics market




INSPIRE TALENT AND EVOLVE CULTURE                                        Such focus on our culture is crucial to attracting and retaining
Underpinning our strategic imperatives is the progress we are            talent, and we are therefore pleased with our improved KPIs.
making to inspire talent and evolve our culture.                         We have for example seen a 100bps increase in Net Promoter
                                                                         Score from the LGBTQ+ community in 2021, and over 75%
Throughout 2021 we have continued to make good progress,                 of our people feel a positive impact from the Leadership
taking the best of what exists, and building for the future.             Behaviours launched in 2021. Being ‘proud to work at Reckitt’
Our Purpose, Fight and Compass have been clear for some time.            remains at a level above external benchmarks2 .
In 2021, however, we established our Leadership Behaviours
of Own, Create, Deliver and Care. These behaviours are being                      For more detail on the work we are doing
reinforced throughout the organisation. Over 600 of Reckitt’s                     around culture and inclusion, see page 46
global and regional leaders have now participated in the
leadership development programme. We continue to develop
initiatives such as our conscious inclusion programme, the Stronger
Together conversation series – our platform for sharing inspiring
and challenging stories from colleagues across the world –
                                                                         1.    2019 to 2021 CAGR. For IFCN China, Scholl and E45 2021 growth is calculated
and our employee resource groups.
                                                                               to the end of last full month of ownership by Reckitt

                                                                         2.    June 2021 Reckitt all employees survey




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                      33
     Focus on: Innovation




     INNOVATION IS A
     KEY ENABLER FOR
     SUSTAINABLE
     GROWTH

                                                                               SUPPORTING INNOVATION THROUGH FOCUSED R&D
                                                                               Our global R&D function has a strong commercial orientation,
     As a business, we work to solve some                                      prioritising high-return strategic projects. It aims to bring
     of the world’s largest problems. Through                                  differentiated products to market that are safe, effective and
                                                                               compliant and to achieve that at scale and at pace.
     research and development, science
                                                                               An international team of more than 3,000 scientists, engineers,
     and partnership, we make products that                                    technologists and experts operates in nine centres of excellence
     people have trusted for generations.                                      at 40 regional labs across our markets. Reckitt’s global hubs drive
                                                                               scale and concentrate our expertise. Our local operations keep us
     Innovation at Reckitt is delivering purpose-driven, sustainable           close to our consumers, customers and markets and allow us
     products that protect, heal and nurture, to make a meaningful             deliver targeted solutions at pace.
     difference to people’s lives. We earn the continuing loyalty and          Since 2019 we have invested an additional £100 million in our R&D
     trust of our consumers with differentiated products that offer            capability. This is already delivering results through the growth we
     superior solutions to meet their evolving needs. We want to make          are seeing in our product pipeline, a 50% increase from 2021 to
     a difference to the world through our brands.                             2022 with projects fully resourced for execution and continued
     But innovation at Reckitt doesn’t begin and end with product              momentum through to 2024.
     solutions. Innovation is a mindset, it’s rooted in our culture. There’s   And, we are improving the quality. We are delivering three times
     a restless energy here; we always want to improve. Sometimes              more value in the pipeline from disruptive innovation; that is,
     that drives top-line growth with new products and better                  innovations which represent breakthrough solutions to meet
     solutions. Sometimes it spurs process improvements that extend            consumers unmet needs. We have increased our patent filings by
     our manufacturing capacity or drive up productivity.                      30%, indicative of a more inventive and differentiated pipeline.



34
Strategic Report                                  Governance                                   Financial Statements




Our R&D function spurs innovation in three specific ways: We           We also look beyond specific brands to develop other
generate additional revenue streams by creating new products           opportunities for serving consumer needs within a specific
and strengthening their utility; our process innovations enhance       category. Our category development teams research underserved
productivity and add manufacturing capacity; and by ensuring we        segments within their category to develop our brand offerings into
deliver safe and effective solutions, R&D helps us manage risk and     new spaces. Durex, for example, was traditionally seen as a
protect base performance.                                              condom brand. The brand’s addressable market is considerably
                                                                       greater when viewed as part of the intimate wellness category.
OUR INNOVATION CAPABILITY ENABLERS                                     In Nutrition, we are adding a whole new area of growth, by taking
Consumer insights                                                      insights from our IFCN business to disrupt the adult nutrition
Our entire approach to innovation is founded on combining our rich     category. In Hygiene, we are responding to shifting consumer
human understanding with trusted science to develop solutions          expectations, such as on-the-go disinfection and cooler
which meet consumer needs. This is not just about identifying          temperatures in the auto-dish segment. In Health, a deeper
consumer preferences; we drill down to unearth the fundamental         understanding of functional and emotional benefits for consumers
science and behavioural factors driving their preferences and          is yielding innovations for delivery systems, and new
concerns. Our sensory and consumer science labs use human              pharmaceutical actives. We are also creating more choice and
insight and behavioural analytics to enrich our understanding of the   accessibility for consumers in line with regulatory changes, from
problems worth solving and ensure that consumers’ overall              prescription medicines to OTC.
experience is designed into our products. For example, we are
delivering more occasions for intimate wellness by expanding into
new materials like polyurethane condoms that deliver a different
experience of size and fit, creating more choice for consumers.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                     35
     Focus on: Innovation (Continued)




             MICROBIOME SCIENCE PLATFORM

                                                                                                                                               CASE STUDY
             Microbiome science has exploded over the last few years.        The foundational research and development we are
             Scientists have effectively discovered an entirely new          generating means we can incorporate this into products
             organ. Its impact on human health, animal health and the        now, while innovating for the future.
             environment is vast. The microbiome, the microbes that
                                                                             Vaginal biome insights have guided our focus on female
             live in us, on us and around us, is enabling entirely new
                                                                             intimate wellness. Our Queen V brand helps to restore a
             growth areas.
                                                                             balanced microbiome for women using active ingredients
             Our microbiome science team targets six biome areas:            and delivery systems. With supplements we are helping to
                                                                             drive the vaginal microflora from the inside out.
             • Upper respiratory and ear, nose and throat (ENT) biome
             • Built environmental biome                                     Research in the baby biome shows that seeding a healthy
                                                                             infant microbiome in the precious first thousand days of
             • Vaginal biome and reproductive health
                                                                             life has lasting health benefits for allergy and immunity.
             • Skin biome
                                                                             The built environmental biome studies the microbes that
             • Gut biome
                                                                             are around all of us every day. Our research here has
             • Baby biome                                                    far-reaching implications that underpin the importance of
                                                                             hygiene as the foundation of health. We are applying
             What makes the microbiome science platform so
                                                                             insights about maintaining a healthy balance between
             powerful is that the science really cuts across all areas. By
                                                                             good and bad germs to drive innovations for bio-based
             building connections between them, we are creating
                                                                             disinfectants, for instance, in the laundry segment with
             better insights and further utility for future innovations.
                                                                             laundry sanitisers.




     Science and knowledge                                                       product inside, for example, we’re combining smart-release
     Our ability to apply our science and technical knowledge to                 technology and advanced polymer design to help deliver
     consumer needs ensures our innovations are built on firm                    extended pain relief with Nurofen 12HR Ibuprofen 300mg modified
     foundations. This is at the heart of how we deliver ownable                 release tablets.
     product differentiation. Our focus on science and technology
     platforms spanning the breadth of our portfolio allows us to unlock
                                                                                 Science and technology platforms:
                                                                                 Nine interconnected, foundational disciplines with wide-ranging
     more value across the Group. We concentrate our scientific
                                                                                 applications and underlying benefit to our overall portfolio:
     research on nine interconnected, foundational disciplines that span
     our categories. These science and technology platforms have
     been selected to deepen the scientific rigour in areas that span
     across our categories and brands. A globally coordinated team of
     technical experts and scientists drive each platform.
                                                                                    Polymer science            Microbiome         Allergy and immunity
     This approach to our science and technology disciplines allows
     us to deliver more differentiation and maximises the benefits.
     Breakthroughs in polymer science, for instance, can lead to more
     sustainable packaging solutions that are widely applicable.

     Packaging is often the first experience the consumer has. Is it easy        Growth and cognition       Digestive health       Sensory enrichment
     to open? How safe is the product inside? Is it good for the
     environment? We are now able to use novel film technology to
     down gauge and light weight packaging.

     We’re also introducing consumer recycled polymers for Finish and
     Enfamil brands. The introduction of more sustainable packaging for            Surface chemistry           Entomology             Smart release
     Finish is an early real-world example of a polymer-science-led
     application. The iconic stand-up pouch for Finish tablets is now            External partnerships
     made from 30% recycled (PCR) plastic and we anticipate PCR                  The pace of play in science and technology has never been faster;
     being progressively incorporated into other brands in future. This          and consumers understand the benefit of science more than ever.
     innovation stems directly from a two-year project in polymer                We believe there are great new ideas happening in many areas
     science investigating the interaction of multiple materials.                around the world, impactful innovation concepts can come from
                                                                                 anywhere. Through our external partnering ecosystem we are able
     For Gaviscon and Harpic we’re using surface modification through
                                                                                 to access leading-edge science and technologies. Digitalisation
     coating technologies to improve shelf life. And it’s also about the
                                                                                 and collaborative networks can amplify and magnify them into



36
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                 Financial Statements




successful globally disruptive innovations. We reach out and forge    To help us to understand and evaluate these choices, we’ve
partnerships with academics, startups, suppliers and many others      developed a purpose-built Sustainable Innovation Calculator (SIC).
to share our strengths and augment our capabilities. We set out to    The calculator evaluates the sustainability impact of every new
be a committed commercial partner that co-develops, co-creates,       product versus existing products and established benchmarks.
and ultimately launches new solutions.                                Each potential innovation is rated on things like reformulation,
                                                                      packaging, ingredient quality, device optimisation and
Building scale at pace, launching in multiple markets and creating
                                                                      consumer use.
superior product experiences are key differentiators for Reckitt.
Our ecosystem is diverse. We draw on the latest developments,         There are always benefits and drawbacks to innovations and we
scientific inventions and capabilities. Our strategic supplier        weigh the impact of our decisions carefully. For example, a natural
programme gives us access to innovative new ingredients which         ingredient may score highly on one aspect of sustainability, but it
can impact how our products are used.                                 could also have a higher water impact than a synthetic ingredient;
                                                                      or, plastic packaging may actually have a lower carbon footprint
Changing regulatory conditions can influence our portfolio of
                                                                      than a composite equivalent. This is what makes the SIC so
brands. We see regulatory intelligence as a source of competitive
                                                                      powerful – it looks at all of these elements. We then use that
advantage. We are using our regulatory and medical advantage
                                                                      data to inform our overall decisions, fully understanding the
to open new markets and create new differentiated claims.
                                                                      impact of a product innovation and its implications for our
Across the portfolio, we keep abreast of developments by
                                                                      sustainability ambitions.
maintaining close relationships with regulatory, professional
and trade associations. We work with technology providers             We want consumers to trust our brands and to feel confident that
and forge links with key opinion leaders, healthcare professionals    our products are safe and cause no harm to the ecosystems or
and their networks.                                                   the people that they touched during their lifecycle. By actively
                                                                      encouraging an innovation culture which embeds sustainability
We collaborate with thought leaders to shape and advance
                                                                      as a fundamental criterion, ensuring it is always considered and
scientific understanding around consumer needs. At the University
                                                                      improvements both big and small are made at every opportunity,
of Naples for example, where one of the top thought leaders on
                                                                      we believe we will be able to deliver against our ambitions.
food and milk allergy is aiding the science of our Nutramigen
products and helping to create new medical insight and evidence.

We are highly focused on enhancing our science and technology
driven innovation by attracting high quality ideas and developing
more partnerships. This will be further cemented with the launch
of our external partnering platform in 2022.                                  NUROFEN 12HR

                                                                                                                                  CASE STUDY
Diverse ecosystem of partnerships                                             In 2021 we launched Nurofen 12HR in
                                                                              partnership with an external company using a
                       KOLs, HCPs, influencers                                modified release technology fuelled by
                           and networks                                       patented technologies which enable us to
        Regulatory,                                                           unlock enhanced consumer benefits in OTC.
   professional and
                                                      Technology              Working closely with our external partner, we
trade organisations
                                                      providers               were able to create a tablet that provides
                                                                              both fast and extended pain relief over 12hrs
                                                                              in one dose. Specially-formulated ibuprofen
                                                                              is rapidly released through disintegration
                                                                              from the outer surface of the pill to provide
                                                                              fast pain relief but also slowly diffuses
                                                                              through the polymer-based tablet allowing
                                                                              for elongated dissolution over a 12hr period.

                                                                              This type of scientific application
  Key suppliers                                        Universities           demonstrates how we can translate novel
and distributors                                       and research           physical and chemical performance into
                                                       institutes
                                                                              consumer benefit and illustrates the power
                                                                              of our external partnering programme as we
                      Startups and accelerators
                                                                              can combine our capabilities with those of
                                                                              our partners to create new innovations which
Sustainable innovation                                                        directly address the needs of people around
Sustainability is at the heart of our innovation process. We want             the world. In creating this scientific
every innovation to be more sustainable than its predecessor,                 technology, we will be able to scale and
whether it’s a small incremental change or a major new launch,                increase the positive impact across our
everything counts.                                                            portfolio of medicines to drive superior and
                                                                              differentiated innovations in other formats.
This isn’t always straightforward. Sustainability impacts are
multi-dimensional and every innovation has trade-offs.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        37
     Focus on: Digital




     STRATEGIC
     TRANSFORMATION
     IN THE DIGITAL
     ARENA

     The pandemic has driven a step-change in consumer behaviour, altering what people
     buy and how they buy it. Our employees’ ways of working are changing, and supply
     chains are less predictable. This, combined with ongoing developments in technology
     and marketing techniques, drives the need for enhanced end-to-end digital capabilities,
     and means the digital transformation of Reckitt is one of our most important opportunities.




      DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
      There are four components to our Digital transformation opportunity:




      1                                     2                                3                    4
           DRIVING BEST-IN CLASS                    EXECUTING WITH               STRENGTHENING        DIGITAL SKILL-
           DEMAND GENERATION                        E-COMMERCE                   OUR DIGITAL          BUILDING ACROSS
                                                                                 INFRASTRUCTURE       THE ORGANISATION


38
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                     Financial Statements




        AMAZON CENTRE OF GLOBAL EXCELLENCE

                                                                                                                                      CASE STUDY
        Amazon is our largest global e-commerce customer and         We’re working together in multiple areas, including
        now the second biggest customer to Reckitt globally.         collaborative lists; the global roll-out of full-funnel
        Our 30 years’ experience with the company has forged         advertising; bespoke intelligence and dashboard
        a powerful and highly functioning partnership.               capabilities; programmatic and demand-side platform
                                                                     testing; and early-stage Adtech and Martech integrations.
        We collaborate in many key areas. We work together
                                                                     To maximise our consumer reach and minimise lost
        on customer experience, channel optimisation, brand
                                                                     opportunities, we have enabled AI-led media buying
        protection, advertising and supply chain issues. We
                                                                     for more than 97% of our search spend on Amazon.
        co-plan growth strategies. And we continue to progress
        our Climate Pledge work.                                     New countries and emerging channels
                                                                     We launched in two new countries, Sweden and Poland,
        Embedding sustainability
                                                                     during 2021. For the third year in succession, we had
        Our sustainability, innovation, brand and packaging
                                                                     complementary 1P (direct) and 3P (marketplace) offerings
        solutions teams all meet regularly with Amazon to discuss
                                                                     in every country. Although relatively small launches, these
        challenges and unlock new market opportunities.
                                                                     are strategically important opportunities.
        We were an early signatory to Amazon’s Climate Pledge,
                                                                     Amazon Business, or B2B, is seen as a key growth channel
        the first consumer packaged goods company to do so.
                                                                     by the company over the next decade. Working with the
        We are now engaging on the complexities and nuances
                                                                     B2B teams based in the US, we are increasing our focus
        of implementing that in our categories. Our expertise,
                                                                     on serving business customers via their integrated
        along with Amazon’s scale and ambition, has a significant
                                                                     website and testing ways to better connect with them.
        multiplier effect.
                                                                     We must deliver a seamless consumer experience and
        On the back of these workstreams, Reckitt brand teams        plan to introduce a professional product range to meet
        are actively working to create sustainable innovations       their specific needs.
        that emphasise re-usability, compaction and reduced
                                                                     Brand protection
        air, water and packaging impacts in line with Amazon’s
                                                                     Brand protection is critical to every company. Our global
        Climate Pledge Friendly (CPF) shopping initiative. They
                                                                     and regional e-commerce legal teams partner with the
        also support Amazon’s proprietary compact by design
                                                                     Amazon brand protection team to address the thousands
        programme. So far, 86 Reckitt products are CPF-badged.
                                                                     of unauthorised sellers of our products and better protect
        Retailer advertising and media                               our consumers and our brands. We manage these sellers
        As part of our global relationship, we collaborate with      directly to further strengthen the consumer experience,
        Amazon advertising to test, identify and scale up best       and we are employing elements of AI and ML to broaden
        practices that expand the reach for Reckitt’s brands.        our scope.




OUR DIGITAL BACKBONE                                                     user experience. We were named Best Automation Centre of
                                                                         Excellence at the UiPath Automation Excellence Awards and best
Our digital infrastructure journey continued in 2021 and
                                                                         IT Opportunity-to-Deployment at The Hackett Group Awards.
our transition to the cloud is well advanced. In December,
we decommissioned the first of our three data centres and                We are charting a promising journey that will bring our data and
the remaining two will follow in 2022.                                   analytics strategy to life, unlock potential and help us outperform
                                                                         in the marketplace.
As we move to a modular, API first architecture for our technology
stack, we have invested in a modern integration layer. Its strong        In 2021, we built a machine learning model using more than 200
and agile execution capabilities earned us the Best API Strategy         internal and external real-time data signals to predict consumer
award from our strategic partner, MuleSoft.                              demand in the US for our key categories. We’ve used this to
                                                                         inform strategic, commercial and supply planning. This marks
We are adopting an automation-first culture across all functional
                                                                         a step-change in capability. We’re far more able to navigate
areas, including our shared services transformation. We have
                                                                         volatile demand. We can offer better service to our customers
introduced process mining at scale to find opportunities for
                                                                         and, ultimately, our consumers. We’re scaling up this approach
simplification and rationalisation. Automating our own technology
                                                                         in 2022 to all our key brand/market combinations.
operation has unlocked significant savings and improved




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            39
     Focus on: Digital (Continued)



     A DEEP DIVE ON E-COMMERCE                                                       •   Global media buying across our business units

     Our global e-commerce strategy today draws heavily on the                       •   A global consumer insights hub informing innovation
     lessons we learnt over the past decade in China. As the most                        and advertising
     advanced e-commerce market in the world, where online sales                     •   Our digital factory applies consumer insights to produce
     outstripped physical retail in 2021, we believe China offers a                      in-house targeted creative content
     window into the future of global online market. For example, mega
                                                                                     •   Data-driven marketing focuses on improving efficiencies
     trends such as social commerce, are already over ten times larger in
                                                                                     •   First party and second party data acquisition powers our global
     China than in the US. Taking this view globally, and using China as a
                                                                                         data strategy
     blueprint, has helped us stay agile, while gaining accelerated scale.
                                                                                     •   Direct to consumer platforms (we have around 40 D2C brand
     Our digital growth1
                                                                                         storefronts globally)
     All our territories have experienced strong double-digit growth
     in e-commerce over the last 12 months. E-commerce has more                      Our global marketing team of some 2,000 brand stewards
     than doubled its contribution to Group net revenue since 2018                   in 50 countries across all three business units supports our
     achieving c.£2.5 billion in consumer sales in 2021. That equates                digital capabilities, along with our Global Digital and Data Hub
     to 12% of total revenue. Our aim is to generate 25% of company                  in Warsaw (Poland) where 200 technology and data professionals
     revenue digitally within five years through a combination of                    are operating and advancing our backbone digital platforms.
     organic and inorganic growth.                                                   They are all plugged into Marketing Excellence, our global virtual
                                                                                     community dedicated to sharing expertise across the Group
                                                                                     and growing our global marketing capabilities.

                                                               12%         25%
             6%              7%               10%
                                                                                         Driving best-in-class demand creation
          £0.9bn            £1.1bn          £2.0bn            £2.5bn                     As part of our investment programme over the past
                                                                                         two years, and reflecting the growing importance of
                                                                                         the online channel, we have begun to scale across the
           2018              2019             2020             2021      Five-year
                                                                         ambition        business a digital demand creation excellence programme.
          Total consumer sales (sell-out estimated retail sales value)                   This has involved the development of existing core digital
          E-commerce as a percentage of Group net revenue)                               capabilities such as measurement and audience targeting,
                                                                                         and requires cross-functional up-skilling in our marketing,
     Our focus is on ensuring that we build e-commerce as a global
                                                                                         media and analytics teams.
     capability. Even in countries where Reckitt is relatively small,
     we are committed to building our e-commerce capability                              The programme has so far been rolled out to over
     to stay ahead of the curve.                                                         20 markets across each GBU, incorporating over
                                                                                         90 ‘test-and-learn’ campaigns.
     Our strategic approach
     Three areas form the core of our e-commerce strategy.                               Whilst we are still early in this journey, early signs of the
                                                                                         potential for performance uplift are encouraging. These
     First, availability and preference. E-commerce has hundreds of
                                                                                         ‘test-and-learn’ campaigns delivered significant sales uplifts
     channels and platforms, big and small, and we want to maintain
                                                                                         compared to pilot tests, and are also allowing us to generate
     first-mover advantage in them all. To do that, our brands need
                                                                                         wide playbooks, enabling the sharing best practice across
     to be present everywhere and be the most preferred brand
                                                                                         the Group. External benchmarking has also demonstrated
     in their category.
                                                                                         that, where applied, our programme has accelerated our
     Second, we are building efficiency and focusing operations through                  ‘digital maturity’ in this respect ahead of industry averages.
     the active use of data and automation. Our online consumer sales
     bring in millions of data points every day: We use this to drive
     efficiency in our advertising spend and reduce our fixed costs.                 The key drivers of growth
                                                                                     E-commerce penetration is growing across consumer-packaged
     Our investment strategy is the third component. The focus here is
                                                                                     goods. We anticipate that the market will be two to three times
     on capabilities we either cannot or do not want to build ourselves.
                                                                                     larger over the next three years and our addressable market is
     Through Access VC, our venturing division and other entities,
                                                                                     expected to grow as much as tenfold over the next five years.
     we invest in early-stage startups that either bring new capabilities
     to Reckitt or to take us to new spaces and places. So far, we have              Increasing convenience for consumers and, from that, gaining lifetime
     deployed over £80 million in capital across several startup brands.             value is a key objective. Daily-use, big-name brands like Dettol and
     Read more in our Access VC case study.                                          Finish are ideal for automated purchase. A significant number of UK
                                                                                     consumers have signed up to Amazon Subscribe & Save. These kinds
     End-to-end digital capabilities
                                                                                     of schemes are helping us transition to more predictable, repeatable
     Over the last two years we have created an end-to-end digital
                                                                                     and more easily serviceable revenue streams.
     capability that employs marketing data, automation and venturing.
     We have made a significant investment to fully integrate our CARE               As we build out from a brand-based approach and begin to think
     model (Consumer Acquisition, Retention and Expansion model).                    more in terms of categories, new opportunities are emerging.
     We analyse the data to drive six main capabilities:                             The intimate wellness category, of which the Durex brand
                                                                                     forms part, is well suited to e-commerce. By growing our digital
                                                                                     capabilities in this category we can build a data powerhouse
                                                                                     for insight and innovation. Our recent acquisition of Queen V
     1.   Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, definitions and terms are defined
                                                                                     strengthens our positioning in this category and provides more
          on page 81
                                                                                     brand-building opportunities with digitally native consumers.


40
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                           Financial Statements




Growing market share through superior execution                            Our omnichannel strategy ensures that Reckitt brands are available
Our e-commerce portfolio is highly focused on our top ten brands.          wherever the consumer requires them. Over 90% of our brands are
They account for over 80% of total e-commerce growth over the              at Amazon Fresh click-and-collect stores. At Boots and Superdrug,
last year and over 70% of total e­-commerce sales.                         our brands average 80%+ omnichannel satisfaction ratings.

We have developed a robust ratings and review process and pay              Be Fast – No one can predict the successes of the future so
close attention to consumer feedback. Machine learning helps               we maintain a strong digital presence everywhere to maximise
us identify adverse events early and respond to consumer issues.           first-mover advantage. When new channels and platforms emerge
Our online reputation has flourished, with all our core brands             we move quickly to extend our presence. This rapid expansion
achieving consistently high consumer ratings on multiple                   is helping us build scale fast through D2C, B2B, live-streaming and
platforms internationally.                                                 on social commerce.

Excellent execution is a top priority for the e-commerce team.
                                                                                                                                DTC
Amazon UK, for instance, tags over 80% of our brands as either               Amazon 1P        Tesco.com        Boots.com
                                                                                                                             Durex.co.uk
                                                                                                                                                 Getir

‘Amazon Choice’ or ‘Best Seller’. As such, they recommend our
                                                                             Amazon 2P       Waitrose.com      Chemists       Deliveroo          Dija
products via Alexa and their category searches. That drives                                                     Direct
additional traffic and strengthens our market positions.
                                                                             Amazon 3P         Asda.com         Ocado             Ebay           Zapp
Our unique operating model
Our operating model is based on what we’ve learnt from our                                                     Sainsburys
                                                                               Weezy           Morrisons                          Uber        Superdrug
e-commerce activities in China. ‘Be Big, Be Fast, Be Bold and Open’                             .com              .com

emphasises the attributes we need to fuel rapid growth and                 Channel Launch Year
energise outperformance.                                                      2011-2013      2013-2015        2015-2017     2017-2019      2019-H1 2021

Be Big – Scale provides tremendous advantages in the digital
                                                                           Be Bold and Open – Our experimentation engine is the home of
arena. Three-quarters of our e-commerce teams focus on scaled
                                                                           our moon-shot ideas. Here we partner with our colleagues in R&D
operations. They run big brands in big channels and collaborate
                                                                           and in our GBUs to launch new brands into the Reckitt portfolio.
with pure players, such as Amazon and Alibaba, to grow them into
                                                                           We also work with external partners and innovators to test
profitable end-to-end businesses. The focus here is on sustainable
                                                                           different approaches.
growth and ensuring we pursue the right earnings model.




        ACCESS VC: INVESTING IN PURPOSE-DRIVEN, DIGITALLY-LED BRANDS

                                                                                                                                                  CASE STUDY
                        Access VC is the purpose-driven                                   Oxwash: Decarbonising laundry
                        venture arm of Reckitt. Through it, we help                  Oxwash joined our accelerator programme
                        startups and founders from all walks of life                 to scale their revolutionary sustainable
                        accelerate their growth and make a bigger                    laundry service. Their laundry system
                        impact on the world. We invest in founders                   recycles and disinfects water from
        who share our purpose and want to fight for access             previous wash cycles, saving up to 60% of the water
        to better health, hygiene and nutrition.                       consumed in a typical commercial washing machine.

        Access VC is aptly named. It provides much more                Fast forward to today, and the team has expanded the
        than funding. Our partners get access to our experts,          sustainable laundry startup from one hub in Oxford with
        capabilities and global network, including research            two more, in Cambridge and London. They are now
        and development, consumer insights and ‘go-to-market’.         extending their services across the UK.
        We offer mentoring and capital resources to help them
        refine and scale their business models. Early-stage                               Kinsa: Making thermometers smart
        startups can also participate in our six-month accelerator                    Kinsa is a leader in smart thermometers
        programme, run by Founders Factory, the world’s leading                       and real-time monitoring of infectious
        startup accelerator.                                                          disease, appearing in Fast Company’s
                                                                                      listing of ‘The 10 most innovative
        Our trusted, global brands can help our partners unlock        companies in data science’. Their solution acts as an
        new markets and reach more consumers. This can result          early-warning system for preventable illnesses, helping
        in brand partnership opportunities, as well as leveraging      communities, schools and enterprises to act fast to stop
        our close relationships with some of the biggest retailers     the spread.
        on the planet.
                                                                       They are partnering with a number of Reckitt’s brands,
                                                                       including Lysol and Mucinex, to support the growth and
                                                                       application of their technology at a bigger scale.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                        41
     Focus on: Supply Chain




     MANAGING
     GLOBAL SUPPLY


                                                                            COMPLEXITY AND SCALE
                                                                            Reckitt is a global manufacturer. We sell 20 million products daily
     In our highly connected society, change                                in more than 200 markets. Well over half of our employees, over
     can be rapid, radical and unpredictable.                               20,000 people, are involved in supplying them.

     The global pandemic exposed the                                        We manage our supply globally in a highly integrated way. Each
                                                                            of our business units has adopted a single operating model that
     vulnerability of supply chains built                                   connects every stage of its supply chain with consumer priorities.
     on just-in-time, diversified and                                       These are underpinned by core capabilities which leverage the
                                                                            strength and scale of our global network.
     globalised models.
                                                                            The volatility created by the global supply chain crisis is best met
     We found out that, not just factories, but entire regions could halt   by a holistic approach to planning, with visibility across the full
     production at a moment’s notice, with profound consequences            product lifecycle to mitigate risk and maximise opportunities.
     for businesses on the other side of the world.                         This approach is helping us build a resilient, agile and efficient
                                                                            manufacturing capability.
     And on the demand side, the bar is being set higher. Today’s
     smartphone-equipped, social-media-savvy consumers expect               We maximise transparency with high-quality data and connected
     products to be available when and where they need them.                technologies. The supply function engages directly with all parts
     And they want the brands they buy to be sourced responsibly            of the business. That allows us to adapt swiftly to shifting market
     and supplied sustainably.                                              dynamics and adjust our productive capacity proactively.

     We are meeting these challenges by managing our global supply
     on a holistic basis, by acting as one Reckitt and by staying true
     to our Purpose.




42
Strategic Report                                 Governance                                        Financial Statements




  Global supply pursues five strategic priorities:




  1                           2                          3                           4                           5
  EMBRACING OUR               PROTECTING                 FUELLING GROWTH             BUILDING A                  ENABLING THE
  PURPOSE, FIGHT              OUR PEOPLE,                THROUGH                     SUSTAINABLE                 ORGANISATION WITH
  AND COMPASS IN              OUR CONSUMERS              PRODUCTIVITY AND            AND RESILIENT               SPEED AND AGILITY
  EVERYTHING WE DO            AND OUR BRANDS             UNLOCKING VALUE             END-TO-END
                                                                                     SUPPLY CHAIN
  We will meet our strategic priorities through five workstreams that began in 2020 focused on building internal capabilities and driving
  excellence. Our world-class productivity programme has provided us with the resources to reinvest into the Business and underpin these
  capabilities with new technologies.

  By strengthening our operations, improving our ways of working and increasing efficiency, we have created a more resilient supply
  organisation, creating value for our people, our customers and our consumers.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                     43
     Focus on: Supply Chain (Continued)



     QUALITY PERFORMANCE                                                               On World Quality Day, we introduced a new Quality Commitment
                                                                                       to ensure quality supports our strategy to rejuvenate sustainable
     Our continued investment into ensuring we make products people
                                                                                       growth. The Quality Commitment recognises that we can only
     love has delivered a step-change in our quality performance over
                                                                                       deliver the highest-quality products by embracing our Purpose,
     the last two years around three key metrics:
                                                                                       Fight, Compass and Leadership Behaviours in all that we do.


     27%
     overall improvement in Quality,
                                                                                       This replaces our more narrowly defined Quality Vision. The Quality
                                                                                       Commitment is about who we are as well as what we do. Everyone
                                                                                       is required to sign up to it because each of us has a personal
     as measured by a reduction in deviations1,2                                       responsibility to ensure that every interaction with our brands



     12%
                                                                                       is a positive experience.

                                                                                       To help achieve that, we’ve introduced a single Quality Manual
     reduction in Cost of Non-Quality1                                                 for all our business units and functions. Group-wide adoption
                                                                                       of the same set of processes streamlines and connects the


     11%
                                                                                       entire business. This is all underpinned by a new digital platform
                                                                                       to support our teams in meeting these high standards.
     reduction in Time to Release 1                                                    Our commitment to quality was a contributing factor in Reckitt’s
     We’re getting better products to market faster, and improving                     readmission to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index in 2021.
     our efficiency.                                                                   Our pledge to ‘do the right thing, always’ showed its value recently
                                                                                       after a spate of product recalls by the Singaporean government.
                                                                                       Seventeen brands of hand sanitiser had to be removed from sale
                                                                                       after the detection of unacceptably high levels of acetaldehyde
                                                                                       and/or methanol. Thanks to our robust processes, even at a time
     1.   Quality metrics vs 2019                                                      when sanitiser was under intense demand and our teams were
     2.   Based upon Quality Deviations metric                                         working virtually, Reckitt brands were not affected.




                BUILDING THE FACTORY OF THE FUTURE

                                                                                                                                                    CASE STUDY
                Industry 4.0 offers huge benefits for manufacturing, but
                achieving digital transformation depends on seamless
                interconnectivity. Like many manufacturers, Reckitt has
                progressively automated our processes over the years.
                We rely on technologies that are mostly factory-led and
                designed to perform specific tasks. That results in siloed
                data, which limits our ability to understand and analyse our
                activities in an integrated way.

                To quickly overcome these obstacles and move toward
                full-scale digitalisation of our factories, we decided to invest
                in a factory of the future. This had to do more than provide
                proof of concept, we wanted it to add immediate
                value, provide incremental benefits over time and be
                re-deployable at other locations.

                Each of our factories has specific requirements and differing
                technologies, but there is a shared need for connectivity.
                We teamed up with IBM to build a scalable cloud foundation
                and data backbone for running our Nottingham factory.

                We installed IoT sensors that share equipment data.
                Operators no longer need to inspect machinery. They are
                notified automatically when maintenance is due. With more          Nottingham went operational as Reckitt’s first factory of
                connectivity and improved data visibility right across the         the future in May 2021. Within a month, we were projecting
                factory, it’s far easier to understand our processes and           a 10% reduction in plant maintenance costs and a 3%
                analyse how they can be improved. And this is just the             decrease in electric power consumption. The platform-
                beginning, machine learning and predictive AI algorithms           based approach there uses consistent data and connectivity
                will boost manufacturing excellence and automate planning.         protocols, which are easily replicable at other factory sites.




44
Strategic Report                                  Governance                            Financial Statements




THE FOURTH INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION
We are using technology to help fuel growth and unlock additional


                                                                      WALMART SUPPLIER
value. Better data and connectivity are helping us get more
efficient and productive. Starting with our Nottingham plant, we’ve

                                                                      OF THE YEAR
                                                                                                                      CASE STUDY
created a fully connected environment that automates the capture,
use, analysis and sharing of data across the Group and can be
easily replicated in any factory around the world.
                                                                      In March 2021, Walmart named Reckitt its
This combines the Internet of Things (IoT), cloud technology,         2020 Supplier of the Year for consumables
networking and AI to improve safety, quality, productivity and        for a number of reasons. First and foremost,
efficiency in our manufacturing process. Individually, these          we had delivered the products Walmart
technologies are now mature enough for us to connect them             shoppers most needed in 2020. We’d
cost-effectively. These richly connected data pools will deepen       invested in improving availability while
our understanding of how our processes interact and how they          providing products to help keep shoppers
                                                                      safe during the pandemic. Our transparent
can be improved.
                                                                      communications kept us agile and able to
                                                                      provide the stores and shoppers with what
CUSTOMER EXCELLENCE                                                   they needed when they needed it. We were
In a time of unprecedented supply chain disruption, collaborating     quick to adapt our product mix in 2020 to
with customers has been essential to ensure access to our             maximise in-store availability and tested new
products. We have reconfigured our customer operating model to        replenishment models in several markets to
improve availability through improved engagement, communication       meet unconstrained demand.

and strategic supply chain solutions. By working with our customers   We also worked hard to deliver meaningful
across the supply chain, from manufacturing to customer service       insights on new shopper habits that helped
to sales, we are building aligned and tangible success measures       Walmart plan for new category dynamics
for mutually beneficial performance and growth, focused on            in 2021. Taken together, all of these efforts
consumer needs.                                                       led to increased penetration for Walmart
                                                                      in multiple categories, including surfaces,
This change in our approach has generated tangible                    immunity, air care, auto dishwashing, carpet
improvements, which have not gone unnoticed by key partners           and septic.
such as Walmart and Dollar General, and has been reflected in
industry benchmarks such as the Advantage Group 2021 survey
of retailers.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                            45
     Focus on: Culture & Inclusion




     MOVING
     FORWARD



                                                                          and achievement. Reckitt has long been recognised as a place
                                                                          where people take responsibility for making things happen.
     Our cultural transformation in support of                            That drive for delivery and innovation is now even more strongly

     Reckitt’s strategic goals is progressing                             combined with a sense of purpose. We’re responsible for our
                                                                          impact in the world and we want to make a real, positive difference.
     well. Our focus on and investments in
                                                                          There’s a groundswell of support for our Purpose, Fight and
     inclusion, wellbeing and our people are                              Compass. We are more focused than ever on fulfilling Reckitt’s
                                                                          potential. We take care of each other and recognise we all have
     inspiring and equipping them to fight for                            a part to play in making access to the highest-quality hygiene,
     a cleaner, healthier world.                                          wellness and nutrition a right, not a privilege. An inclusive,
                                                                          dynamic and collaborative culture is at the heart of our
                                                                          strategic transformation.
     EVOLVING OUR CULTURE
     In support of our strategy and to reflect our stance as a purpose-
     driven, consumer-centric business we are evolving our culture.
                                                                          LEADERSHIP AT RECKITT
                                                                          We aim, through our cultural transformation, to drive performance
     At the same time, we are continually assessing how best to enable
                                                                          through our Purpose and unleash the true potential of our people.
     and deliver exceptional business performance, while adapting to
                                                                          Leadership is key to realising our cultural ambitions and achieving
     the changing social priorities in a COVID-19-affected environment.
                                                                          sustainable outperformance.
     The cultural change underway at Reckitt builds on our best
                                                                          Using our Compass as the starting point, we’ve defined Leadership
     qualities. We’ve always been known for our dynamic culture,
                                                                          Behaviours that capture Reckitt’s uniqueness, capitalise on our
     united by a shared sense of ownership and focused on action
                                                                          strengths and stretch us where we still need to shift the dial.




46
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                 Financial Statements




                                                                             DRIVING CONSCIOUS
                                                                             INCLUSION
                                                                             In 2021, we initiated an ambitious programme
                                                                             to promote the benefits of conscious                CASE STUDY
                                                                             inclusion. Starting with our senior
                                                                             management team, this stressed the
                                                                             importance of leading inclusively and the
                                                                             significant role leaders can and must play in
                                                                             creating a more inclusive culture. The learning
                                                                             was practical, conversational and peer-
                                                                             based, providing tips and tools to ensure our
                                                                             leaders embody our Leadership Behaviours
                                                                             in an inclusive way. Almost 90% of our senior
                                                                             leaders have attended these sessions so far.

                                                                             We are now extending this programme
                                                                             across the Group to encourage all our people
                                                                             to recognise the critical role they too play in
                                                                             creating an ‘everyone’ culture. The learning
                                                                             includes e-workouts, market-wide round-
                                                                             tables and smaller team discussions.
At Reckitt, we Own, Create, Deliver and Care. Our leaders
must embody these behaviours. We grow leaders who know                       In 2022, we will continue the learning by
their business and Own their decisions while living our Purpose              embedding this philosophy into our ongoing
and Compass every day. Create reminds us to relentlessly build               leadership curriculum.
better and seek out new opportunities that put people and
consumers first.

Deliver encapsulates our commitment to superior execution.
Getting things done and joining forces to win bigger are more
important than personal kudos. We act boldly and at pace,
focusing on what matters to make things happen.

Care is about making sure we have due concern for the people         behaviours first so they can act as role models for their peers and
we work with as well as the world around us. We speak directly       colleagues. By the end of 2021, over 600 of Reckitt’s global and
with respect, actively involving, including and listening to other   regional leaders had participated in the programme.
voices, and are ready to learn from others.
                                                                     To help Reckitt leaders understand how their leadership measures
We are systematically reinforcing these behaviours through           up to these expectations, evaluation of their performance against
our people, policies and practices, including in our leadership      the behaviours and feedback from their teams is part of their
development curriculum, all-employee survey and personal             annual performance reviews.
development tools.

Our leadership development ethos is that leaders grow leaders.
We made sure senior leaders understood and adopted the




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                       47
     Focus on: Culture & Inclusion (Continued)



                                                                                STRONGER TOGETHER
                                                                                Since launching with a five-year commitment in June 2020, our


             GENDER PAY REPORTING
                                                                                global Stronger Together conversation series has continued to
                                                                                create opportunities for sharing inspiring and challenging stories




                                                                   CASE STUDY
                                                                                from our colleagues across the world. Sometimes tough to hear,
             In the United Kingdom, gender pay reporting                        these allow us to understand each other better and build shared
             is a legal requirement. This reporting                             awareness to create a more inclusive environment.
             highlights any difference between the
             average hourly wages of the company’s                              We ran seven live global events in 2021, reaching almost 30,000
             male and female employees in the UK.                               people, with more watching later on demand. Invited guests and
             We see this as a welcome move towards                              colleagues shared their experiences. Many colleagues have shared
             equality and transparency.                                         deeply personal stories in this global setting, with many more
                                                                                sharing their stories in local Stronger Together conversations.
             In 2020, Reckitt was one of the first UK
             companies to start reporting on a global                           The raw vulnerability and courage shown by colleagues in telling
             basis. We now share data on our nine largest                       their real stories have prompted increased awareness and
             markets, covering over 70% of our working                          understanding.
             population. For further information see our
                                                                                These global conversations have been integral to building
             2021 Gender Pay Report at www.reckitt.com/
             sustainability/fairer-society/gender-pay.
                                                                                an increased level of trust across all areas of the organisation.
                                                                                They underpin and are a key part of our strategy to build a more
                                                                                inclusive culture through the power of storytelling, education
                                                                                and allyship.

                                                                                Stronger Together conversations are now held at regular intervals
                                                                                within markets to deepen the level of understanding, empathy
                                                                                and trust amongst colleagues.

                                                                                In 2021, to complement and build on the Stronger Together
                                                                                series, we launched leader-led conscious inclusion conversations
                                                                                within every team across the organisation. These peer-to-peer
                                                                                discussions encourage individuals to raise awareness of their
                                                                                own behaviours and be consciously inclusive through discussion
                                                                                of concepts such as reducing bias and micromessaging.


                                                                                EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS (ERGS)
                                                                                ERGs are employee networks that aim to raise the profile of
                                                                                under-represented people. They provide a space for colleagues
                                                                                to connect and support each other. They are represented
     A DIVERSE, INCLUSIVE CULTURE                                               on the Global Inclusion Board and provide input on consumer
     Our ambitions for a cleaner, healthier world are advanced in a             perspectives which inform our innovation process.
     fairer society. By embracing our diversity we help build a more
                                                                                ERGs are open to all and welcome anyone who wants to advance
     inclusive world.
                                                                                their interests, either as a member of their community or as an
     We are nearly 40,000 people of 120 different nationalities.                ally. There are currently three global ERGs; they focus on gender
     We operate in 60 countries that span six continents. Inclusion             balance, the LGBTQ+ community, and race and ethnicity. We also
     is fundamental to our success, both internally and externally.             have a global disability working group which is moving to a global
                                                                                ERG in 2022. We anticipate additional global ERGs may be formed
     We are actively creating an environment where all colleagues feel
                                                                                in the future as needed. Colleagues are also encouraged to set
     able to participate fully, bring their best self to work, and realise
                                                                                up local ERGs to represent the needs of local communities
     their potential. And Reckitt is better placed to have a positive
                                                                                in their market.
     impact in the world when we represent and reflect the diversity
     of the consumers and communities we serve, globally and locally.

     Our Global Inclusion Board, chaired by our CEO, is made up of
     senior leaders and sponsors of our Employee Resource Groups
     (ERGs). Together, they set and drive our inclusion agenda. The
     Board is accountable for strategic delivery, governance, monitoring,
     reporting and communication.

     Our inclusion strategy rests on six pillars. The work we’re doing
     on the leadership, people and policy pillars helps ensure we are
     building an inclusive culture internally. Externally, our inclusive
     approach to procurement, brands and partnerships aligns what
     we do with who we are.




48
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                       Financial Statements




SUPPORTING AND ENHANCING OUR COLLEAGUES’ WELLBEING
In 2021, we intensified our focus on colleagues’ personal and
professional wellbeing with two clear aims. Firstly, we want to
equip all employees with the mental and physical resources to
thrive by building awareness and resilience through self-care and
education. We also focused on increasing resilience in our leaders
to help them sustain performance, individually and collectively.

To realise these ambitions, we have teamed up with leading global
performance partners and an organisation that focuses on mental
health. Together, we delivered bespoke wellbeing resources
including 1:1 and group performance coaching, training, social
learning events and access to resources via digital apps. We also
                                                                             US achieves top ranking in Corporate Equality Index
hosted global wellbeing sessions on balance, mental health and
                                                                             At Reckitt, we’ve made it our priority to foster a more diverse,
the importance of managing mental energy. Almost 10,000
                                                                             equitable and inclusive culture that provides every individual
colleagues attended and the feedback was very positive.
                                                                             with a genuine sense of belonging. The efforts we’ve made,
                                                                             particularly in 2021, earned us a score of 95 out of 100 on the
                                                                             Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2022 Corporate Equality
                                                                             Index (CEI).

                                                                             An important benchmarking survey and report in the US, the
                                                                             CEI measures corporate policies and practices related to
                                                                             LGBTQ+ workplace equality. This marks the third year Reckitt
                                                                             has participated.




        FUTURE OF WORK GUIDANCE

                                                                                                                                      CASE STUDY
        In March 2020, we implemented a rapid switch to remote       Our approach is flexible, focusing on what is delivered,
        working where practical and possible. This abrupt change     not when or where. We ask colleagues to consider,
        enabled many to experience the benefits, and challenges,     on a case-by-case basis, which activities and projects
        of working remotely. We quickly set up the Reckitt Future    are better achieved by being physically present and which
        of Work programme to explore and ensure we are ready         merit screen-based interaction.
        for how the workplace might evolve.
                                                                     In the physical workplace, we’re moving away from
        Our aim is to create a seamless, inclusive workplace         a 1-to-1 desk-to-colleague ratio to a contemporary,
        experience that empowers colleagues with choice about        open-plan layout with bookable desks in designated
        how and where they work. We encourage our people             areas. More space is given over to collaboration, enabling
        to consider how the four Cs of Connect, Create, Coach        the four Cs to flourish and helping us truly be one Reckitt.
        and Collaborate shape their working lives at Reckitt.
                                                                     Our working environment needs to reflect and embed
        We encourage colleagues to find a working pattern
                                                                     our Purpose, Compass and culture, focusing on wellbeing
        that works for them and is aligned with their team,
                                                                     and inclusion while also meeting the diverse needs of
        our business and consumers’ needs.
                                                                     colleagues across our many geographical cultures. We’re
                                                                     building virtual and physical spaces with a diverse set of
                                                                     tools, both digital and physical, that meet these needs.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            49
     Stakeholder Engagement




     MAPPING WHAT
     MATTERS                                                                                                                    Corporate Citizenship last conducted an assessment on our behalf
                                                                                                                                in 2018. Since then, we’ve been on a journey of transformation. Not
     As a purpose-led business we aim to                                                                                        only that, the world has changed enormously: the global pandemic,

     maximise returns for all our stakeholders.                                                                                 rapid technological advances and changing social attitudes have
                                                                                                                                all had a huge impact on global culture in recent years.
     That creates impact for the business and
                                                                                                                                We wanted this materiality exercise to include double materiality
     through the business.                                                                                                      analysis, as recommended by the Global Reporting Initiative’s
                                                                                                                                latest best practice guidelines. This considers both the impact
     We engage with stakeholders across our business to get the                                                                 of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues on us
     broadest picture of what they want from us and how we can                                                                  (our financial materiality) and our own ability to impact key ESG
     respond. Stakeholders tell us what matters most to them. Those                                                             issues (our impact materiality). This perspective was built into
     insights help us better meet their needs, and improve our approach.                                                        each stage of the materiality process.

                                                                                                                                Nineteen material ESG topics were prioritised, chosen for their
     OUR 2021 MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT                                                                                            topicality and relevance. Precise wording was agreed internally.
     In August 2021, we asked Corporate Citizenship to conduct                                                                  Interviews and surveys were then conducted on these subjects
     a materiality assessment to identify, prioritise and contextualise                                                         with both internal and external stakeholders.
     the key risks and opportunities for the business and inform
     strategic decision-making. The assessment was built on an earlier                                                          Internally, Corporate Citizenship conducted ten interviews with
     assessment conducted by the company on our behalf. We wanted                                                               Reckitt leaders and did a detailed survey of 76 employees, who
     to quantify the changes and developments in stakeholders’                                                                  are broadly representative of the workforce as a whole. Externally,
     perceptions of risk and their expectations of Reckitt as                                                                   they consulted with customers, suppliers, investors, peers, opinion
     an organisation.                                                                                                           leaders, NGOs and industry associations. There were detailed
                                                                                                                                interviews with ten external stakeholders; 20 more responded
                                                                                                                                to surveys.




     RECKITT’S 2021 MATERIALITY MATRIX
     Materiality matrix showing the priority of issues in terms of the view of the business and the view of stakeholders:


                                                                                                                                                      High   1. Climate change
                                                                                                                                                             2. Product quality & safety
                                                                                                                                                  1
                                                                                                                                                             3. Packaging & waste
                                                                                                            3




     Importance to stakeholders (low  high)
                                                                                                                                                             4. Advancing global health & hygiene
                                                                                                                                            2                5. Ethical business conduct
                                                                                                                                   4                         6. Sustainable product innovation
                                                     15
                                                                                        11                  7                                                7. Public health challenges
                                                                                                        8                                                    8. Labour & human rights
                                                                                                                9                           5                9. Supply chain management
                                                                                                                                        6
                                                                                 14                                                                          10. Employee health, safety & wellbeing
                                                                                             13             12             10
                                                                                                                                                             11. Water
                                                                                                                                                             12. Diversity, equity & inclusion
                                                               18
                                                                                                                                                             13. Responsible governance
                                                                                                                                                             14. Ingredients
                                                                                                                    16                                       15. Biodiversity & ecosystems impacts
                                                          19
                                                                                                                                                             16. Talent management & employee development
                                                                                                                                                             17. Data privacy & cybersecurity
                                                                                                                                  17                         18. Contributing to local communities
                                               Low                                                                                                           19. Sales & marketing practices
                                                                           Impact on the business (low  high)

                                                                    Reckitt’s impact:        Low   Medium           High




50
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                   Financial Statements




They analysed these responses to rank the key issues of concern
and develop a materiality matrix reflecting internal and external
                                                                         SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
                                                                         In 2015, UN Member States adopted the 17 Sustainable
perspectives on sustainability topics and their relative significance
                                                                         Development Goals (SDGs) as part of the 2030 Agenda for
to Reckitt and our stakeholders. Points are ranked by colour to
                                                                         Sustainable Development. At Reckitt, we recognise the impact we
indicate the perceived significance of our impact on each issue.
                                                                         can have for society on many of these goals. There are five SDGs
Climate change has become more important and we have been                where our impact can be greatest. These embody the work of our
working with climate risk specialists, Risilience and Cambridge          brands and our business as a whole, through our value chains and
Centre for Risk Studies (CCRS) within the Judge Business School          in our partnerships.
at the University of Cambridge, to assess our climate change risks
                                                                         We are also progressing the SDGs through our brands. We have
and opportunities. For further information please see page 66 and
                                                                         reorientated each of our brands to give it a distinct purpose that is
our Climate Change Insight.
                                                                         aligned with an SDG. See page 54 for more on purpose-led brands.

KEY FINDINGS                                                             Progress on the five SDGs where we have greatest impact is
                                                                         detailed below:
Reckitt’s most material issues are closely aligned with our 2030
strategy, which suggests that our stakeholders think we are                                  SDG2: Zero hunger
prioritising the right things. They didn’t see any major gaps in                             In infant nutrition we focus on the first 1,000
strategy and recognised that we’ve made significant strides over                             days of life. Our products keep mothers healthy
the past two years.                                                                          and nourish their babies. In line with World
                                                                                             Health Organization (WHO) guidelines, we
There was a shift in our most material issues, however with Climate
                                                                                             promote exclusive breastfeeding in the first
change overtaking Product quality & safety.
                                                                         six months. Protecting people against malnutrition and stunting
Our stakeholders view action on climate change as a must-have.           is a key theme for our social impact investment programme.
Three of the top four issues where we were thought to have the
                                                                                            SDG3: Good health and well-being
biggest (positive or negative) impact – Packaging & waste, Climate
                                                                                            This goal is closely aligned with our Purpose
change and Sustainable product innovation – were environmental.
                                                                                            and, as the Business Avenger for SDG3,
We are now closely identified with our Purpose. Not only was                                we are championing swifter progress in the
Advancing global health and hygiene commonly viewed as one                                  private sector. Many of our brands play a role
of our biggest societal impacts, it was also seen as fundamental                            in promoting health and wellbeing. They
to the successful delivery of our mission, and therefore intrinsically   include Durex, Dettol, Gaviscon and Mucinex, as well as Lysol
linked to our financial value.                                           and our Mortein insecticide products. The pandemic has ensured
                                                                         this has been a focus throughout 2021.
Non-negotiable ESG issues like Product quality & safety and Ethical
business conduct continue to be among our most material issues.                              SDG5: Gender equality
Stakeholders referenced previous product recalls, and the volatile                           Promoting gender equality is enshrined in our
nature of public perception of consumer goods companies. Some                                employment policies and in our social impact
also believed that our repositioning as a health company means                               programmes. Our employment policies
that we will face more intense scrutiny.                                                     drive gender equality in our teams. We have
                                                                                             mentoring schemes for female employees,
Employee issues are higher up the agenda. Employee health, safety
                                                                         gender-balanced shortlists and proportional targets at senior
& wellbeing and Diversity, equity & inclusion were both seen as
                                                                         management level. We report internationally on gender pay.
more material this year.
                                                                         We have set up social impact projects to encourage girls to stay
Supply chain issues have also become more material to the                in school in South Africa and equip women in rural communities.
business. There was a notable shift of Labour & human rights
                                                                                            SDG6: Clean water and sanitation
and Supply chain management to the right of the matrix.
                                                                                            Our Harpic, Dettol and Lysol brands are closely
Biodiversity is not yet perceived as a business priority, but                               associated with programmes emphasising the
many external stakeholders did say they see this as the next                                importance of good sanitation and hygiene. In
big emerging issue, with increasing public awareness and                                    partnership with Water.org and WaterAid, our
nature-based financial disclosures anticipated in coming years.                             Mission Paani and Banega Swasth campaigns
                                                                         improve access to water and sanitation, building community
                                                                         awareness of health and hygiene. Publicity campaigns emphasise
                                                                         conserving water and ensuring sustainable sources for future
                                                                         generations by building water-harvesting systems in villages.

                                                                                              SDG13: Climate action
                                                                                              We are accelerating delivery of our contribution
                                                                                              to the Paris Climate Change Agreement to
                                                                                              keep global warming to below 1.5°C. This is
                                                                                              a major milestone in our ambition for carbon
                                                                                              neutrality by 2040, a decade ahead of the
                                                                         world’s goal of 2050. We will reduce carbon emissions from our
                                                                         sites by 65% and power our operations with 100% renewable
                                                                         electricity by 2030, while also reducing our products’ footprint.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          51
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)




     BUILDING PARTNERSHIPS
     WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     Incorporating stakeholder voices into our decision-making improves our ability to develop
     as a purpose-led business. We don’t have all the answers – we reach out to stakeholders
     to find out what they think and to learn from and deliver with them, as well as to
     strengthen long-term relationships.


     ALIGNING PURPOSE
                                                                             Whether online or offline, our aim is the same. We seek to identify
                                                                             strategic synergies, promote purpose-led innovation and invest in



     AND STRATEGY WITH
                                                                             partnerships and networks.




     OUR CUSTOMERS
                                                                                 Refreshing our approach to responsible marketing
                                                                                 We feel an imperative to guide our employees, stakeholders
                                                                                 and partners on responsible marketing. Central to this approach
                                                                                 is our commitment to comply with relevant local, national
     HOW WE ENGAGE WITH CUSTOMERS                                                or international marketing standards, laws and regulations,
     We aim to build mutually beneficial partnerships with retailers,            including being guided by industry self-regulatory best
     founded on common purpose and strong structural relationships.              practices. When our existing Ethical Marketing Principles
                                                                                 were initially created in 2015, we had not yet embedded brand
     We coordinate these relationships globally, regionally or nationally,
                                                                                 Purpose and Sustainability into Reckitt, as we have today. Nor
     depending on the customer profile. We hold top-to-top meetings
                                                                                 had we fully foreseen the growing importance of Digital, and
     to articulate shared objectives and define common purpose.
                                                                                 its multiple channels for marketers to speak with consumers.
     We support this work with joint workshops to agree strategy
                                                                                 Brands now have far greater amounts of consumer Information,
     and action plans.
                                                                                 with the responsibility to source and sort this data responsibly
     Operationally, we provide ongoing multi-disciplinary support. Our           to ensure consumer trust. That is why we have recently adopted
     customers can call on category, shopper, sustainability, operational,       a new ‘Responsible Marketing Principles and a ‘Responsible
     channel and format, and regional specialists. Our sales teams and           Marketing Policy’. These apply to all brands, all audiences and
     specialists act as advocates, advancing customers’ interests within         all communications or activities irrespective of nature or media
     the company.                                                                type (such as sponsorships, promotions, packaging, in store,
                                                                                 on or offline, TV, radio, print, outdoor, cinema, websites, blogs,

     CUSTOMER PARTNERSHIPS                                                       influencer marketing, social media or sponsored content,
                                                                                 AI, connected packaging, banners, educational material).
     Globally, our major physical trading channels include hypermarkets
     and supermarkets, pharmacies, drug stores, traditional trade and            We are rolling out of the new Principles and Policy to ensure
     emerging trade (including discounters, convenience stores, mother           effective adoption. This is why we’re investing in a robust
     and baby stores, and travel and speciality retail). Online, we have         training and change management module, so that the
     well over 1,000 e-commerce retailers. Our brands are on all the             employees impacted by this Policy understand what is required
     main portals, and we also trade via marketplace platforms, through          of them. Completion of the Responsible Marketing training
     physical retailers’ digital channels and via e-pharmacy outlets.            will be mandatory to all marketeers and available to all Reckitt
                                                                                 employees. We’ll systematically measure compliance of the
     Online presence is increasingly important. Most large retailers have
                                                                                 Policy through established key performance indicators. We
     pivoted towards omnichannel strategies. We are matching this
                                                                                 continue to process and monitor on an ongoing basis consumer,
     change with an omnichannel approach to category and customer
                                                                                 customer and employee feedback on our marketing, for
     engagement and by developing e-commerce-specific supply chains.
                                                                                 example through our consumer care lines or our Speak Up Line.
     In e-commerce, we have a more reciprocal relationship. Digital
     customers promote and sell our brands through online channels.
     When we sell more through their channels we often spend more
     on media space.



52
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                   Financial Statements




PARTNERING ON SUSTAINABILITY WITH PURPOSE-LED BRANDS                    3. Climate action and responsible sourcing.
                                                                        On climate, Reckitt was an early signatory to Amazon’s Climate
The global sustainability team works closely with global and local
                                                                        Pledge, committing us to net-zero emissions by 2040. We now
sales teams. We are developing joint business plans with priority
                                                                        sell over 80 products that are labelled as Climate Pledge Friendly
customers that recognise the value of collective action on
                                                                        on Amazon.
sustainability. Our sustainability partnerships with key retailers
have four main pillars:                                                 Walmart’s Project Gigaton sustainability initiative seeks to reduce
                                                                        emissions in the global value chain by a billion metric tonnes by
1. Packaging innovation
                                                                        2030. We’ve been designated a Giga-Guru for the work we’ve
We are designing more sustainable packaging for both physical
                                                                        done to reduce and report on our greenhouse gas emissions.
outlets and e-commerce platforms. We are working with Amazon
to develop compact by design-certified products with lighter,           With retailers, we are also focusing increasingly on biodiversity,
more sustainable packaging.                                             responsible sourcing across shared supply chains, co-designing
                                                                        for lower water and/or carbon product footprint, and climate
•   Airborne has reduced the size of chewable Vitamin C tablets
                                                                        action. We shared platforms at COP26 with a number of our
    and removed secondary cardboard packaging, reducing weight
                                                                        retail customers to draw attention to climate change and health,
    for e-commerce sales. These and other packaging changes
                                                                        the ways we can influence behaviour to combat climate change,
    deliver sustainability aims for us and our customers.
                                                                        and how businesses can support biodiversity.
•   Air Wick has introduced new packaging in the Liquid Electricals
    range, saving over 500 tonnes of plastic.                           4. Purpose-led brands
                                                                        We are partnering with retailers to build shopper awareness and
•   Durex has redesigned its 100ml Durex Play lube bottles to use
                                                                        engagement with sustainability through our purpose-led brands.
    less plastic and replaced non-recyclable pumps with flip caps.
                                                                        We work together to encourage purpose-led behaviour change
    They now use fully recyclable bottles made from 100%
                                                                        and raise the profile of purpose-led products.
    post-consumer recycled (PCR) plastic.
•   Harpic Essentials packaging now includes 35% PCR.                   With Walmart, for example, we developed omnichannel
                                                                        promotions to raise consumer awareness of water-reduction
We have set up co-branded recycling stations at some retail
                                                                        strategies alongside the Finish Skip the Rinse campaign. There
stores. In the UK, we’re recycling PVC blisterpacks from
                                                                        were in-store displays with video walls, we created a ‘.com’ hub
pharmaceutical tablets together with Superdrug.
                                                                        for Walmart and Reckitt traffic, and we complemented this with
We are exploring different refill and reuse models. One example         push notifications on mobile phones.
is Loop, TerraCycle’s reuse and refill platform. Reckitt has signed
up to Tesco’s Loop programme. Tesco now sells Finish tablets in
reusable, stainless steel containers. Each container is cleaned and
returned to shelves for re-sale. The system is available in-store in
the UK

Finish has replaced its hard-to-recycle multi-material (PET and PE)
pouches with a fully recyclable pouch. The PE-based design won
a UK packaging award. We have also increased the amount of
recycled plastic (PCR) in our Finish recyclable pouches.

Lysol SMART kits are reducing plastic pollution by delivering
the product in a bottle system that works with refill cartridges.
The bottle is designed to be reused at least 25 times, resulting in
a 75% plastic saving compared to standard delivery mechanisms.

2. Better ingredients
Our focus here is on reducing chemical footprints, creating
products with lower quantities of chemical components
and innovating to introduce safe, effective products using
natural ingredients.

We share Walmart’s commitment to reducing its chemical
footprint. We are collaborating to reduce chemicals of
high concern.

Where possible, we’re replacing synthetic with natural ingredients.
Botanical Origin’s nature clean formula uses botanically based
active ingredients. Its plastic packaging is fully recyclable
and made from 50% recycled materials. Finish 0% is free from
preservatives, fragrances and phosphates, and has a much
lower chemical footprint. Gaviscon’s naturally sourced GaviNatura
heartburn and indigestion relief range is providing natural solutions
to gastric symptoms.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                       53
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)




     PUTTING CONSUMERS FIRST
                                                                                We want people everywhere to trust our brands. By reaching
                                                                                more people in more places we grow our business and increase
                                                                                our impact. We do that by gaining and retaining people’s trust.
                                                                                That trust is hard-earned and easily lost.
     HOW WE ENGAGE WITH CONSUMERS
     Today’s consumers want quality and value, but they also want
     to know that the products they buy and the businesses they buy
                                                                                PURPOSE-LED BRANDS
                                                                                Our purpose-led brands are at the front line of that fight. We sell
     them from reflect their values. Many expect manufacturers to play
                                                                                20 million products a day worldwide. They are helping us improve
     a leading role in reducing global warming.
                                                                                the lives of the people we serve, our consumers, their families and
     Sustainability is increasingly relevant for shoppers. Many are             their communities through better hygiene, health and nutrition.
     actively prioritising it and favouring purposeful brands. Parents
                                                                                We work to forge emotional connections with consumers through
     are passing that message on to the next generation.
                                                                                brands that reflect their values. Rooting our brands in purpose




     86%
                                                                                supports our sustainability ambitions. Even small changes in
                                                                                consumer behaviour can have a big impact.

                                                                                Consumers want products that are safe and effective. They also
                                                                                want to know they’re sustainable and responsibly sourced. We’re
                                                                                reducing and improving our packaging and the chemicals in our
                                                                                products. We’re strengthening our commitments on climate
                                                                                change, biodiversity, human rights and the circular economy.
     of parents care about sustainability
     and try to convey this to their children                                   Every brand has a purpose which connects it to a United Nations
     (Source: Kantar, What does                                                 Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) where it can have most
     sustainability mean to parents                                             impact. The Vanish brand purpose for example, ‘helping clothes
                                                                                live many lives’, is centred on SDG12, responsible consumption and
     as shoppers?, 2020)
                                                                                production. Lysol’s purpose, ‘keeping your loved ones illness-free’,
                                                                                progresses SDG3, good health and well-being. For Air Wick,
     As a purpose-led company, we want to make things better.
                                                                                ‘connecting people to nature’ prioritises SDG15, life on land.
     We exist to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless pursuit
     of a cleaner, healthier world. We are fighting to make access              A brand’s purpose drives every aspect of its strategy. It informs
     to the highest-quality hygiene, wellness and nourishment a right,          personality, values, behaviour, sustainability strategy and diversity
     not a privilege.                                                           and inclusion commitments. Anchoring strategy in purpose helps
                                                                                drive innovation, triggering new products, services and business
     Our Compass guides us and the behaviours we adopt.
                                                                                models. It also makes our brands more relevant for new target
     Putting consumers and people first is a guiding principle.
                                                                                audiences and new partners.




             VANISH – HELPING CLOTHES LIVE MANY LIVES

                                                                                                                                               CASE STUDY
             As the British Fashion Council’s Garment Care Partner          ‘Generation Rewear’ is working to stop fashion waste.
             Vanish was active in 2021 in helping to promote                They are buying pre-loved garments, wearing clothes
             sustainable fashion in line with the brand’s purpose           longer and repurposing the clothes in their wardrobes.
             of helping clothes live many lives.
                                                                            Vanish is also encouraging people to think more
             More circularity in the fashion industry is urgently needed.   sustainably about how they wash their clothes. Vanish
             After oil and gas, it’s one of the world’s most polluting      products provide better performance at low temperatures
             industries. It’s responsible for 4% of all global carbon       than detergents alone. Cold wash cycles can double the
             emissions. Much of that comes from consumers. We               useful life of clothing, avoiding premature garment
             dispose of clothing far too quickly. Shockingly, a rubbish     disposal while saving money and energy.
             truck-sized load gets incinerated or goes to landfill every
                                                                            Finally, the brand has become the founding partner of the
             single second.
                                                                            Circular Fashion Ecosystem (CFE) project with the Institute
             Vanish’s three-part documentary co-produced with               of Positive Fashion to share knowledge with our fashion
             the British Fashion Council champions the designers,           partners. The CFE aims provide an action-oriented
             entrepreneurs and everyday people at the forefront             blueprint for the future of fashion and accelerate
             of the sustainable fashion revolution.                         the transition towards a circular fashion economy.




54
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                    Financial Statements




INSPIRING TALENT AND
                                                                         Initiative-specific champions and ambassadors provide expert
                                                                         input and guidance on current issues. We regularly canvas opinion



EVOLVING OUR CULTURE
                                                                         to take the temperature of the organisation and to bring to the
                                                                         surface any issues or concerns. Our all-employee online survey
                                                                         is a key tool for that.


HOW WE ENGAGE WITH OUR PEOPLE                                            Annual performance appraisals give employees the opportunity
                                                                         to offer more detailed feedback on team leaders. Our internal
There are nearly 40,000 of us at Reckitt; colleagues of all ages,
                                                                         grievance process and confidential whistle-blower service provide
backgrounds, identities and beliefs. We come from all over the
                                                                         alternative mechanisms to raise concerns through formal channels.
world; more than 120 nations are represented. This diversity is a
tremendous source of strength. It enriches our thinking and helps        Senior leaders encourage colleague conversations to communicate
us connect with our consumers across the globe.                          and ensure understanding of our strategy, involve employees
                                                                         and understand their concerns. Our CEO sets the tone. His online
We want to tap into this strength by promoting an inclusive culture
                                                                         presentation in March to introduce our new brand internally
where everyone is heard and every voice matters. For more on this
                                                                         included a lengthy Q&A live-streamed by over 9,000 employees
see Focus on: Culture & Inclusion on pages 46 to 49.
                                                                         and viewed later by many more. He posts regular email updates
Speaking direct with respect is a cornerstone of our culture here        and hosts multi-level focus groups, virtual sofa chit-chats and the
at Reckitt. Fostering transparent conversations with and among           Stronger Together conversation series. Members of the group
colleagues is critical. Globally and locally, we use a range of          executive leadership team take the lead on specific topics and
mechanisms to learn what our colleagues are really thinking, from        participate in virtual and on-site townhall meetings with colleagues
in-depth conversations on specific topics to Group-wide surveys.         across the globe.

Colleagues are encouraged to submit ideas and vote on proposals          Our new brand has been well received internally. It reflects our
through our Freedom to Succeed forum. Their thinking informs             status as a purpose-led organisation with a long and rich heritage
strategy and triggers action. For instance, in June we followed up       and is helping us to inspire our people and evolve our culture.
the launch of our 2030 sustainability ambitions with a call for ideas.
                                                                         We maintain online connectivity through Rubi, our intranet.
We received nearly 300 suggestions back, many of them excellent.
                                                                         We also publish a fortnightly newsletter internally. We have an
These were passed on to relevant teams for assessment and
                                                                         active presence on social media and use those channels to share
further action.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         55
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)


     rich content, spark topical discussions and present business                   As inspired by our Purpose, Fight and Compass: 85% of
     updates. With over 970,000 followers of Reckitt, LinkedIn is a key             respondents are personally committed to making access to the
     platform for sharing news and topics of interest, and an important             highest-quality hygiene, wellness and nourishment a right, not a
     recruitment channel. We’re also active on Facebook, where we                   privilege. They are proud to work for the company and identify
     have 97,000 followers, and we also have 20,000 on Twitter and                  strongly with our culture of achievement. There is also strong
     11,500 on Instagram. These numbers continue to grow.                           appreciation for the company’s investments in wellbeing and
                                                                                    sustainable high performance.
     WHAT THEY TELL US                                                              Overall, our leaders are thought to be performing well. Colleagues
     We conducted an all-employee survey in June 2021 using the                     scored leadership highly in all categories. The highest leadership
     LinkedIn survey tool, Glint. Reckitt originally adopted Glint for              scores registered were for decisiveness, Purpose and speaking
     employee feedback and insights in 2020. We included all 31                     direct with respect.
     questions asked in 2020 in this year’s survey, so we could do
     year-on-year comparisons.                                                      The survey also highlighted some areas for improvement.
                                                                                    Colleagues are very supportive of the company’s journey to a
     There was an extra question this year on barriers to execution and             more inclusive culture, but want more equal opportunities for
     17 more questions examining how our leaders are living up to our               development and better recognition of their efforts. There is also
     desired Leadership Behaviours (see Focus on: Culture & Inclusion               a view that barriers to execution are sometimes high; we need
     on pages 46 to 49 for more on these). We also requested optional               to have more simplified processes and automation that will help
     demographic information in seven key markets to inform our                     a more efficient response.
     inclusion strategy.

     There was strong engagement in the survey globally. Over 74%
     of our global workforce responded and there were some 25,000
     comments. Analysing these highlighted relative strengths and
     areas where we can improve.




     “Understanding where                                 In my role as the designated NED for employees, I facilitate the Board’s access to employee
                                                          views to enrich boardroom discussions by ensuring colleagues’ priorities and concerns are
     colleagues are coming from                           shared with and understood by the Board.
     helps us get where we want                           Direct conversations can help the Board gauge the strength and depth of feeling on a range
     to be.”                                              of issues. At the same time, we aim not to duplicate the company’s own extensive internal
                                                          engagement efforts, which are regularly and openly shared with the Board.

     Mary Harris                                          I and the full Board elicit employees’ perspectives through a combination of formal and
                                                          informal channels that exist in the Business. For example, the Board reviewed the 2021
     Designated Non-Executive Director
                                                          all-employee survey, along with other talent and culture metrics.
     for engagement with the
     company’s workforce                                  Additionally, in September the Board conducted formal listening sessions with employees.
                                                          Groups of colleagues from a wide range of backgrounds met up, in person and virtually, with
                                                          Board members to discuss topics such as inclusion, consumer focus, innovation and R&D,
                                                          business transformation and sustainability.

                                                          Along with other Board members, I visited the Nottingham, UK factory to gain direct
                                                          experience of the manufacturing facility and talk to colleagues on site. In addition,
                                                          I attended the seven Stronger Together conversations held in 2021 to hear first-hand
                                                          the experience of Reckitt colleagues across the world. Diversity and inclusion were
                                                          increasingly prevalent themes this year and sustainability continues to be seen as both
                                                          urgent and important.

                                                          The Board factors the effect on employees into our deliberations and decisions. We
                                                          regularly consider specific, employee-related issues, including engagement, turnover and
                                                          attrition rates, talent, inclusion, broader reward frameworks and gender pay gap reporting.
                                                          The inclusion of environmental, social and governance (ESG) as a reward metric in our
                                                          proposed Directors’ Remuneration Policy is in direct response to employee as well as
                                                          shareholder feedback. This year, among other issues, we also discussed Reckitt’s role in
                                                          our planned COP26 partnership, which was extremely important to the business and our
                                                          colleagues, and the impact on them of the IFCN China divestment.

                                                          Our colleagues are invaluable in helping us identify both current and upcoming issues; not
                                                          least because the people that work here are consumers and citizens too. Listening to what
                                                          they say and acting on what they tell us is helping Reckitt fulfil its Purpose and stay relevant
                                                          in a changing world.




56
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                   Financial Statements




BUILDING A RESPONSIBLE AND
                                                                       We are developing human rights programmes across our value
                                                                       chain and will have detailed action plans in our ten key markets



RESILIENT SUPPLY CHAIN
                                                                       by 2030. We’re building on our work with the Danish Institute for
                                                                       Human Rights (DIHR) in Thailand with a comprehensive review of
                                                                       human rights in markets, prioritised by scale and the level of risk.


HOW WE ENGAGE WITH SUPPLIERS                                           At the same time, we are working with supplier collaboration
                                                                       platform Manufacture 2030 to encourage and support suppliers in
Maintaining healthy long-term relationships with our suppliers not
                                                                       recording and reducing their carbon and water impacts.
only helps us protect business continuity, but also lays important
foundations for achieving our sustainability ambitions.

We are embedding ESG objectives in core business activity by
ensuring our supplier relationships are founded on purpose. This


                                                                               FAIR RUBBER AND THE
is not just about protecting ourselves reputationally, it also gives
us the opportunity to improve standards globally, whether that’s

                                                                               BUSINESS/COMMUNITY
                                                                                                                                     CASE STUDY
making farming practices more sustainable or ensuring fair
treatment for workers. We are centralising more supplier
relationships and procurement activity to strengthen controls
and improve efficiency.
                                                                               BENEFITS
We support more sustainable livelihoods and working conditions                 We continue to deliver on our action plan
for our suppliers. Our new partnership with the Fair Rubber                    in Thailand, with initiatives such as our work
Association ensures that the farmers who produce natural rubber                to certify rubber farms and plantations
latex used for our Durex products receive a Fair Trade premium.                under Fair Rubber Association standards.
                                                                               It strengthens their communities and our
Smaller suppliers don’t always have the capabilities or resources              supply network.
to spot issues, understand their root causes or implement the
                                                                               This approach extends to other key
changes it will take to stop them. We audit all suppliers. Where
                                                                               commodities. Our work with palm oil
needed, we work with them through our capability building                      suppliers is developing individual roadmaps
programme to help improve their processes and raise standards.                 to ensure we’re only using certified
                                                                               sustainable palm oil for infant formula and
We require all our suppliers to adhere to six responsible sourcing
                                                                               soap within the next two years. Similar
principles that prioritise sustainability. They must ensure labour
                                                                               programmes exist with our paper and
and human rights are respected, provide a safe and healthy work
                                                                               board suppliers for the origin of timber.
environment, source natural raw material responsibly, protect the
environment and reduce environmental impact, use ever safer and                These programmes also connect to our
more sustainable ingredients, and conduct business with honesty                work on biodiversity with the University of
                                                                               Oxford’s Nature-Based Insetting team (see
and integrity (see ‘Managing global supply’ on page 42).
                                                                               ‘Ecosystems, biodiversity and nature-based
                                                                               solutions’ on page 65).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           57
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)




     EXPERT KNOWLEDGE
                                                                             One of the ways we are advancing understanding of the links
                                                                             between hygiene and health through the Reckitt Global Hygiene
                                                                             Institute. The institute is a not-for-profit organisation launched
                                                                             in 2020 with funding from Reckitt. It seeks to create a central
     HOW WE ENGAGE WITH EXPERTS                                              repository of hygiene research to fill the gaps in science-based
     Insights from academics and scientists help us understand               evidence around hygiene. It commissions specific, directed
     long-term trends. We use that knowledge to build action                 research through grant funding and funds a post-doctoral
     programmes, guide innovation and develop the expertise                  fellowship programme in hygiene. Its research efforts are guided
     and capabilities to meet future challenges.                             by an internationally renowned, independent expert panel.
     In 2021, we commissioned an ecosystem impact assessment                 We engage with healthcare professionals internationally to
     from Nature-Based Insetting at the University of Oxford, which          exchange information, share best clinical practice and sponsor
     published its initial findings in November. This looked at the effect   research. We manage numerous educational partnerships,
     on ecosystems of value chains that source commodities, such as          including with Harvard School of Public Health, the Royal Children’s
     palm oil, latex and fragrances, in areas of high biodiversity. We are   Hospital in Melbourne and SickKids in Canada. We also share our
     developing progressive programmes in response to this data to           expertise in professional journals and at presentations for
     protect and regenerate these ecosystems by 2030.                        international symposiums and congresses.
     We’ve established a strategic partnership with Risilience and
     Cambridge Centre for Risk Studies (CCRS), within the Judge
     Business School at the University of Cambridge, to support our          PARTNERING WITH
                                                                             INNOVATORS
     ongoing commitment to deliver on the Paris Agreement and
     ambition to achieve carbon neutrality by 2040 while delivering
     growth and long-term shareholder value. Risilience will supply
     analytics to assess climate science impacts and potential ways
     of evolving the business to achieve our sustainability goals.           COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS AND VENTURES
                                                                             The best ideas can come from anywhere, and high-impact
     A co-authored white paper with EcoHealth Alliance and the
                                                                             solutions are often better delivered by networks than individual
     London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine was published at
                                                                             organisations – two great reasons for encouraging collaborative
     COP26. ‘The Impact of Climate Change on Health: Reducing Risks
                                                                             projects with like-minded innovators.
     and Increasing Resilience in the Era of COVID-19’ set out the risks
     to human health of unabated climate change and presented                We collaborate with independent, purpose-driven entrepreneurs
     recommendations to address these potentially existential threats.       whose objectives chime with our own. That’s why we’ve set up
                                                                             Access VC. This well-capitalised venture provides funding for
     We sponsored a report by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)
                                                                             startups. It’s designed to be agile, flexible and a great partner for
     on the global state of health literacy. ‘Health literacy around the
                                                                             purpose-driven initiatives. Access VC also manages our existing
     world: policy approaches to wellbeing through knowledge and
                                                                             Reckitt minority stake assets, including the Healthily and Founders’
     empowerment’ reviewed the state of health literacy in seven
                                                                             Factory investments.
     countries, its link with health outcomes and how it could be
     boosted in national policy and the education, healthcare and            We work with Founders’ Factory to accelerate early-stage
     digital sectors.                                                        startups. For companies at a later stage in their journey, we provide
                                                                             funds, resources and knowledge.




                                                                                                                            A winning photo from
                                                                                                                            our competition in
                                                                                                                            partnership with
                                                                                                                            Talenthouse,
                                                                                                                            capturing moments
                                                                                                                            where people have
                                                                                                                            positively impacted
                                                                                                                            our planet to create
                                                                                                                            a cleaner,
                                                                                                                            healthier world.
                                                                                                                            Marcos Antonio
                                                                                                                            Esteves – Brazil




58
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                     Financial Statements




                                                                                                                           Voted popular
                                                                                                                           choice, a photo from
                                                                                                                           our competition in
                                                                                                                           partnership with
                                                                                                                           Talenthouse,
                                                                                                                           capturing moments
                                                                                                                           where people have
                                                                                                                           positively impacted
                                                                                                                           our planet to create
                                                                                                                           a cleaner,
                                                                                                                           healthier world.
                                                                                                                           Muhammad Amdad
                                                                                                                           Hossain –
                                                                                                                           Bangladesh




Access VC offers more than just venture capital: it’s a cooperative       Through the Global Self-Care Federation, we work with our peers
enterprise. Purpose-driven entrepreneurs get access not just to           in the self-care industry to raise international standards and ensure
funds but to Reckitt’s experts, brands, resources, scale and global       key policy- and decision-makers embrace self-care, recognise its
reach. Recent collaborators include little yawn collective, which         value and use its broad range of benefits as building blocks to
champions proven sleep solutions for kids, and Oxwash, which is           deliver better and more sustainable health outcomes for all.
making laundry simple and sustainable together with Vanish Zero.
                                                                          Illicit trade has grown well beyond the capabilities of individual
For more on Access VC, see Focus on: Digital on page 38.
                                                                          governments and individual companies. It requires a sustained,
We reach out to external partners in numerous ways to promote             coordinated response. Reckitt joined the Transnational Alliance
innovation, and benefit hugely from the range and diversity of            to Combat Illicit Trade (TRACIT) in 2020. TRACIT is a private sector
the people and organisations with whom we collaborate. We tap             initiative to mitigate the economic and social damages of illicit
external knowledge to apply inventions and import capabilities.           trade and counterfeit goods.
Through our strategic supplier programme, we co-develop new
                                                                          We are also members of AISE, Europe’s International Association for
ingredients and processes. For more on external partnerships,
                                                                          Soaps, Detergents and Maintenance Products, where we actively
see Focus on: Innovation on page 34.
                                                                          support its agenda for sustainable cleaning. These help inform our



COLLABORATION AND
                                                                          own approach on aligning product development with policy and
                                                                          regulatory development.



PARTNERSHIPS
                                                                          In June 2021, we joined the World Business Council for Sustainable
                                                                          Development (WBCSD). The WBCSD comprises nearly 200
                                                                          companies who are committed to innovating to make real, tangible
                                                                          progress to tackle the triple threat of climate change, nature
WORKING WITH GOVERNMENTS, INDUSTRY PARTNERS AND NGOS                      in crisis and mounting inequalities, for a more sustainable world.
As a partner to governments, we’re encouraging behaviour change           We are specifically involved in work on protecting and promoting
for societal issues. In 2021, as one of 11 principal partners at the UN   health, which connected to our activity at COP26.
Climate Change Conference in Glasgow (COP26) and the official             We work with NGOs and government bodies that coalesce around
hygiene partner, we worked to advance action on climate change            areas of common interest. As members of the Ellen MacArthur
and promote awareness of the link between planetary and public            Foundation, we’re pursuing joint initiatives to reduce the use of
health (see pages 64 and 65).                                             plastics and developing infrastructure, systems and standards
Where impact at scale through collective action is needed to              that promote the circular economy.
make a lasting or transformational difference we’re working with          Since 2020 Reckitt has been committed to the UN Global
our peers to introduce new, more sustainable business models.             Compact corporate responsibility initiative and its principles in the
We’re advancing best practice and encouraging the transition              areas of human rights, labour, the environment, and anti-corruption.
towards more sustainable activity by leveraging our participation         The social and environmental impacts we create through our
in trade associations.                                                    purpose-led brands and our work to support a healthier planet
We’re active in the Consumer Goods Forum, which drives positive           and fairer society help to advance the broader development goals
change on climate change and key issues through collaborative             of the United Nations, particularly the 17 Sustainable Development
action with customers and peers. We are members of its Forest             Goals. We have communicated our progress to deliver the
Positive Action group, Plastic Waste Coalition of Action and its          Ten Principles, details are within our Sustainability policies
Human Rights working group.                                               and reports at www.reckitt.com.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           59
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)




     ENGAGING WITH INVESTORS
     OUR INVESTMENT COMMUNITY
     Our investment community includes current and potential
     shareholders, mainly institutional and retail investors, as well as
     ‘sell-side’ research analysts, banks and ratings agencies. We also
     have a significant employee-shareholder community, with over
     50% of Reckitt employees owning a stake in the company.

     Our investors provide the financial capital – equity or debt – that
     underpins our business and allows us successfully to execute our
     strategy. In return, they expect good financial returns as dividends,   INVESTOR PRIORITIES
     capital appreciation or interest.                                       In 2021, our investors primarily wanted to discover more about
                                                                             the company’s performance in its transformational journey as
     The cost of equity or debt is influenced by financial markets’ risk/    we progress our strategy of rejuvenating sustainable growth.
     reward perception. Maintaining an open, constructive dialogue           They were keen to understand where investments have been
     around the opportunities and challenges we face helps investors         made and their associated returns.
     make appropriate investment decisions.
                                                                             In common with many of our peers, cost-inflation and its effect
     All market participants are entitled to equal and timely access to      on our margin outlook, was a recurring topic. Investors are also
     market-sensitive information. We are committed to keeping all           tracking carefully how COVID-19 is changing consumer behaviour,
     investors updated, with regular briefings on our strategic progress     particularly now the virus appears to be receding in parts of
     as a purpose-led business focused on sustainable growth. We             the world.
     ensure retail investors get access to the same information at the
     same time as our institutional investors, often through our             Portfolio management activities that had a material effect on
     corporate website.                                                      company structure, in particular the disposal of IFCN China and
                                                                             the acquisition of Biofreeze were particular items of interest.
     COVID-19 restrictions meant the 2021 AGM was held as a closed
     meeting. Shareholders were able to submit questions in advance          ESG is an increasingly material topic for investors, with ESG ratings
     or during the meeting, allowing the Board to engage and interact        incorporated into investment decision-making. Our ratings are
     directly with them.                                                     also used as part of a loan facility which was established during
                                                                             the year.
     Our proactive investor relations programme this year included
     one-to-one meetings with major shareholders, group meetings,            Investors welcomed Reckitt’s return to the Dow Jones Sustainability
     webinars, roadshows, conferences, round tables and fireside chats.      Index (DJSI) in 2021. They wanted to hear how our renewed ESG
                                                                             targets would be achieved and the effect on performance of
     We are now supplementing our regular financial reporting with           embedding sustainability into our core business model.
     ‘bite-size’ seminars profiling different facets of the company to
     give further insight into our transformation journey. The first of      Our Sustainalytics ESG score is currently rated as medium risk at
     these was held in September, ‘Delivering sustainable growth’,           22.9 – slightly higher than previously following the revision of some
     included updates on how business units are putting strategy into        of their criteria. Our AA MSCI ESG rating places us as an industry
     practice and in-depth presentations on R&D and e-commerce.              leader on managing ESG risks.




60
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                      Financial Statements




INVESTING IN COMMUNITIES
                                                                         Our programmes focus on three main areas: clean water,
                                                                         hygiene and sanitation; sexual health and rights; and maternal
                                                                         and child health.

HOW WE ENGAGE WITH COMMUNITIES                                           •   Clean water, hygiene and sanitation: we fight for universal
As we manage the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and                        access to clean water and a safe, hygienic environment
build back towards a sustainable way of living, the right to the         •   Sexual rights and equality: programmes that empower women
highest-quality hygiene, wellness and nourishment has never                  and girls around their sexual rights through access, knowledge
been more important.                                                         and disease prevention.

We fight for that through our brands and by working with partners        •   Maternal and child health: nutritional and wellness programmes
on the ground. We’re empowering people to make small changes in              for new mothers and children to give them the best start in life.
their lives that contribute to the wellbeing of the wider community
and help bring about a cleaner, healthier world.                         CLEAN WATER, HYGIENE AND SANITATION
                                                                         In August 2021, we extended our two-year partnership with
We maximise our impact through our purpose-led brands, the way
                                                                         Water.org to continue to strengthen access to safe water
we do business across our value chain, and the partnerships and social
                                                                         and sanitation.
investments we make, especially through our Fight for Access Fund.
                                                                         In 2020, Eko Group H2O+ won the Lead2030 grant under SDG6
In 2021, as the world began to look beyond the pandemic,
                                                                         at One Young World. They gained funding and mentoring from
we renewed our focus on our long-term goals of sustainability
                                                                         Reckitt. Their winning project uses reused and recycled materials
and growth, while protecting those communities most at risk.
                                                                         to harvest and filter the abundant local rainwater in Colombia.
                                                                         Reckitt’s mentorship has helped to scale the operation. By the
SEED, SCALE & SUSTAIN                                                    end of 2021, Eko had tripled sales, installing 65 rainwater harvesting
Our ambition is to reach half the world with our purpose-led             systems in seven communities. They had also developed a new
products, engage two billion people through our programmes,              handwashing basin product to improve hygiene in schools.
partnerships and campaigns, and have a measurable, positive
impact on ten million people by 2030.                                    Simultaneously, with Dettol, we are improving hygiene and
                                                                         wellbeing through the Hygiene Quest. This interactive educational
Through our brands and social impact programmes, we have                 programme is promoting good hygiene behaviours in schools. Its
continued to support people and ideas to create systemic change          comprehensive curriculum uses gamification, nudge psychology
and contribute to tackling some of the world’s greatest challenges.      and motivational reward systems to support long-lasting
Underpinning our approach is our social impact model – Seed,             behavioural change. It was piloted in Scotland and Nigeria to
Scale & Sustain – which offers investment and mentorship, and            test responses in different cultural and economic environments.
convenes global experts to connect social enterprises with the           Teachers reported better handwashing by students and lower
resources they need to grow and ultimately become independent.           rates of illness and absenteeism. We presented the Scottish results
We support individuals, ideas and infrastructure. We provide             at COP26 and have scaled the programme up in both countries.
funding and advice to develop projects. We connect innovative
businesses and programmes with our global network to help them
to build scale across communities and borders. And we equip
them with the resources and know-how to help their projects


                                                                                 ACCESS TO CLEAN WATER
become self-sustaining and deliver lasting social impact.



                                                                                 THROUGH AFFORDABLE
For the biggest challenges, collaboration is key. We develop strong




                                                                                                                                       CASE STUDY
partnerships and invest where we can make the most difference.

                                                                                 MICROFINANCE
Examples include working with Water.org to get people clean
water and sanitation services, delivering emergency relief with
the International Red Cross, and restoring water and wildflower
habitats alongside the WWF.                                                      Reckitt and Water.org’s joint microfinance
                                                                                 programme has been rolled out in India,

ACTIVE WHERE WE MAKE THE BIGGEST IMPACT                                          Indonesia and Kenya. We worked together
                                                                                 to develop an easy-to-use microfinance
We aim to progress all the SDGs, but focus more resources where                  platform with local banks, offering loans for
our impact is greatest. We’ve identified SDG2, SDG3, SDG5, SDG8                  domestic hygiene and sanitation services,
and SDG13 as our high-priority goals. (For more on SDGs see page 51)             such as toilets, sinks, wells and water tanks.
                                                                                 The loans are designed to be affordable to
We have long experience building health and hygiene literacy.
                                                                                 the poorest communities.
Our partners help us get these messages across with impact.
Recent examples include our work with Raleigh to teach good                      More than £36 million in loans have supported
handwashing practices in Tanzania and our work with Project                      over 700,000 people in the past two years.
                                                                                 The next step is to scale up the microfinance
HOPE to change hygiene behaviours in Pakistan.
                                                                                 platform to make it self-sustaining.
We support the poorest communities – where hunger, disease and
poor sanitation are most prevalent, and where the worst effects
of climate change are felt first. We emphasise women and girls.
We set a target that a minimum of 50% of our beneficiaries are
women and expect to be above this.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             61
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)



     SEXUAL RIGHTS AND EQUALITY                                                  over 60,000 newborns have been effectively treated by
                                                                                 trained healthcare professionals. A recent assessment of
     In 2020 Reckitt, UNAIDS and Gilead partnered with the Wits
                                                                                 the programme’s impact identified reductions in fatalities,
     Business School at the University of Witwatersrand to launch a new
                                                                                 disability and hospitalisation.
     programme, ‘Aspire Higher’, which challenged students to pitch
     innovative ways of improving the sexual health of African youth.            In South Africa, diarrhoea is one of the deadliest diseases for
     Four pilot projects gained funding. They’ve been working                    children under the age of five. In 2021, we worked with the local
     throughout 2021 to implement and test their new ideas.                      Ministry of Health to encourage the regular handwashing that can
                                                                                 prevent the illness. Dettol New Mums Clinic provided hygiene
     Sometimes, the best opportunities to create positive social impact
                                                                                 products, educational resources and support for healthcare
     are right on our own doorstep. Reckitt sources raw materials for
                                                                                 workers, reaching hundreds of thousands of mothers.
     Durex in Thailand. HIV prevalence there is among the highest in
     Asia, with 9% of the region’s total population living with HIV. We          In Bangladesh, maternal mortality is the third most common
     are investing in the health of workers living in rural communities.         cause of death among women aged 15-49, with approximately
     The Rurality Thaitex programme is improving access to safe sex              7,600 preventable deaths each year. In 2021, the local Dettol
     and family planning. Sexual education is delivered at places of             team supported BRAC’s (formerly known as the Bangladesh
     work and workers also have access to sexual health services at              Rehabilitation Assistance Committee) Health, Nutrition and
     mobile centres and drop-in clinics.                                         Population programme, providing hygiene products and education
                                                                                 to help improve antenatal and postpartum care. Our small
     MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH                                                   contribution has helped ensure mothers are able to put into
     We’ve worked with the US non-profit March of Dimes since                    practice the advice given to them by BRAC staff.
     2020 to improve access to antenatal and postpartum care
     for the estimated 7 million women and 500,000 babies born                   EMERGENCY RELIEF
     each year in the US living in so-called ‘maternity deserts’.                Reckitt provides emergency relief in response to global events
     We’ve invested in two pilot programmes to test the impact                   and need.
     of new approaches to improving care within maternity deserts
                                                                                 In February 2021, we began a new strategic partnership with
     in Ohio and Washington, D.C.
                                                                                 the Red Cross to support its campaign to strengthen vulnerable
     Project Oscar began shortly after Reckitt delegates from One                communities. We joined the charity’s Disaster Relief Alliance with
     Young World 2017 met disability activist Oscar Anderson. Oscar              an initial £250,000 grant and product donations, as well as time
     lives with cerebral palsy as a complication of untreated neonatal           through employee volunteering.
     jaundice (NNJ).
                                                                                 The COVID-19 pandemic has affected communities across the
     NNJ affects six out of ten newborn globally. It is easily treatable         world, but refugees are particularly at risk. In 2021, we helped fund
     with the right care. We developed a plan for sustained change               the International Rescue Committee (IRC), enabling it to directly
     in the provision of care in Vietnam, where Oscar was born.                  engage 11,206 people, two-thirds of them women. In Syria, hygiene
     We partnered with the Ministry of Health to train 261 healthcare            kits were distributed to vulnerable groups, including the elderly
     professionals and provide 96 regional hospitals with high                   and people with disabilities or chronic disease.
     quality phototherapy units. Since the launch of the programme,




             IMPROVING ACCESS TO NUTRITIOUS, AFFORDABLE FOOD

                                                                                                                                               CASE STUDY
             Malnutrition is rife in Africa. In Congo, 22% of the            economy. There are 265 more well-paying jobs for women
             population, including 3.4 million children, are malnourished.   in rural communities thanks to sales the business has
             Tailored Food won the Lead2030 SDG2 grant at One                generated. It has the backing of the UN World Food
             Young World in 2020 and funding from Reckitt for a              Programme, whose’ commitment to buy 70,000 cassava
             business model that addresses one of the key causes –           and peanut-based snack bars in Congo every month
             the lack of affordable and nutritious food products. It         supports 160 women entrepreneurs in rural communities.
             works with local entrepreneurs, farmers and market
                                                                             A recent research study into Tailored Food’s business
             workers to help them to develop their own nutritious food
                                                                             model by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation found that
             products, using local produce and processes.
                                                                             100% of consumers living in extreme poverty view its
             With significant growth and impact over the past year,          products as both affordable and accessible. Reckitt has
             Tailored Food’s sales of nutritious, tasty, low-cost meals      extended its support for Tailored Food into 2022 to help
             have more than trebled, from 210,000 to 676,000. An             reach even more local food producers and strengthen
             estimated 33,800 people suffering from malnutrition in          access to quality nutrition.
             Liberia and Congo have benefited, as too has the local




62
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                   Financial Statements




OUR SHARED PLANET                                                      REDUCING WASTE IN MANUFACTURING
                                                                       We are identifying cost reductions and efficiency improvements
                                                                       at our manufacturing sites by thinking more sustainably.
ENABLING CIRCULARITY                                                   The Durex factory in Bangpakong, Thailand was paying over
Shifting to a more circular economic system – one built around         £60,000 a year to dispose of unused natural rubber latex and
reducing, reusing, recycling, renewal and redesign – is a massive      Naked condom waste products. In 2021, however it found a sandal
global transformation. Everybody will need to adopt different          manufacturer who wanted to use this waste rubber to make
ways of doing things. It calls for new and novel infrastructures       slippers. This not only saved money by reducing waste but also
and a radical shift in our collective behaviour.                       earned revenue from sales. The initiative improved the factory’s
We’re doing what we can do to increase circularity, but this is        financial position by over £32,000.
a collaborative effort. Multiple actors – our peers, our suppliers,    The Makati factory in the Philippines teamed up with J&J Farms
our customers, consumers, recyclers, re-processors and regulators      to convert waste milk powder to animal feeds and biogas. J&J’s
– need to coordinate their activities.                                 biogas facility creates enough methane to run generators which
Getting there will take progress in three main areas: eliminating      provide electricity for deep-well pumps, air-conditioned housing
waste and pollution, circulating products and materials, and           for breeding boars and tunnel-ventilated farrowing houses.
regenerating nature. We are addressing all three of these as well      Up to 80% of the farm’s electricity comes from its biogas facility.
as finding ways to facilitate more circular systems and processes.     The increase in biogas production from adding milk powder has
                                                                       reduced electrical consumption by over 20%.

DEVELOPING CIRCULAR ECONOMY MODELS
We have been working with a range of partners to implement             CHEMICALS AND INGREDIENTS
circular infrastructure.                                               We are moving towards better chemistry in our products and
                                                                       lowering our chemical footprint by progressively using more
TerraCycle’s closed-loop recycling programme allows UK                 ingredients from natural origins as part of a more circular model.
consumers to recycle non-recyclable flexible packaging through
public drop-off locations and by initiating home collections. The      VEO’s probiotic surface cleaner uses a 99% biodegradable formula
Reckitt Recycling Programme is operational in 1,300+ UK locations.     with active probiotic bacteria – free from chlorine bleach,
                                                                       formaldehyde, phosphates and disinfectant chemicals. The
Meanwhile, Finish has partnered with Loop in a new trial with          biodegradable formula preserves water and enables a longer-
UK retailer Tesco. The Loop sustainable packaging concept sees         lasting impact with less negative environmental impact than
empty packaging collected, cleaned and redistributed. Ten Tesco        traditional chemicals.
stores are selling Finish tabs alongside other Loop brand partners
in stainless-steel jars, with in-store return points for when the      The Veet Minima hair removal range has low chemical credentials,
product is finished.                                                   including cold wax strips that are hypoallergenic and fragrance –
                                                                       and dye-free. Hot wax strips are fragrance and dye-free with 100%

PLASTICS AND PACKAGING                                                 natural ingredients, while creams do not use urea.

We are reducing our plastic footprint and are committed to make        Lysol’s Simply kills 99.9% of bacteria using a plant-based active
all our packaging recyclable by 2025.                                  ingredient and is free from bleach, dyes and phosphates. Lysol is
                                                                       powered with hydrogen peroxide, which kills 99.9% of viruses and
We have increased the recyclability of our range, but the
                                                                       bacteria without the harshness of bleach.
proportion of post-consumer resin (PCR) we include in our
packaging is still far lower than we would like. Disappointingly,      Dettol Tru Clean has plant-based active ingredients. It’s free from
our PCR percentage only increased marginally from 3% in 2019 to        bleach, dye and phosphates and can be produced with far less
3.5% in 2020. This is in part because our focus during COVID-19 has    water. The product has been launched in China and its wider
been on selling higher volumes of hygiene products to combat the       roll-out is under consideration.
pandemic. Although we used 50% more PCR in our packaging, this
                                                                       Consumers are concerned about harsh chemicals and artificial
was overshadowed by much higher volumes of hygiene products
                                                                       fragrances in their homes. Air Wick has been reducing the
sold. It’s also the case that some of our regulated products take
                                                                       chemical footprint in its products and increasing naturally
longer to change. We’re committed to accelerating this
                                                                       derived ingredients to over 50%. These changes resulted
programme, increasing PCR and using less plastic overall.
                                                                       in the launch of Summer Delights, White Flowers & Melon
We have redesigned the Durex 200ml Play Massage 2in1 bottle to         with an 87.5% reduction in chemical footprint.
be fully recyclable. It is now made from 100% PCR. In India, Reckitt
                                                                       Across Reckitt, our brands are developing ‘free from’
was one of the first buyers of Banyan Nation’s ‘better plastic’ PCR
                                                                       ranges removing ingredients of potential concern
solution. Banyan Nation uses an innovative plastic intelligence
                                                                       (e.g. dyes, fragrances, preservatives).
platform to connect to small-scale waste collectors and sorters.
The collected plastic is recycled as PCR in Reckitt packaging.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                      63
     Stakeholder Engagement (Continued)




     PROTECTING PLANETARY
                                                                             air handling and boilers. Over time, we will progressively replace
                                                                             equipment with more energy-efficient alternatives.



     HEALTH                                                                  We will also introduce alternatives to the gas used in combined
                                                                             heat and power plants and, in time, in spray dryers, where we
                                                                             use gas for thermal energy. In Evansville (US), we’re already using
     The COVID-19 pandemic has driven home the link between                  landfill gas for spray drying. We intend to replicate that approach
     people’s health and planetary health. Infectious diseases, new          where possible at other locations. We are monitoring alternative
     vectors of transmission, increased respiratory illness and water-       fuels such as hydrogen as a longer-term gas replacement.
     borne disease are all connected to climate change. Safeguarding
     the planet, protecting biodiversity and acting to limit climate         Scope 3 emission reductions are more difficult to achieve as they
     change serve all our interests.                                         often rely on supplier activity and changes in how people use our
                                                                             products. Nevertheless, we’re making progress to deliver our 2030

     OUR ACTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE                                            50% goal.

     Our ambition is to reach net zero emissions across our value chain      We’re engaging with suppliers with the help of Manufacture 2030
     by 2040, a decade earlier than the world’s goal to keep the rise in     to help them measure and reduce their carbon emissions. We’re
     temperature to less than 1.5°C globally. We also recognise the          targeting high-energy ingredients to ensure they’re manufactured
     importance of making rapid progress before then. Our science-           using renewable energy. Where this isn’t possible we’ll consider
     based targets for 2030 do just that, with a 65% reduction in Scope      alternative ingredients.
     1 and 2 operations emissions and a 50% reduction in Scope 3
                                                                             Internally, we’re using our Sustainable Innovation Calculator (SIC)
     product emissions.
                                                                             to design lower-carbon ingredients and materials into our
     Our absolute carbon emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3) stayed level           products. The SIC also helps us design products that require less
     with 2020 (-0.04%) despite business growth. Against our 2015            energy and water in use, and we’re increasing the use of recycled
     baseline however, volumes over the past two years have increased        and recyclable packaging to reduce the end-of-life carbon
     our overall footprint. This increase is in our scope 3 emissions,       footprint for our products.
     particularly relating to ingredients and packaging. At the same time,
                                                                             We’re also engaging with our consumers to reduce their energy
     our scope 1,2 emissions have reduced by 66% against the baseline.
                                                                             and water use by, for instance, advocating lowering washing
     To address these scope 3 emissions, we continue to develop more
                                                                             machine temperatures, skipping the rinse for dishwashing, using
     recyclable packaging and greater use of recycled materials, in line
                                                                             cold water to wash their hands and recycling packaging.
     with our plastics pledge; our work with suppliers to monitor and
     reduce their footprint; and our emerging prioritisation of high         Looking at our logistics network, we’re undertaking a low-carbon
     carbon ingredients. This is driving activity to reduce emissions from   trial in the UK to reduce our carbon footprint. This uses recycled
     ingredient manufacture and to consider alternative, lower-carbon        vegetable oil as fuel. We’ll develop more low-carbon logistics
     ingredients while maintaining product efficacy, safety and quality.     solutions and scale these globally.
     More detail is in our Climate Change Insight.
                                                                             Water stress, a consequence of climate change, is another
     We are reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by switching to                 focus for us. With around 19 of our sites in water-stressed areas,
     renewable electricity sources for all our manufacturing sites.          it’s important we reduce water impact in these communities.
     We’ve already achieved 66% carbon reduction in our operations
                                                                             We’ve reduced water use per production unit by 3% since 2015,
     and will press on from here.
                                                                             and will go further. But we want to go beyond our own factories.
     We are also finding ways to reduce energy usage in manufacturing.       That’s why we work in local communities to safeguard water
     We’re initially targeting high-energy processes such as compressors,    suppliers, improve sanitation and enable health literacy.




64
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                     Financial Statements




We also aim to up the efficiency of our water use, targeting a
further 30% improvement by 2025. By 2040, we aim to halve the
water footprint of our products. We’re designing products to
reduce their water and carbon impact across their whole lifecycle.
This can mean, for example, using less water in manufacturing,
                                                                               WWF PARTNERSHIP

                                                                                                                                   CASE STUDY
concentrating ingredients so they are lighter to transport, or
                                                                               WWF and Reckitt launched a partnership in
formulating them so they can be used in people’s homes with                    March 2021 to tackle causes where we can
less water.                                                                    make the most impact.

Our ambition is to become water positive in water-stressed areas               Together, we will help restore and protect
by 2030. We’re developing water catchment area programmes                      2,100km of freshwater within two of the
at key sites. Our Hosur, India site now has sufficient externally              world’s most important ecosystems in the
validated projects to cover half its annual water use and the                  Amazon and the Ganges. The programmes
remainder will be confirmed in 2022. It has created water                      aim to improve the quality of freshwater
                                                                               resources to allow people and nature
harvesting projects and helped reinstate local water courses. Our
                                                                               to thrive.
Sitarganj factory in India, one of our bigger water users, is saving
nearly 15,000 tonnes of water annually by reducing wastewater.                 We’re also inspiring millions to fight for nature
                                                                               through our brand partnerships with Air Wick
It’s important that we work with and learn from others. We’ve                  and Finish. Together we will restore over 1.2
joined the Water Resilience Coalition and its parent organisation,             billion square feet of wildflower habitats
the CEO Water Mandate. This group of some 200 companies seeks                  globally and replenish 500 million litres of
to address global water challenges through corporate water                     freshwater in the UK. Through our partnership
stewardship, in partnership with the UN, governments and civil                 we are also raising awareness with people on
society organisations.                                                         the biodiversity and water crises, and
                                                                               encouraging proactive actions from all
Finish worked with National Geographic, Love Water UK and US                   to effectively address.
non-profit The Nature Conservancy to reach more than 350 million
                                                                               WWF is also supporting Reckitt’s sustainable
people around the world with the Save Water Clean Clever
                                                                               business transformation through joint
campaign. In the US alone, pledges made add up to over seven
                                                                               research and collaboration focusing on water,
million gallons of water saved every year.                                     climate change and biodiversity.
A large part of our water footprint arises when people use our                 We’ve started to make great progress:
products in their homes. If we can reduce that, we create a big
                                                                               • WWF is participating in the Indian
impact. But tackling that requires subtle changes in how people
                                                                                 government’s first national river dolphin
use products, for example skipping the rinse when using Finish.
                                                                                 population census to help protect this
Our brands connect with people every day, and campaigns like this
                                                                                 iconic endangered species, with 925km
one help people understand how doing things a little differently                 of the Ganges already surveyed
can save water or energy at home. This can save waste, and even
                                                                               • A major study has begun to explore
save people money, while our products can still perform just as
                                                                                 hydropower alternatives in the Tapajós
well. Similar to carbon, the overall water footprint increased by                basin in Brazil to keep the rivers free
14.6% compared to our 2015 baseline, influenced by high volumes                  of dams
of disinfectant and hygiene products such as soap over the                     • Through the Air Wick partnership; WWF is
past two years. Our SIC targets our water footprint within our                   already restoring 77 million square feet of
innovation process. It focuses us on using ingredients with a                    forest and wildflower habitats globally
lower water footprint alongside our continuing work to reduce
water when consumers use our products at home. For example,
developing Finish to avoid the need for pre-rinsing. With more than
90% of our total water footprint arising when products are used,
this emphasis is naturally important for water overall.


ECOSYSTEMS, BIODIVERSITY AND NATURE-BASED SOLUTIONS
At Reckitt, we’re committed to protecting and regenerating the         This roadmap will help mitigate our ecosystem impacts in a socially
ecosystems we rely on. We know that strong ecosystems will             sustainable way, by insetting measurable nature-based solutions
become increasingly resilient over time and better able to support     into our global value chains that will help tackle climate change.
natural resources and local people.                                    We’re focusing first on our most vulnerable, significant value
It makes sense to build up biodiversity. Translating that principle    chains, beginning with five commodities: palm oil, latex, and three
into effective action is more challenging, however,and we’re           fragrance oils used in Reckitt’s Air Wick Botanica range. All
currently developing our approach. We will need comprehensive,         originate in areas of high biodiversity. Our programme evaluates
evidence-based metrics to measure our impacts on nature before         environmental impacts and subsequently develops measurable
we can take effective action.                                          and impactful interventions against evidence-based targets.
                                                                       Our aim is to implement these in key value chains by 2030.
In 2021, we linked up with the Nature-Based Insetting team at the
University of Oxford to develop nature-based solutions. Together,
we are developing a roadmap for the protection, restoration and
sustainable management of ecosystems within key supply chains.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         65
     TCFD Summary




     OUR TCFD
                                                                                 Compliance Statement
                                                                                 We are pleased to confirm that we have included
                                                                                 in this TCFD Statement for Reckitt the material climate-
                                                                                 related financial disclosures consistent with the four




     SUMMARY
                                                                                 recommendations and the eleven recommended disclosures
                                                                                 set. However, as we try and align our approach to the
                                                                                 updated TCFD additional guidance (Implementing the
                                                                                 Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                                 Financial Disclosures (2021 TCFD Annex) which was released
                                                                                 in October 2021, there are some recommendations in the
                                                                                 2021 TCFD Annex: All Sector Guide that we are continuing to
                                                                                 work on and will require more time for us to fully consider. In
                                                                                 line with the current Listing Rules requirements (as referred
     CLIMATE CHANGE AND OUR BUSINESS                                             to in Listing Rule 9.8.6R(8)), these areas are detailed below
     At Reckitt we recognise the importance of climate change in                 with reference to the TCFD recommendations:
     our relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world. From the
     perspective of our business and our consumers all over the world,           •   Development of more detailed disclosures by geography
     we also recognise the increasingly clear and adverse impact that                or sector, in addition to the current considerations for the
     climate change is having and will have on people’s health and                   overall business. Our current analysis often considers
     hygiene. Whether through new vectors of disease, increased risk,                specific geographies for supply chain risks and sectors
     poorer hygiene through water stress or increased bacterial loads,               for market-level risks and opportunities, and we will
     increased ambient temperatures or different acute weather                       develop these for future reporting (TCFD Strategy (a)).
     patterns, to name but a few, these impacts will pose both risks             •   Assessment of climate related issues in terms of
     and opportunities within our value chain.                                       acquisitions or divestments, where we are developing
                                                                                     processes to strengthen our existing compliance agenda.
     To that end, in our approach to meet the recommendations of
                                                                                     We will report on these in the future (TCFD Strategy (b)).
     the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD),
     we assess risks and opportunities within our day-to-day                     •   Assessment of climate related issues in terms of the
     business operations, structure and governance activities. Our                   response of consumers, to products in different ways,
     comprehensive TCFD disclosure is published in our Climate Change                both in terms of risk and opportunity, and in different
     Insight together with further details of climate change activity and            geographies. We have begun to assess these, considering
     emissions data to provide a holistic report of activity for all                 both internal and external data and will report more on
     interested stakeholders.                                                        these in the next two years. Our sustainable product
                                                                                     innovation programme does, however, already take such
     We are building compliance with TCFD expectations and                           issues into account alongside transitions risks, within our
     recommendations. This embeds our climate change response                        product innovation activity (TCFD Strategy (b)).
     within routine business activity, helping to build an effective
                                                                                 •   Assessment of climate related issues in terms of access
     response that assesses materiality, mitigates risk and builds
                                                                                     to capital where there is apparently limited initial impact
     opportunity within our brands and value chain. For example, we
                                                                                     (TCFD Strategy (b)).
     have adopted our Sustainable Innovation Calculator (SIC) for all
     new product development, measuring the climate and water                    •   Further development of our decarbonisation roadmap
     impact of innovations. We also strongly support climate disclosure              alongside the initial interim milestones noted for our 2025,
     and transparency in our annual reporting and associated                         2030 and 2040 targets and ambitions (TCFD Strategy (b)).
     sustainability insights.                                                    •   The development, during 2022, of our internal carbon
                                                                                     pricing approach and modelling which will inform future
     We have conducted climate-related risk and opportunities
                                                                                     programmes (TCFD Strategy (b)).
     scenario analysis to consider the longer-term impacts of climate
     change. With Risilience and Cambridge Centre for Risk Studies               •   With ongoing activity, we continue to build resilience
     (CCRS) within the Judge Business School at the University of                    against the impacts of climate change (TCFD Strategy (c)).
     Cambridge, we developed a digital-twin model of our business.               We are working to implement the 2021 TCFD Annex
     This builds scenarios for low-carbon transition and physical risks          recommendations in full over the course of 2022 and will
     across our value chain, with a 5 to 20 year horizon and consistent          report further on these in our next TCFD report.
     with the emissions pathways and scenarios specified by the
     Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
                                                                            We assess risks and opportunities in the short term (up to three

     OUR APPROACH                                                           years), medium term (three to six years) and long term (six to 12 years
                                                                            and beyond). From a range of potential future global climate
     In 2021, we worked with Risilience to assess our climate change
                                                                            pathways, we initially assessed five different scenarios: a >4°C
     risks and opportunities. The Risilience platform applies the climate
                                                                            (global temperature rise by 2100); a 3°C scenario based on
     change research frameworks and approaches pioneered by
                                                                            international policies in 2020-21; a 2.5°C scenario; a Paris-Agreement-
     Risilience and provides quantitative analytics that inform our risk
                                                                            aligned mitigation (2°C) and a 1.5°C mitigation (global net zero by
     management approach, and allows us to prioritise areas for action.
                                                                            2050 as referred to by IPCC) scenario. With the help of Risilience,
     Our programme involves key functional stakeholders throughout
                                                                            our near-to-medium-term analysis included piloting a cumulative
     Reckitt including procurement, brands, operations, sustainability
                                                                            five-year view which supports our financial and operational planning.
     and finance teams.




66
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                     Financial Statements




GOVERNANCE                                                                 Impacts are influenced by emerging and potential policy
                                                                           frameworks over the coming years including, for example, the
Our approach to climate change risk is within the governance
                                                                           extent of carbon taxation measures. Should such measures be
framework of our core business. Our Board, supported by the Board’s
                                                                           applied to all Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2025, and considering
Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance
                                                                           transition factors beyond policy such as consumer preference
(CRSEC) Committee and Risk Committee, has responsibility
                                                                           and technological change, the impact would be significant.
for oversight of our climate change strategy. The strategy is
                                                                           A more likely, phased policy approach and changes in preference,
delivered through our Executive Committee and management
                                                                           alongside our ongoing mitigation activity in supply networks and
team. For more details on our Governance Framework and CRSEC
                                                                           products, would not be material.
committee, see pages 141 to 147 in our Annual Report and our
Sustainability Governance, Reporting and Assurance Insight.                Physical risks are expected to be minor in the short to medium
                                                                           term. Over the longer term, 20 years or so, physical risk impacts
LEARNINGS TO DATE                                                          will become more pronounced, both in terms of more frequent
Our climate risk analysis, through the digital-twin model, has             extreme weather events and chronic impact. Again, our
provided initial insights that we will refine and develop further          progressive work on topics such as water catchment area
in 2022 and beyond. This includes understanding the potential              management, product innovation and supply chain resilience are
risks and opportunities to our upstream supply chain and the               intended to mitigate these risks. For further details please see our
supply of materials. This will build resilience through our suppliers      Climate Change Insight.
with the involvement of our procurement and sustainability
                                                                           Our analysis will continue in 2022 and beyond, initially assessing key
functions. A second area of focus is on risks at our operating sites.
                                                                           risks in greater detail. This will include the relative impacts across
For example, increases in the frequency and severity of extreme
                                                                           key raw materials and, as noted, potential changes in consumer
weather events (physical risks) could affect the supply chain. There
                                                                           use. We will also assess the impact of our sustainability and
may also be an increasing impact of chronic risks such as water
                                                                           climate strategy which will provide insights into the efficacy and
stress. We have already begun to build resilience through business
                                                                           contribution of various climate mitigation initiatives. This helps us
continuity planning and, in the design and location of new sites, by
                                                                           to focus activity where we can create greatest impact and to
taking account of issues including future water stress. We assessed
                                                                           capitalise on potential opportunities associated with a low-carbon
a range of other risks associated with transition to a low-carbon
                                                                           transition that support our business resilience and growth in a
economy and policy environment, including potential policy and
                                                                           future low-carbon economy. We focus activity through routine
regulation, and technology, market, reputation and liability risks. This
                                                                           business planning within brands and our supply chain, including
leads to a third area of focus: the potential impact of climate change
                                                                           within financial planning for those business functions in annual and
on the way people select and use our products. With data from
                                                                           three-year cycles in order to manage risks and deliver against our
our own consumer research team alongside external data from
                                                                           Sustainability Ambitions. For example, capital allocation for
Risilience and others, we will consider potential trends and also how,
                                                                           environmental improvements on carbon are built into current
using our SIC this influences the design of new products. This also
                                                                           five-year planning and are within existing external disclosures.
creates an opportunity for innovation that meets the emerging
                                                                           Progress is reviewed routinely to enable further assessment of
demands of consumers and the impacts of fiscal policy and a
                                                                           resource need and allocation.
changing environment. We will report further on this in the future.
Considering the carbon and water footprints of our products,               For our full TCFD statement and our work with Risilience,
the growing interest people have in more sustainable products              emissions data, activity to build resilience, see our Climate
and how low-carbon, low-water products may save people energy              Change Insight. In line with our commitment to climate
and water in use in the future will help our innovation process,           disclosure and transparency, more details of our climate strategy,
strengthening the resilience and appeal of our brands.                     governance and related risk and opportunity analysis can be
                                                                           found in our public submission to the external benchmark
Changes relating to the low-carbon transition, as well as the
                                                                           Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) investor questionnaire at
associated impacts, vary with the different climate pathways.
                                                                           www.reckitt.com/sustainability/policies-and-reports.




                                                                                                                            A winning photo from
                                                                                                                            our competition in
                                                                                                                            partnership with
                                                                                                                            Talenthouse,
                                                                                                                            capturing moments
                                                                                                                            where people have
                                                                                                                            positively impacted
                                                                                                                            our planet to create
                                                                                                                            a cleaner,
                                                                                                                            healthier world.
                                                                                                                            Cabure Films – Spain


Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             67
     S172 Statement




     OUR SECTION
     172 STATEMENT                                                                  Understanding the needs and expectations of our stakeholders
                                                                                    is fundamental to our Purpose: to protect, heal and nurture in the
     This statement shows how our Directors                                         relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world. We recognise

     have acted in a way that they consider,                                        that our business can only grow and prosper by acting in the
                                                                                    long-term interests of our key stakeholders, namely our people,
     in good faith, would be most likely to                                         our consumers and customers, our investors and our partners,
                                                                                    and the communities and environment we operate in. The Board
     promote the success of the company for                                         considers our key stakeholders and the matters set out under
     the benefit of its members as a whole,                                         section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 in its discussions and
                                                                                    decision-making. The following table sets out key examples of
     having regard to stakeholders, including                                       how the Board has considered matters under section 172 during
     matters under section 172(1)(a)-(f) of                                         the year in performing its duties.

     the Companies Act 2006, during 2021.
     The statement has been prepared in
     response to the obligations set out in
     the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)
     Regulations 2018, and the UK Corporate
     Governance Code 2018.

     Section 172            Overview                                                                                            Relevant disclosures

     (a) the likely         The Board always strives to act in the long-term interests of its key stakeholders. Our             Chief Executive Officer’s
         consequences       Rejuvenating Sustainable Growth strategy is founded on creating long-term shareholder value,        Statement page 9
         of any decision    which is achieved by meeting the needs of all stakeholders, through our relentless pursuit of
                                                                                                                                Nutrition pages 28 to 29
         in the long-term   a cleaner and healthier world. When launching our strategy, we set out that we would manage
                            and strengthen our portfolio, whilst seeking out new opportunities.                                 Progress against our
                                                                                                                                strategy page 33
                            In doing so, during the year, the Board approved the sale of the Scholl brand, and our Infant
                            Formula and Child Nutrition (IFCN) business in China, and the acquisition of the Biofreeze brand.   Stakeholder Engagement
                            The Board took into consideration the long-term consequences of these decisions, ongoing            page 60
                            feedback and consultation with investors, and the potential to create stakeholder value. These
                            decisions represent a major step forward in implementing our strategy and a key milestone in        Decision making in
                            our journey to rejuvenate sustainable growth.                                                       practice and taking
                                                                                                                                stakeholder views into
                                                                                                                                account pages 70 to 71


     (b) the interests of   Our employees are fundamental to our success as a business. Understanding the interests of our      Focus on: culture &
         our people         employees is important for the Board and forms part of our decision-making process. During the      inclusion pages 46 to 49
                            year, the Board has kept up to date with methods of employee engagement, including the results
                                                                                                                                Building Partnerships
                            of all employee surveys on culture, Stronger Together conversations and employee well-being.
                                                                                                                                with Stakeholders
                            Our approach to ways of working in light of COVID-19 and adopting a hybrid working model
                                                                                                                                pages 55 to 56
                            takes into consideration direct feedback received from our employees through surveys.
                                                                                                                                Chair’s introduction to
                            In September, the Board held round-table discussions with employees which focused on
                                                                                                                                governance pages 105
                            inclusion, consumers, innovation and science, sustainability and business transformation. The
                                                                                                                                to 106
                            discussions provided employees with the opportunity to engage directly with Board members
                            and express their views and concerns regarding the organisation, its culture and operations. The    Corporate Governance
                            Board reviewed feedback from the round-table discussions at its November meeting, including         Report pages 121 to 122
                            actions required to address employee concerns. The Board is committed to continuing to
                            engage with employees to understand their interests.




68
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                             Financial Statements




 Section 172            Overview                                                                                              Relevant disclosures

 (c) the need to        The Board understands the importance of fostering business relationships with key stakeholders.       Sustainability Ambitions
     foster business    During the year, the Board took part in listening sessions on the topics of nutrition, ecosystems,    pages 16 to 17
     relationships      biodiversity and nature-based solutions. At these sessions the Board heard perspectives from
                                                                                                                              Focus on: COP26
     with our key       external panellists including investors, suppliers, academics and NGOs. Board members were
                                                                                                                              pages 20 to 21
     stakeholders       invited to ask questions during the session and discuss next steps.
                                                                                                                              Stakeholder
                        In our efforts to provide access to the highest quality health and hygiene products, we
                                                                                                                              Engagement pages 52
                        were proud to be named a Principal Partner, and the official hygiene partner at COP26. Key
                                                                                                                              to 65
                        management personnel attended the conference including our CEO, where a broad range of
                        events were held with government ministers, leading academics and civil society leaders. This         CRSEC Committee
                        enabled us to better understand the interests and aims of those stakeholders and also develop         Report pages 141 to 147
                        our own activities in support whilst also creating opportunities for our business. The significant
                        impact of climate change on health was a key theme of our engagement at COP26, alongside
                        our ability to connect with customers and consumers to develop joint activities to combat
                        climate change. As the official hygiene partner for the conference, we demonstrated Reckitt’s
                        ability to protect the health of tens of thousands of people at such events through effective
                        hygiene interventions and protective self-care. This supported the organising parties of the
                        United Nations and the UK Government in running a safe and valuable conference.


 (d) the impact of      Sustainability is central to our Purpose and runs through everything we do. We understand             Chief Executive Officer’s
     Reckitt’s          as a business the effects our operations have on the environment and the need to embed                Statement page 9
     operations on      sustainability to create positive impacts for both communities and the wider society in which
                                                                                                                              Sustainability Ambitions
     the community      they operate, as well as for our business. During 2021, we built on our commitment to combat
                                                                                                                              pages 16 to 17
     and the            climate change through science-based targets for carbon reduction by 2030 and as a key
     environment        milestone, our ambition is to be carbon neutral across our value chain by 2040. In March 2021,        Key Performance
                        our sustainability ambitions to 2030 were approved by the Board. We are focused on our impact         Indicators page 18 to 19
                        through our purpose-led brands and innovative products; sustaining a healthier planet through:
                        our work on climate change, natural resources and biodiversity; and enabling a fairer society         Focus on: COP26
                        through our activity in our own business and across our value chain to support inclusion,             pages 20 to 21
                        strengthen human rights and support for sustainable livelihoods. Our goals of reaching half the       Stakeholder Engagement
                        world with purpose-led brands to enable more people to lead cleaner, healthier lives, and of          pages 53 and 64
                        engaging two billion people through our programmes and campaigns, are designed to create
                        lasting impact in communities and with our stakeholders. They also strengthen impact within           Our TCFD Summary
                        our business. At COP26, we demonstrated how we can engage consumers to help tackle                    pages 66 to 67
                        climate change, using our innovative products to reduce energy usage in their daily lives and
                                                                                                                              Decision-making in
                        create impact at scale alongside our own work to do the same in our value chain.
                                                                                                                              practice and taking
                        Our Board is responsible for overseeing, considering and reviewing the Group’s environmental,         shareholder views into
                        social and governance (ESG) strategy, as outlined in its Schedule of Matters Reserved for the         account pages 70 to 71
                        Board. The Board delegates regular oversight of sustainability to the Corporate Responsibility,
                                                                                                                              Non-Financial Information
                        Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance (CRSEC) Committee. The CRSEC Committee reviews
                                                                                                                              Statement page 73
                        our sustainability objectives and progress against our targets, and reports on these to the
                        Board regularly.                                                                                      CRSEC Committee
                                                                                                                              Report pages 143 to 144


 (e) the desirability   The Board is responsible for monitoring our culture and values, and the delivery of our strategy      Focus on: Culture &
     of maintaining a   can only be achieved with the highest standards of business conduct. All Directors must act with      Inclusion pages 46 to 49
     reputation for     integrity, lead by example, and promote the company’s culture and values. We aim to create the
                                                                                                                              Chair’s introduction to
     high standards     space and opportunities to help our employees make a difference and do the right thing, always.
                                                                                                                              governance page 104
     of business        Our Freedom to Succeed employee value proposition aims to instil, promote, reinforce, and
     conduct            reward the positive behaviours and attributes that make that real. Our focus is on maintaining        Corporate Governance
                        an open, positive and inclusive culture by promoting continuing dialogue across Reckitt.              Report pages 121 to 122
                        Connections are forged across Reckitt in many ways, including Board site visits, virtual townhalls,
                        regular CEO emails to employees and all-employee surveys. Our Compass and Leadership                  Report of Directors’
                        Behaviours monitor a consistent standard of cultural expectations across the Company.                 page 190

                        The CRSEC Committee reports to the Board after each of its meetings, providing an update
                        on Reckitt’s ethics and compliance priorities, including the Group’s Speak Up programme.


 (f) the need to act    The 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM) provided an opportunity for the Board to engage                 Stakeholder Engagement
     fairly as          directly with shareholders. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the AGM was held as a               page 60
     between            closed meeting. Despite being unable to meet shareholders in person, we invited shareholders
                                                                                                                              Chair’s introduction to
     Reckitt’s          to submit questions in advance of the meeting or during the meeting in real time.
                                                                                                                              governance page 107
     shareholders
                        In addition, during the year, we were pleased to launch our investor seminar series. The series
                        seeks to provide ‘bite-size’ look-ins on the progress we have made in our transformation to
                        deliver sustainable growth. The first event provided investors with an opportunity to hear from
                        the broader senior management team, including overviews on the business units and specific
                        areas of the business such as R&D and innovation.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                   69
     S172 Statement (Continued)




     DECISION-MAKING IN PRACTICE AND TAKING
     STAKEHOLDER VIEWS INTO ACCOUNT
             SALE OF IFCN CHINA
             During the year we took decisive action to strengthen our          in line with the Group strategy, assessing the advantages
             portfolio, following a strategic review of the IFCN business       and disadvantages for stakeholders of selling the IFCN
             in China. The Board carefully considered the proposal to sell      business in China. In addition, the Board reviewed how IFCN
             Reckitt’s IFCN business in China. Board discussions identified     China could be separated efficiently, including separation of
             that trading conditions had been difficult for the IFCN business   the corporate structure while also considering the impact
             in China including, as a result of the ongoing restrictions on     on corporate functions, including employees. The Board
             cross-border trade between Hong Kong S.A.R. and mainland           also ensured protection for the employees through
             China, the impact of increased local competition, and a            provisions in the sale and purchase agreement.
             slowing down of birth rates. Additionally, operating margins
                                                                                After a thorough review, the Board announced the sale of
             had been impacted by product write-offs due to lack of trade
                                                                                IFCN China to investment company, Primavera. The Board
             between Hong Kong S.A.R. and mainland China. The COVID-19
                                                                                considered the long-term interests of stakeholders and
             pandemic and the resultant recession had further impacted
                                                                                concluded that the sale of IFCN China would create
             IFCN performance in China.
                                                                                stakeholder value and be in the best interests of the
             As part of the Board’s decision-making, stakeholder views          company, aligning to our strategy and growth expectations.
             were considered including feedback from investors and the          Our Nutrition business is now stronger and more
             need to create long-term value for shareholders. The Board         concentrated in markets such as North America,
             assessed in detail the strategic options for the IFCN business     Latin America, and ASEAN.




     RB REBRANDING AS RECKITT
     The Board considered management’s proposal to rebrand
     as Reckitt, to reflect the company’s renewed Purpose, Fight,
     Compass, and Leadership Behaviours. The Board reviewed the
     proposal for the rebranding as Reckitt, considering the benefits
     for stakeholders in the long term. Stakeholder perspectives played
     a key role in the Board’s decision to approve and subsequently
     launch the new Reckitt brand. During the decision-making process,
     the Board reflected on the 200-year history of the company, the
     transformation journey of the business and our current corporate
     Purpose. The new Reckitt name draws upon the legacy of the
     founders of the business as well as our connection to Hull, UK.
     Reckitt reflects the existing widespread usage of Reckitt by key
     stakeholders and is clearer, simpler and more memorable, whilst
                                                                                      performance, influencing opinions and decision-making about
     retaining positive associations with the company’s heritage.
                                                                                      our products, as well as whether to invest in, partner with, or work
     The importance of branding formed part of Board discussion,                      for Reckitt. In addition, the Board considered that stakeholders
     noting that branding acts as a trust mark for our stakeholders,                  expect heightened levels of transparency and that in attracting
     most notably employees, customers, and investors – but also                      talent and potential employees, they look for companies with a
     governments, regulators, civil society (NGOs) and increasingly                   good corporate reputation which are aligned to their values. The
     our consumers. The Board acknowledged that global digitisation,                  redevelopment of the corporate identity from RB to Reckitt is a
     including the internet and social media, has made corporate                      key milestone for the company’s ongoing journey of transformation
     brands more visible and increasingly valuable. Creating a consistent             towards sustainable growth and reflects our renewed Purpose and
     and visible brand online allows our consumers, customers and                     strategy. The new brand is built on how stakeholders recognise
     partners to get a deeper and clearer view of our behaviour and                   the brand; it is more powerful, consistent, and impactful.




70
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                   Financial Statements




NEW SUSTAINABILITY AMBITIONS TO 2030
The approval of our new sustainability ambitions to 2030 was a key
decision for the Board during the year. The proposed sustainability
ambitions were reviewed by the Board at its February meeting and
our new ambitions for a cleaner, healthier world were launched in
March, backed by an investment of more than £1 billion over the
next ten years to ensure we meet our goals.

By 2030, our bold ambitions are to reach half the world with
products that contribute to a cleaner, healthier world; engage
two billion people through our programmes, partnerships, and
campaigns; create a lasting impact in communities; and, together
with our partners, contribute to delivering the UN Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). Our sustainability ambitions are broken
down into three focus areas, reflective of our Purpose, and include:
purpose-led brands; healthier planet; and fairer society, addressing
our commitment to ESG factors. The Board considered the                including SDGs; internal evaluation including business strategy
interests and expectations of our stakeholders in the sustainability   development and leadership perspectives; and input from
and ESG fields, including: market and benchmarking assessments         investors. The Board discussed the need for clear targets,
of competitor, customer and consumer positions; consideration of       outcomes for the business, the importance of measurability to
investor focus and ESG metrics; external stakeholder implications,     enable reporting and what it meant to be carbon neutral by 2040.




BIOFREEZE ACQUISITION
In July 2021, it was announced that Reckitt had completed the
acquisition of Biofreeze. The Board considered carefully the
position of the brand in the market, the growth possibilities of
topical analgesics in the US pain market and advantages for our
stakeholders. The Board decided that Biofreeze was a strong
strategic fit with Reckitt’s pain portfolio and represented a
unique opportunity for Reckitt in the US pain market. The Board
acknowledged that the acquisition represented a unique and
exciting opportunity to unlock value for Reckitt’s shareholders and
investors through Reckitt’s expertise, global operating footprint,
and infrastructure. Biofreeze is a perfect fit with Reckitt’s Health
platform and deepens Reckitt’s presence within the broader
pain category.
                                                                       a history of being used by athletes and professionals, and has a
The Biofreeze brand serves our consumers through tapping into          strong clinical foundation, placing the brand in a trusted position to
the growing consumer global trend for wellness and self-care,          serve our consumers. In addition, the Board’s review of Biofreeze
and aligns with our strategy to build a US Health footprint in new     identified that the brand has strong existing partnerships in place
spaces and places. The acquisition presents benefits for Reckitt’s     and a number one position on Amazon. These factors, and the
stakeholders, who are highly interested in safe and effective          value the brand will provide for Reckitt’s stakeholders, contributed
alternatives, consistent with Biofreeze’s positioning. Biofreeze has   to the Board’s decision to approve the acquisition.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         71
     Non-Financial Information Statement


     The information below is intended to help our stakeholders understand our position on key non-financial matters, following the new
     non‑financial reporting requirements contained in sections 414C(7), 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006.

     Reporting                           Policies and standards which
     requirements                        govern our approach                             Additional information and risk management
     Environmental matters               • Environmental policy                          Group Environmental Management System1
                                         • Sourcing for sustainable growth               Our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions                                              Pages 16-17
                                           policy                                        Our Sustainability Performance                                                 Pages 18-19
                                         • Plastics Pledge                               Environment                                                                    Pages 63-65
                                                                                         Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 2                   Pages 66-67
     Employees                           •   Code of Conduct                             Our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions                                              Pages 16-17
                                         •   Our Values                                  Our Sustainability Performance                                                 Pages 18-19
                                         •   Occupational Health & Safety                People                                                                         Pages 46-49
                                         •   Speak Up policy                             CRSEC Committee Report                                                         Pages 141-147
                                         •   Sourcing for sustainable growth             Gender Pay Gap Report
                                             policy                                      Group Occupational Health & Safety Management System1
     Human rights                        • Policy on Human Rights and                    Our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions                                              Pages 16-17
                                           Responsible Business                          Our Sustainability Performance                                                 Pages 18-19
                                         • Modern Slavery Act Statement                  Building partnerships with stakeholders                                        Pages 52-65
                                         • Commitments to international                  Environment                                                                    Pages 63-65
                                           standards
     Social and community                • Breast-Milk Substitute (BMS)                  Our commitment to auditing and transparency on BMS
     matters                               Marketing Policy                              Our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions                                              Pages 16-17
                                         • Product Safety Policy                         Our Sustainability Performance                                                 Pages 18-19
                                         • Responsible Marketing Policy                  Customers                                                                      Pages 52-53
                                                                                         Communities                                                                    Pages 61-62
                                                                                         Social Impact Investment Report
     Anti-bribery and                    • Code of Conduct                               People                                                                         Pages 46-49
     anti-corruption                     • Speak Up policy                               CRSEC Committee Report                                                         Pages 141-147
     Policy embedding, due                                                               Risk Management and Principal Risks                                            Pages 88-103
     diligence and outcomes                                                              CRSEC Committee Report                                                         Pages 141-147
     Principal risks and impact                                                          Principal Risks                                                                Pages 92-100
     of business activity
     Description of business                                                             Our Business Model                                                             Pages 14-15
     model
     Non-financial key                                                                                                                                                  Pages 18-19
     performance indicators

     1.   Information not in the public domain

     2.   Detailed TCFD disclosure can be found in our Climate Change Insight

     Most of our reporting on these topics and KPIs are contained in our Strategic Report under the sections entitled Our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions, Our Sustainability
     Performance and Building partnerships with stakeholders and Risk Management (or are incorporated into the Strategic Report by reference for these purposes from the pages
     noted). Reckitt has formulated appropriate policies and due diligence procedures regarding all the non-financial information presented in this Annual Report. We make it our
     responsibility to follow legislation and policy diligently. Insights into key policies and due diligence procedures, and the basis and methodological principles for the collation of
     our key sustainability metrics, can be found online at www.reckitt.com/sustainability/policies-and-reports/.



     GENDER DIVERSITY1
     Definition: the percentage of women in our global workforce.

     Target: expand our focus on diversity and talent by improving the retention rates of women from managers to senior managers. This is in line
     with our goal of doubling the number of women in senior management roles from a 2016 baseline.

     Board Directors                                              All managers                                                 Other employees2
     7 (2020: 7) male                                             7,913 (2020: 8,596) male                                     20,491 (2020: 21,611) male
     5 (2020: 5) female                                           7,715 (2020: 8,286) female                                   16,172 (2020: 17,300) female

     1.   Diversity data is taken as of 31 December 2021 for active Reckitt employees (excluding contractors)

     2.   31 persons with undisclosed gender




72
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                                     Financial Statements




GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION
Metric                                                                                           Unit                                                 2021                2020 3
Total Scope 1 GHG emissions                                                                      tCO2e                                            120,346              131,496
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions                                                                      tCO2e                                              13,289              117,297
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions                                                          tCO2e                                            133,635              248,793
Emissions intensity1                                                                             tCO2e per unit of production                      0.0390               0.0701 4
Energy consumption resulting in above GHG emissions                                              kWh                                       1,287,371,165        1,373,207,532
Proportion of GHG emissions arising from UK operations                                           %                                                       14                   10
Proportion of energy consumption arising from UK operations                                      %                                                        11                  12

We reported the above emissions on a market-based approach in line with the WRI/WBSCD Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 2 Guidance
and our Reporting Criteria. Following a location-based approach, our Scope 2 emissions for 2021 were 254,801 tonnes of CO2e (2020: 266,072 3)
and our total Scope 1 and 2 tonnes of CO2e were 375,147 (2020: 397,5683).

Our GHG and energy data includes emissions and energy consumption from operations covered by the Group Financial Statements for which
we have operational control. Where we acquire new businesses, we include their emissions and energy consumption from the first full
calendar year of our ownership onwards. 2 CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, is the effective amount of CO2 generated by all gas emissions
which add to the greenhouse effect and global warming.

1.   The scope of our GHG emissions per unit of production KPI is for manufacturing and warehousing. Including R&D and offices the GHG emissions intensity per unit of
     production in 2021 and 2020 would be 0.042 tCO2 e and 0.072 tCO 2 e respectively

2.   For further information on the methodologies used to calculate our emissions and energy metrics please see our Reporting Criteria Basis of Preparation

3.   2020 figures updated due to improved methodology for calculating GHG associated with commercial offices, plus data reporting system updates

4.   Emissions Intensity per unit of production is restated for 2020 to reflect the change from KCU (1000 consumer units) to tonnes for unit of production. This changes provides
     a more unified measure across our three business units



Our policies
Anti-bribery and corruption
Our policy is that all Reckitt companies, employees and contractors must comply with the anti-bribery, anti-corruption and competition laws
of all countries in which they operate. Directors and managers must ensure that the employees and contractors they supervise are aware of
and comply with this policy. All employees and contractors must certify annually that they have complied with our Code of Conduct and the
Audit Committee reviews internal audit findings in relation to this.
Employee policies
Reckitt’s Code of Conduct governs standards of conduct in relation to our employees, as well as our stakeholders. In addition, Reckitt has
policies committing to equal opportunities at work and to providing a safe and healthy working environment. Health and safety performance
is monitored through our Group Occupational Health and Safety Management system, enabling us to investigate any incidents and take any
necessary action. We have a Speak Up policy and process, allowing any employee or third party to confidentially report a violation of the Code
of Conduct, local law or regulation, or unethical behaviour.
Environmental policy
This sets out our objectives for reducing our environmental impacts. It requires us to comply with relevant legislation, consider environmental
issues in key decisions, and engage with multiple stakeholders for better environmental performance.
Product safety policy
The purpose of this policy is to assure our stakeholders of the safety of our products by describing our approach to Safety Assurance for
products of Reckitt. We have a responsibility to develop products that are as safe and nourishing as they can be; to monitor their in-use safety
and listen to feedback from users, and if things change, to react quickly and effectively to mitigate harm.
Responsible Marketing Policy
This sets out Reckitt’s approach to responsible marketing. It outlines clear requirements to anyone involved in preparing Reckitt marketing
communications and activities. This applies to everyone at Reckitt, particularly the Marketing function, as well as with external partners.
To ensure adoption, Reckitt is investing a robust training module on the policy, so that everybody understands what is required of them.
Compliance will be systematically measured, and we will monitor ongoing feedback through our consumer care lines or Speak Up Line.
Sourcing for sustainable growth policy
The policy sets out Reckitt’s human rights, health & safety, environment and sourcing requirements we expect our business partners to
meet. It encompasses principles of the International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organisation’s (ILO) Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. We also follow the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. The policy details the Framework which sets out
standards to drive us to conduct business with honesty and integrity, respect human rights, provide a safe and healthy working environment,
use safe and sustainable ingredients, source raw materials responsibly and protect the environment.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                             73
     Group Financial Review




     CONTINUED
     STRONG FINANCIAL
     PERFORMANCE
     Jeff Carr
     Chief Financial Officer
                               We delivered another strong performance
                               in 2021.
                               Group net revenue of £13,234 million grew by 3.5% on a LFL
                               basis in 2021, reflecting volume growth of 0.6% and price/mix
                               improvements of 2.9%. Performance was driven by strong
                               growth in Hygiene, particularly in North America. Lysol saw good
                               growth off the back of an outstanding 2020, as core consumption
                               remained strong, and we gained further penetration in the laundry
                               sanitiser segment. Total net revenue at actual exchange rates
                               was down 5.4%, reflecting net M&A impact of -3.8% and foreign
                               exchange headwinds of 5.1%.

                               The two-year stacked LFL net revenue growth for 2021 vs 2019
                               (the summation of the year-on-year growth rates for 2021 and
                               2020) for the group was 17.4%. This was driven by two-year
                               stacked LFL net revenue growth of 27% in Hygiene, and 12%
                               and 6% in Health and Nutrition, respectively.

                               Our in-market competitiveness remains strong. 62% of our Core
                               Category Market Units (CMUs), excluding IFCN China, held or gained
                               share. In Hygiene it was 57% and in Health and Nutrition it was 61%
                               and 72%, respectively (weighted by net revenue).

                               During the year, COVID continued to impact net revenue. Around
                               70% of our portfolio, representing brands less sensitive to COVID
                               dynamics, grew mid-single-digits. The remaining 30% of our
                               portfolio which includes Lysol, Dettol and our cold and flu brands
                               (Mucinex, Strepsils and Lemsip) have been more volatile reflecting
                               fluctuations in COVID related demand.

                               E-commerce net revenue¹, excluding IFCN China, grew by
                               17% in 2021 and now accounts for 12% of group net revenue.
                               The two-year stacked growth is over 85%.




74
Strategic Report                                           Governance             Financial Statements




                                                                                                  3.5%
Our Global Business Solutions (GBS) has further developed its
channel and geographic footprint through partnerships with
operators such as Diversey. We have taken market share within the
sectors in which we participate, although overall performance in
2021 was impacted by a slower return to travel and workplaces
than originally anticipated.1

Adjusted gross margin (excluding IFCN China) was 58.5%, (2020:                                    LFL net revenue growth1
60.5%) a reduction of 200bps. The reduction in gross margin was
principally driven by c.11% cost inflation, partially mitigated by
productivity initiatives (+250bps) and pricing and mix (+80bps).




                                                                                           22.9%
Adjusted operating profit (excluding IFCN China) was £2,944 million
(2020: £3,216 million) at an adjusted operating margin of 22.9%
(2020: 24.5%) in line with our guidance of 22.7-23.2%. The
reduction of -160bps was principally driven by gross margin
(-200bps) partially offset by productivity efficiencies in BEI
spend (60bps).

Adjusted operating margin (including IFCN China) was 21.7%                                     adjusted operating margin
(2020: 23.6%). As previously communicated, IFCN China                                                    excl. IFCN China1
experienced challenging trading throughout the nine months                                                    2020: 24.5%
of ownership in 2021, as well as c.£40 million of exit costs incurred
just prior to the transfer of the business which diluted adjusted
operating margin in 2021.




                                                                                              -5.4%
The IFRS operating loss was £804 million (2020: £2,160 million
profit). The IFRS operating loss in 2021 included a pre-tax loss of
£3,353 million in relation to the strategic review and disposal of
IFCN China and pre-tax losses of £234 million from the sale of
Scholl and EnfaBebé brand in Argentina.

Total adjusted diluted EPS was 288.5p in 2021 (IFRS: -4.5p loss per
share), 11.8% lower than 2020 due to the lower adjusted operating                                IFRS net revenue growth
profit and the adverse impact of foreign exchange.                                       2021: £13,234m (2020: £13,993m)
The 2021 proposed dividend of 174.6p remains in line with 2020
consistent with our approach of sustaining 2019 levels to rebuild
dividend cover to two times. Thereafter, we will grow the dividend




                                                                                                 -6.1%
progressively in line with adjusted net income.

Free cash flow was £1,258 million in 2021 (2020: £3,052 million).
As expected, this was lower than the prior year due to the partial
unwind of significant working capital favourability experienced
in 2020. Capital investment to support our growth and margin
ambitions was £441 million, 3.3% of Group net revenue.
                                                                                                    IFRS operating margin
Net debt ended the year 2.6x adjusted EBITDA (2020: 2.4x
                                                                                                              2020: 15.4%
adjusted EBITDA).




1.   Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, definitions and terms are defined on
     page 81




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                      75
     Group Financial Review (Continued)




     HYGIENE
     Net Revenue 2021                                                      £m      Volume      Price/Mix            LFL           FX        GAAP
     FY 2021                                                              5,911        5.1%         2.4%          7.5%         -5.9%          1.6%

                                                                                                                          Constant
     Operating Profit                                                                                               £m     FX (CER)         GAAP
     Adjusted Operating Profit                                                                                    1,401        -1.3%        -6.9%
     Adjusted Operating Profit Margin %                                                                          23.7%                    -220bps


     2021 PERFORMANCE                                                         Vanish net revenue grew double-digits driven by reduced
                                                                              confinements of consumers versus the prior year and the success
     Hygiene net revenue grew 7.5% on a LFL basis to £5,911 million for
                                                                              of our purpose led marketing campaign. Harpic grew mid-single-
     the full-year. Volume grew by 5.1% and price/mix improved by 2.4%.
                                                                              digits as a result of continued penetration activities in key markets.
     Price increases taken in the latter half of 2021 were offset by a
                                                                              Our Pest business delivered low-single-digits growth.
     return to more normalised promotion levels, especially in North
     America. On a two-year stacked LFL basis, net revenue is up 27%.         Adjusted operating profit for Hygiene at £1,401 million was down
                                                                              1.3% on a constant foreign exchange basis and 6.9% on an actual
     Growth was broad-based across our core categories and regions,
                                                                              basis. Our industry leading adjusted operating margin was 23.7%.
     with over 57% of Core Hygiene CMUs (weighted by net revenue)
                                                                              Higher raw material and transportation costs were partially
     growing or holding share. E-commerce net revenue grew by 28%
                                                                              mitigated by record productivity savings, pricing and volume
     and we continue to have better market share positions online,
                                                                              leverage leading to a -220bps decline in adjusted operating
     driven by our improved capabilities in go-to-market and digital
                                                                              margin versus the prior year.
     demand creation.

     Lysol continued the positive momentum, with net revenues up
     high-single-digits on a LFL basis in 2021 following well over 70%
     growth in 2020. Growth was driven by increased consumption
     due to the pandemic as well as strong growth in new spaces
     (e.g. Laundry Sanitisers) and new places. Lysol has continued
     to gain market share and significantly contributed to category
     growth, especially in Laundry Sanitisers, where we see significant
     further penetration growth potential. Overall, Lysol revenue was
     c.90% higher than 2019.

     Finish continued its growth momentum with net revenue growing
     by mid-single-digits in 2021. Revenue growth was particularly
     strong in Europe and Developing Markets driven by our focus on
     category building, and penetration growth with superior solutions
     in our premium Finish Quantum product. E-commerce significantly
     contributed to the brand’s success.

     Air Wick net revenue grew double-digits. This was led by the
     US driven by strong market growth and market share gains.
     Air Wick’s scented oils natural range together with the launch
     of purpose inspired marketing campaigns in partnership with
     the World Wildlife Fund significantly accelerated Air Wick’s
     growth momentum.




76
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                           Financial Statements




HEALTH
Net Revenue 2021                                            £m         Volume    Price/Mix           LFL     Net M&A              FX        GAAP
FY 2021                                                   4,646          -2.1%        2.0%         -0.1%         -0.4%         -4.5%         -5.0%

                                                                                                                           Constant
Operating Profit                                                                                                    £m      FX (CER)        GAAP
Adjusted Operating Profit                                                                                         1,187        -5.5%         -11.0%
Adjusted Operating Profit Margin %                                                                               25.5%                    -180bps


2021 PERFORMANCE                                                             from a brand focus to a category centric portfolio of global
                                                                             lifestyle brands.
Health net revenue of £4,646 million was broadly flat in 2021 versus
2020 on a LFL basis. Volume declined 2.1%, reflecting primarily              OTC net revenue grew by low-single-digits in 2021 but declined by
the reduction in Dettol volumes. Price/mix improved by 2.0%.                 low-single-digits on a two-year stack basis, driven predominantly
                                                                             by very low incidences of cold & flu in 2020 and the spring of
On a two-year stacked LFL basis, net revenue is up 12%,
                                                                             2021. Within OTC our less seasonally impacted brand of Gaviscon
reflecting the higher consumption rates for some of our brands,
                                                                             delivered strong growth in both 2020 and 2021 driven by market
the broadening of our brands to new places and spaces, and
                                                                             share gains, and increased distribution into new places such as
the actions we have taken on portfolio management to create
                                                                             India and parts of Latin America. Our cold and flu relief brands,
a faster growth business.
                                                                             including Mucinex, Strepsils and Lemsip, were adversely impacted
The disposal of Scholl and acquisition of Biofreeze, combined,               by extremely low incidences of cold and flu, and resultant high
contributed 40bps decline to reported Health net revenue growth              levels of retailer stock in the first half of the year, offset by strong
for the full-year.                                                           start to the season in the second half. Importantly we have made
                                                                             good progress in our growth drivers during 2021; we entered into
In 2021 Health delivered strong market share gains, with 61%
                                                                             an adjacent category (new space) with the successful launch of
of Core Health CMUs (weighted by net revenue) growing or
                                                                             Mucinex InstaSoothe, sore throat relief, in the second half of the
holding share.
                                                                             year. We also launched into new places with the rollout of Nuromol
Dettol net revenue declined low double-digits in the year                    – a unique and exclusive formulation of Ibuprofen and Paracetamol
following exceptional growth in 2020. The brand has continued                – into Brazil – a top 5 market globally for analgesics. And we made
to stabilise with net revenue up over 40% compared to 2019, for              a strategically important entry into the world’s large analgesic
both the year as a whole and in the fourth quarter. We delivered             market with the acquisition of Biofreeze in the US. Biofreeze a fast
a number of successful product launches during the year, including           growing, efficacious, topical analgesic brand, will benefit from
‘Dettol Tru Clean’ – our first plant-based disinfectant, quickly             Reckitt’s strong distribution platform in the US, and its global
establishing itself as one of the larger eco brands in the UK.               category expertise and innovation capability. Since the acquisition
We have a strong pipeline of innovations launching in 2022                   Biofreeze has delivered double-digit LFL growth.
and are targeting Dettol to continue its strong, sustainable
                                                                             Our personal care portfolio, following the sale of Scholl in H1 2021,
growth trajectory.
                                                                             has grown mid-single-digits led by our Veet brand. Growth was
Intimate Wellness delivered strong mid-teens growth in both 2021             driven by our focus on new channels with high-single-digit growth
and on a two-year stack, led by our flagship brands of Durex and             in our e-commerce platforms, the expansion of Veet for Men, and
KY. Growth is underpinned by a renewed focus on execution                    our entry into new spaces such as Veet Minima/Pure.
fundamentals, innovation, investment behind omnichannel
                                                                             Adjusted operating profit for Health at £1,187 million was down
growth across e-commerce and new ‘impulse access models’.
                                                                             5.5% on a constant foreign exchange basis. Adjusted operating
In particular, we have seen strong growth in China from our recent
                                                                             margin was 25.5%, a reduction of 180bps year-on-year. The decline
and successful polyurethane Durex condom launch. KY has driven
                                                                             is due to the impact of a weak cold and flu season, further
renewed momentum from its digital-first, culturally connected
                                                                             investment behind capabilities and a deteriorating input cost
advertising and media strategy, which has sparked new points
                                                                             environment. This was partially mitigated by our productivity
of trial and captured incremental households in the US during the
                                                                             programme and some pricing taken in the second half of 2021.
year. Growth in a number of our developing markets has also been
strong, with increased distribution and improved display execution,
to win in impulse points. As a result, Durex has now become
the number 2 condom brand in India. We see significant growth
opportunities within our Intimate Wellness business as we pivot




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 77
     Group Financial Review (Continued)




     NUTRITION
     Net Revenue 2021                                             £m         Volume   Price/Mix           LFL    Net M&A              FX        GAAP
     FY 2021                                                    2,677         -4.9%        5.5%         0.6%        -14.4%         -4.8%        -18.6%
     FY 2021 (ex IFCN China)                                    2,294         -4.9%        5.5%         0.6%          0.2%         -6.2%        -5.4%

                                                                                                                              Constant
     Operating Profit                                                                                                   £m     FX (CER)         GAAP
     Adjusted Operating Profit                                                                                         289        -31.2%       -37.4%
     Adjusted Operating Profit Margin %                                                                              10.8%                    -330bps
     Adjusted Operating Profit (ex IFCN China)                                                                         356          2.4%        -5.6%
     Adjusted Operating Profit Margin % (ex IFCN China)                                                              15.5%                 Unchanged


     2021 PERFORMANCE                                                             the significant decline in IFCN China net revenue. Excluding IFCN
                                                                                  China, adjusted operating profit for Nutrition was £356 million
     Nutrition net revenue grew by 0.6% on a LFL basis in the full-year at
                                                                                  (15.5% margin).
     £2,677 million, and grew 6% on a two-year stack. Within this, our
     IFCN business grew consistently over the past two years at                   IFCN China
     low-single digit growth, with our VMS business delivering very               The disposal of IFCN China completed on 9 September 2021.
     strong growth in 2020, offset by a weaker 2021 as it lapped the              The business contributed net revenue of £383 million and an
     very strong comparatives. For 2021 volume declined 4.9% and we               adjusted operating loss of £67 million in 2021 to the date of sale,
     delivered price/mix improvements of 5.5% as pricing was taken in             with a challenging and competitive trading environment
     a number of markets. Actual net revenue declined 18.6% primarily             throughout the year, and c.£40 million of exit costs incurred
     as a result of the performance and disposal of IFCN China which              immediately prior to the transfer of the business.
     completed in September.

     Market share performance was strong, with 72% of our Core
     Nutrition CMUs (weighted by net revenue) holding or gaining
     market share for the year, excluding IFCN China.

     IFCN net revenue grew 3% on a LFL basis. The US business, which
     represents around half of IFCN net revenue, grew mid-single-
     digits. Growth in our speciality brands was strong, we gained
     share in the important non-WIC portion of the market, and further
     expanded our adult nutrition offering with the launch of Provital
     in ASEAN and Sustagen in the developing markets. Latin America
     grew low single-digits, whilst ASEAN was down slightly, with
     better momentum in the second half of the year in part driven
     by improvements in competitiveness in key ASEAN markets.

     Net revenue in our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business
     declined high-single-digits. This was primarily the result of a
     reduction in demand for Airborne following exceptional growth
     in 2020, plus increased competitive challenges. Despite these
     challenges, net revenue in 2021 significantly exceeded 2019 levels.
     Move Free grew strongly in both the US and China, and Neuriva, has
     become the leader in the US for household penetration in the brain
     category, with net revenue doubling in 2021.

     Adjusted operating profit for Nutrition at £289 million was 31.2%
     lower on a constant foreign exchange basis and 37.4% lower on an
     actual basis. Adjusted operating margin was 10.8%, down 330bps
     year-on-year reflecting principally the negative leverage related to




78
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                   Financial Statements




ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL
COMMENTARY
The following section should be read in conjunction with the
FY 2021 Review from page 74 and the Adjusted Performance
                                                                      EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
                                                                      Total adjusted diluted EPS was 288.5p (2020: 327.0p). The decrease
Measures section from page 81.
                                                                      in 2021 was principally due to lower adjusted operating profit and
                                                                      the adverse impact of foreign exchange.
GROUP OPERATING PROFIT                                                IFRS total diluted EPS was a loss per share of 4.5p (2020: earnings
Adjusted operating profit was £2,877 million (2020: £3,301 million)
                                                                      per share of 166.3p), principally due to the net loss in relation to the
at an adjusted operating margin of 21.7%, 190bps lower than the
                                                                      strategic review of IFCN China.
prior year (2020: 23.6%). Adjusted operating margin excluding
IFCN China was 22.9% (2020: 24.5%), 160bps lower than prior year.
Adjusted operating profit in 2021 included the favourable effect of   BALANCE SHEET
adjustments to trade spend and operational expenditure accruals,      At 31 December 2021, the Group had total equity of £7,453 million
certain of which were subject to significant estimation uncertainty   (31 December 2020: £9,159 million).
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic when originally recorded
                                                                      Current assets of £4,862 million (31 December 2020: £5,314 million)
in 2020.
                                                                      decreased by £452 million, principally as the result of lower cash
IFRS operating loss was £804 million (2020: £2,160 million profit)    and cash equivalents and lower inventories.
at an IFRS operating margin of minus 6.1% (2020: 15.4%). The
                                                                      Current liabilities of £8,088 million (31 December 2020: £6,938
IFRS operating loss in 2021 was principally driven by the loss of
                                                                      million) increased by £1,150 million. The increase is principally due
£3,353 million in relation to the IFCN China strategic review. The
                                                                      to the re-classification from non-current to current liabilities of
IFRS operating profit in 2020 included impairment charges of
                                                                      $3.2 billion (£2,401 million) of bonds which mature in June 2022,
£985 million in relation to IFCN goodwill.
                                                                      offset by lower trade and other payables and the repayment of
                                                                      commercial paper in 2021.
NET FINANCE EXPENSE                                                   Non-current assets of £21,941 million (31 December 2020: £25,978
Adjusted net finance expense was £220 million (2020: £260 million).
                                                                      million) are primarily comprised of goodwill and other intangible
The decrease in 2021 is due to lower average net debt, a credit on
                                                                      assets of £18,868 million (31 December 2020: £22,979 million) and
revaluation of a put option liability and a favourable comparison
                                                                      property, plant and equipment. The decrease of £4,037 million is
with prior year adjusted net finance expense which included the
                                                                      predominantly due to the disposal of goodwill and other intangible
interest element of a sales tax provision.
                                                                      assets relating to IFCN China and Scholl, partially offset by the
IFRS net finance income of £547 million (2020: £286 million net       recognition of goodwill and other intangible assets on the
finance expense) was principally driven by a £766 million net         acquisition of Biofreeze.
foreign exchange gain resulting from the liquidation of a number of
                                                                      Non-current liabilities of £11,405 million (31 December 2020: £15,195
subsidiaries to simplify the Group’s legal entity structure.
                                                                      million) decreased by £3,790 million. This decrease is principally
                                                                      due to the re-classification from non-current to current liabilities of
TAX                                                                   $3.2 billion (£2,401 million) of bonds which mature in June 2022, the
The adjusted effective tax rate was 22.0% (2020: 22.7%). The rate     early repayment of term loans and the reduction in deferred tax
in 2021 benefited from favourable updates to estimates in relation    liabilities as a result of the disposal of IFCN China.
to certain historical matters.

The IFRS tax rate was -80.0% (2020: 38.4%). The IFRS tax rate         NET WORKING CAPITAL
in 2021 was impacted by the effect of non-taxable net foreign         Negative net working capital was reduced by £347 million to
exchange gains on the liquidation of subsidiaries, the deferred tax   negative £1,882 million (2020: negative £2,229 million), or a
effect of disposals in the period and the impact of the UK tax rate   reduction of £194 million excluding IFCN China which was disposed
change on deferred tax on intangible assets.                          in 2021. Negative NWC as a percentage of net revenue was 14%
                                                                      (2020: 16%).
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                                               The reduction in negative NWC excluding IFCN China was the
Income from discontinued operations of £31 million (2020: £50         result of higher inventory and receivables, and as expected lower
million) relates to the Group’s RB Pharmaceuticals (now Indivior)     payables following the partial reversal of the favourable impact
business demerged in 2014. The amount in 2021 principally relates     on NWC in 2020.
to income from an agreement with Indivior plc to settle indemnity
claims relating to the Group’s settlement with the DoJ in 2019,
and related matters.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          79
     Group Financial Review (Continued)



     CASH FLOW                                                              Net debt at 31 December 2021 was £8,378 million (31 December
                                                                            2020: £8,954 million), a decrease of £576 million, as free cash flow
     Free cash flow
                                                   31 Dec       31 Dec      and net proceeds from M&A more than offset the dividend
     £m                                              2021         2020      payments in 2021.

     Adjusted Operating Profit                      2,877         3,301     The Group regularly reviews its banking arrangements and
     Depreciation and share-based payments            401           407     currently has adequate facilities available to it. The Group has
                                                                            committed facilities totalling £4,500 million (31 December 2020:
     Capital expenditure                              (441)        (476)
                                                                            £5,500 million), which expire after more than two years, which are
     Movement in working capital and                                        undrawn and available to draw. The Group remains compliant
     provisions                                      (356)         895      with its banking covenants. The committed borrowing facilities,
     Exceptional cash flow                             (86)         (46)    together with cash and cash equivalents, are considered sufficient
     Interest paid                                   (222)         (267)    to meet the Group’s projected cash requirements.

     Tax paid                                         (915)        (762)
     Free cash flow                                 1,258         3,052
                                                                            DIVIDENDS
                                                                            The Board of Directors recommends a final 2021 dividend of 101.6
     Free cash flow conversion                        61%          131%     pence (2020: 101.6 pence), consistent with its policy and guidance
                                                                            from February 2020. The ex-dividend date will be 28 April 2022
     Free cash flow (FCF) is the amount of cash generated from              and the dividend will be paid on 9 June 2022 to shareholders on
     continuing operating activities after net capital expenditure on       the register at the record date of 29 April 2022. The last date for
     property, plant and equipment and intangible software assets.          election for the share alternative to the dividend is 17 May 2022. The
     Free cash flow reflects cash flows that could be used for payment      final 2021 dividend will be accrued once approved by shareholders.
     of dividends, repayment of debt or to fund acquisitions or other
     strategic objectives.
                                                                            RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)
     Free cash flow as a percentage of continuing adjusted net income       ROCE in 2021 was 10.1%, in line with the prior year (2020: 10.1%),
     was 61% (2020: 131%). The lower free cash conversion in 2021           as lower adjusted operating profit was offset by lower average
     was expected, principally resulting from the partial unwind of         capital employed. The lower capital employed principally resulted
     significant working capital favourability experienced in the prior     from the disposal of IFCN China, which has been removed from
     year. Free cash flow in 2021 includes £203 million of transaction      capital employed from the date of disposal in September 2021.
     costs and cash tax relating to the disposal of IFCN China. Excluding
     cash outflows relating to the disposal of IFCN China, free cash flow
     conversion was 71% in 2021.
                                                                            CAPITAL RETURNS POLICY
                                                                            Reckitt has consistently communicated its intention to use its strong
     Net cash from operating activities was £1,697 million (2020: £3,518    cash flow for the benefit of shareholders. Our priority remains to
     million), down £1,821 million.                                         reinvest our financial resources back into the business, including
                                                                            through value-adding acquisitions, in order to deliver sustainable
     Net debt
                                                                            growth in net revenue and improving earnings per share over time.
                                                   31 Dec       31 Dec
     £m                                              2021         2020      In managing the balance sheet, we intend to maintain key financial
     Opening net debt                              (8,954)      (10,749)    ratios in line with those expected of an A-grade credit-rated
                                                                            business. This will broadly define acceptable levels of leverage
     Free cash flow                                 1,258         3,052
                                                                            over time.
     Shares reissued                                   80           131
                                                                            Repatriating cash to shareholders through a growing dividend remains
     Acquisitions, disposals and purchase of
                                                                            a long-term goal of the business. As a result of the investments being
     investments                                      694           (36)
                                                                            made during 2021, which will benefit long-term sustainable growth,
     Dividends paid                                 (1,263)      (1,257)    our pay-out for 2021 is in excess of our policy of paying an ordinary
     New lease liabilities in the year               (109)          (86)    dividend equivalent to c.50% of total adjusted net income.
     Exchange and other movements                     (82)            1     As set out in February 2020, we will maintain the dividend pay-out
     Cash flow attributable to discontinued                                 per share at 2019 levels until we rebuild dividend cover to target
     operations                                         (2)         (10)    levels, at which time we will be able to resume growth in
     Closing net debt                              (8,378)       (8,954)    dividends in line with the growth in adjusted net income.

                                                                            We will return surplus cash to shareholders as appropriate.




80
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                   Financial Statements




ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE
MEASURES
The financial information included in this preliminary announcement      •   The reclassification of finance expenses on tax balances
is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting             into income tax expense, to align with the Group’s tax
Standards (IFRS) as well as information presented on an adjusted             guidance. As a result, these expenses are presented as part
(non-IFRS) basis.                                                            of income tax expense on an adjusted basis.

Financial information presented on an adjusted basis excludes            •   Other individually material items of expense or income.
certain cash and non-cash items. These items have a pattern                  Some of these items are resolved over a period of time such
of recognition that is largely uncorrelated with the trading                 that the impact may affect more than one reporting period.
performance of the business. Management reviews the business             In the prior year, for presentational purposes adjusting items
on this basis for the purpose of making operating decisions and          were split into exceptional items, other adjusting items and the
showing these adjusted measures in addition to the IFRS measures         reclassification of finance expenses on tax balances. The change
provides useful additional information on trading performance to         to presentation of these items in the current year is to provide a
the users of the financial statements. These adjusted measures           clearer view of the nature of the Group’s adjusting items. There has
should not be considered in isolation from, substitutes for,             been no change in individual items classified as adjusting items.
or superior to the financial measures prepared in accordance
with IFRS.
                                                                         ADJUSTED MEASURES
The following items (adjusting items) are excluded from IFRS             •   Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Operating Profit
earnings in calculating adjusted earnings.                                   margin: Adjusted operating profit reflects the IFRS operating
                                                                             (loss)/profit excluding items in line with the Group’s adjusted
•   Impact of business combinations where IFRS accounting
                                                                             items policy. See page 84 for details on the adjusting items
    results in the recognition of certain costs that are not
                                                                             and a reconciliation between IFRS operating (loss)/profit and
    comparable with those for internally generated assets,
                                                                             adjusted operating profit. The adjusted operating profit margin
    (although the net revenues and other costs of these business
                                                                             is the adjusted operating profit expressed as a percentage of
    combinations are not adjusted for):
                                                                             net revenue.
    •   Amortisation of (a) acquired brands, trademarks and similar
                                                                         •   Adjusted tax rate: The adjusted tax rate is defined as the
        assets and (b) certain other intangible assets recorded
                                                                             Adjusted continuing income tax expense as a percentage of
        as the result of a business combination; Inventory fair
                                                                             Adjusted profit before tax.
        value adjustments;
                                                                         •   Adjusted diluted EPS: Adjusted diluted EPS is the IFRS
    •   Professional and advisor costs recorded as the result of
                                                                             diluted EPS excluding items in line with the Group’s adjusting
        a business combination; and
                                                                             policy. See page 84 for details on the adjusting items and a
    •   Changes to deferred tax liabilities relating to (a) acquired         reconciliation between IFRS net (loss)/income and adjusted net
        brands, trademarks and similar assets and (b) certain other          income. The weighted average number of shares for the period
        intangible assets recorded as the result of a business               is the same for both IFRS EPS and adjusted EPS.
        combination as the amortisation or profit on disposal
                                                                         •   Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest depreciation and
        of these brands would be treated as an adjusting item.
                                                                             amortisation): Adjusted operating profit less depreciation and
•   Profits or losses relating to the sale of brands and related             amortisation (excluding adjusting items).
    intangible assets as the continued active management of our
    portfolio results in the recognition of profits or losses relating
    to disposals of brands and related intangible assets which
    are largely uncorrelated with the trading performance of
    the business.
•   Re-cycled foreign exchange translation reserves upon the
    sale, liquidation, repayment of share capital or abandonment of
    a subsidiary previously controlled by the Group, as the gain or
    loss relates to mainly exchange movements in previous periods
    rather than the current period.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         81
     Group Financial Review (Continued)



     OTHER NON-GAAP MEASURES                                                  OTHER DEFINITIONS AND TERMS
     •   Like-for-like (LFL): Net revenue growth or decline at                •   Stacked Net Revenue Growth: The summation of the
         constant exchange rates (see below) excluding the impact of              like-for-like net revenue growth for the relevant period in 2021
         acquisitions, disposals and discontinued operations. Completed           and 2020 (excluding IFCN China), to provide visibility of growth
         disposals are excluded from LFL revenue growth for the                   versus periods prior to the start of the COVID-19 pandemic.
         entirety of the current and prior years. Acquisitions are included   •   Category Market Unit (CMU): Reckitt analyses its market share
         in LFL revenue growth twelve months after the completion of              by CMUs, which represent country and either brand or category,
         the relevant acquisition. LFL growth also excludes countries             e.g. US Lysol. This allows us to analyse the components of
         with annual inflation greater than 100% (Venezuela).                     market share growth taking into account both geography and
     •   Constant exchange rate (CER): Net revenue and profit growth              brand/category. Management has identified those Core CMUs
         or decline adjusting the actual consolidated results such that           that are the most strategically important. The list of Core CMUs
         the foreign currency conversion uses the same exchange rates             is kept under continual review and will change over time based
         as were applied in the prior period.                                     on strategic decisions. Currently, Core CMUs cover c.70% of
     •   Brand Equity Investment (BEI): BEI is the marketing                      Group net revenue and between c.65% to c.80% of each GBU’s
         support designed to capture the voice, mind and heart                    net revenue. As a measure of competitiveness, management
         of our consumers.                                                        tracks the percentage of Core CMUs holding or gaining market
                                                                                  share, weighted by net revenue.
     •   Net working capital (NWC): NWC is the total of inventory,
         trade and other receivables and trade and other payables.            •   E-commerce: E-commerce channel net revenue is direct
         NWC is calculated as a % of last twelve months net revenue               sales from Reckitt to online platforms or directly to consumers.
         to compare changes in NWC to the growth of the business.                 Estimates of total e-commerce sales as a percentage of
                                                                                  Group net revenues are calculated by adding e-commerce
     •   Net Debt: The Group’s principal measure of net borrowings
                                                                                  channel net revenue to an estimate of e-commerce sales
         being a total of cash and cash equivalents, short-term and
                                                                                  achieved by our brands through omnichannel distributors
         long-term borrowings, lease liabilities and derivative financial
                                                                                  and retailer websites.
         instruments on debt.
                                                                              •   Discontinued operations: Includes credits or charges related
     •   Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow Conversion: The Group’s
                                                                                  to the previously demerged RB Pharmaceuticals business
         principal measure of cash flow defined as net cash generated
                                                                                  that became Indivior plc. Net income from discontinued
         from continuing operating activities less net capital
                                                                                  operations is presented as a single line item in the Group
         expenditure. A reconciliation of cash generated from
                                                                                  Income Statement.
         operations to Free Cash Flow is shown on page 83. The Group
         tracks Free Cash Flow as a % of adjusted net income to               •   Return on capital employed (ROCE): Is defined as adjusted
         understand the conversion of adjusted profit into cash.                  operating profit after tax divided by monthly average capital
                                                                                  employed. Capital employed comprises total assets less current
                                                                                  liabilities other than borrowings-related liabilities. Total assets
                                                                                  exclude cash, retirement benefit surplus, current tax and a
                                                                                  technical gross-up to goodwill that arises because of deferred
                                                                                  tax liabilities recorded against identified assets acquired in
                                                                                  business combinations. Total assets has been adjusted to
                                                                                  add back impairments of Goodwill except where the impaired
                                                                                  asset has been disposed or partially disposed. Current liabilities
                                                                                  exclude legal provisions recorded as a result of exceptional
                                                                                  items and current tax.

                                                                              •   Net revenue attributable to ‘more sustainable’ products:
                                                                                  A product is defined as ‘more sustainable’ when it scores
                                                                                  ‘better’ on one of the five parameters (carbon, water, plastics,
                                                                                  packaging and ingredients) at time of launch using our
                                                                                  Sustainable Innovation Calculator (a streamlined Lifecycle
                                                                                  Assessment tool that models the environmental impacts of
                                                                                  products). The net revenue from ‘more sustainable’ products is
                                                                                  expressed as a percentage of total net revenue. The calculation
                                                                                  is done on the basis of a 12 month period ending September
                                                                                  (to allow assembling the related data). This percentage does
                                                                                  not apply to infant formula.




82
Strategic Report                                           Governance                                      Financial Statements




RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO LIKE-FOR-LIKE NET REVENUE BY GBU                    RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING CASH FLOW TO FREE CASH FLOW
Net Revenue                    Hygiene       Health Nutrition      Group                                                          31 Dec     31 Dec
31 December 2021                    £m          £m        £m          £m                                                            2021       2020
2020 IFRS                          5,816     4,890        3,287    13,993                                                             £m         £m

Disposals                                –     (176)       (885)    (1,061)   Cash generated from continuing
                                                                              operations                                           2,836      4,557
2020 Like-for-like                 5,816      4,714      2,402     12,932
                                                                              Less: net interest paid                               (222)      (267)
2021 IFRS                           5,911    4,646        2,677    13,234
                                                                              Less: tax paid                                        (915)      (762)
M&A                                      –     (142)       (403)     (545)
                                                                              Less: purchase of property, plant
Exchange                             340       207          143         690
                                                                              & equipment                                           (373)      (394)
2021 Like-for-like                 6,251      4,711       2,417    13,379
                                                                              Less: purchase of intangible assets                    (77)       (92)
Like-for-like growth                7.5%     (0.1)%       0.6%      3.5%
                                                                              Plus: proceeds from the sale of property,
2020 Like-for-like1                19.5%      12.1%       0.0%      11.8%     plant & equipment                                        9         10
Impact of IFCN China                     –        –        5.4%      2.1%     Free Cash Flow                                       1,258      3,052
2020 Like-for-like excl.                                                      Free Cash Flow Conversion                             61%       131%
IFCN China1                        19.5%      12.1%       5.4%     13.9%

2021 2 year stack                 27.0%      12.0%        6.0%      17.4%
                                                                              ROCE CALCULATION
                                                                                                                                  31 Dec     31 Dec
1   See page 87 for reconciliation to IFRS
                                                                                                                                    2021       2020
                                                                                                                                      £m         £m
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA TO NET DEBT                                 Adjusted Operating Profit                            2,877      3,301
                                                       31 Dec      31 Dec     Less: Taxation on adjusted operating
                                                         2021        2020     profit                                                (633)      (750)
Adjusted EBITDA/Net debt                                   £m          £m     Adjusted Net Operating Profit after
Operating (loss)/profit                                 (804)        2,160    Tax                                                 2,244       2,551
Less: Adjusting items                                   3,681         1,141   IFRS total assets                                   26,946     31,292
Adjusted Operating Profit                              2,877         3,301    IFRS total current liabilities                      (8,088)    (6,938)
Less: Adjusted Depreciation and                                               IFRS total assets less current liabilities          18,858     24,354
Amortisation                                             362            392   Less IFRS items not included in capital
Adjusted EBITDA                                        3,239        3,693     employed:
                                                                                 Short-term borrowings                            2,485         763
                                                       31 Dec      31 Dec
                                                         2021        2020        Current tax liabilities                              93         72
Net Debt                                                   £m          £m        Legal provisions                                     86        127
Cash and cash equivalents including                                              Cash and cash equivalents                         (1,261)   (1,646)
overdrafts                                              1,259       1,644
                                                                                 Current tax recoverable                            (155)      (125)
Financing liabilities                                  (9,637)     (10,598)
                                                                                 Retirement benefit surplus                         (355)      (226)
Net Debt                                               (8,378)     (8,954)
                                                                              IFRS balances included in capital
Adjusted EBITDA/Net Debt                                 2.6x         2.4x    employed                                            19,751     23,319
                                                                              Add impact back unrealised impairments               3,143       5,116
DIVIDEND COVER                                                                Less Goodwill due to deferred tax on
                                                       31 Dec      31 Dec     intangibles                                         (4,133)    (5,301)
                                                         2021        2020
                                                                              Impact of average in year vs closing
                                                           £m          £m
                                                                              balance                                             3,442       2,023
Interim dividend paid in year                             521           520
                                                                              Average capital employed                            22,203     25,157
Final dividend proposed                                  726            725
                                                                              Return on Capital Employed                           10.1%      10.1%
Total dividends                                         1,247        1,245
Adjusted Net Income                                    2,059        2,334
Dividend cover                                            1.7           1.9




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                83
     Group Financial Review (Continued)


     The table below reconciles the Group’s reported IFRS measures to its adjusted measures for the year ended 31 December 2021.
                                                                                                      Adjusting Items
                                                                                                      Reclassified                         Other
                                                                                                          foreign                    individually
                                                                                                        exchange                        material
                                                                       Impact of     Losses on     translation on        Finance        items of
                                                                        business    disposal of     liquidation of      expense      income and
                                                            IFRS    combinations        brands        subsidiaries        reclass       expense     Adjusted
                                                             £m              £m            £m                  £m             £m             £m          £m

     Net Revenue                                         13,234                 –             –                 –              –               –      13,234
     Cost of sales                                       (5,558)               14             –                 –              –               –      (5,544)
     Gross profit                                         7,676                14             –                 –              –               –      7,690
     Net operating expenses                              (8,480)               77          234                  –              –          3,356       (4,813)
     Operating (Loss)/profit                               (804)               91          234                  –              –          3,356       2,877
     Net finance income/(expense)                           547                 –             –             (766)              (1)             –       (220)
     Share of loss of associate                               (3)               –             –                 –              –               –          (3)
     (Loss)/profit before income tax                       (260)               91          234              (766)              (1)        3,356       2,654
     Income tax credit/(charge)                             208               170          (117)                –               1          (846)       (584)
     Net (loss)/income from continuing
     operations                                             (52)              261           117             (766)              –          2,510       2,070
     Less: Attributable to non-controlling interest          (11)               –             –                 –              –               –         (11)
     Net (loss)/income for the year attributable
     to owners of the parent                                (63)              261           117             (766)              –          2,510       2,059
     Net income from discontinued operations                  31                –             –                 –              –             (31)          –
     Total net (loss)/income for the year
     attributable to owners of the parent                   (32)              261           117             (766)              –          2,479       2,059
     Earnings per share (EPS) from continuing
     operations
     Basic                                                  (8.8)            36.6          16.4            (107.3)             –           351.6      288.5
     Diluted                                                (8.8)            36.6          16.4            (107.3)             –           351.6      288.5
     Earnings per share (EPS) from
     discontinued operations
     Basic                                                   4.3                –             –                 –              –            (4.3)          –
     Diluted                                                 4.3                –             –                 –              –            (4.3)          –
     Earnings per share (EPS) from total
     operations
     Basic                                                  (4.5)            36.6          16.4            (107.3)             –           347.3      288.5
     Diluted                                                (4.5)            36.6          16.4            (107.3)             –           347.3      288.5

     Earnings per share (EPS) is calculated using 713.8 million shares (basic) and 713.8 million shares (diluted).




84
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                     Financial Statements




Impact of business combinations is composed of:                            Reclassified foreign exchange translation on liquidation of
                                                                           subsidiaries of £766 million is the net gain following the liquidation
•   Amortisation of acquired intangibles of £61 million relates to
                                                                           of legal entities as part of simplification of the Group’s legal
    the amortisation of certain intangible assets recognised as
                                                                           entity structure.
    a result of historical business combinations. Included within
    income tax expense is a £14 million tax credit in respect of           Reclassification of finance expenses of £1 million relates to the
    this amortisation.                                                     net interest charge on tax liabilities that is shown within the
•   Acquisition advisor costs relate to acquisition related costs of       adjusted tax charge.
    £19 million as a result of acquisitions in 2021, £3 million of which   Other individually material items of income and expense
    has been charged to Cost of Sales. Included within income tax          principally relate to charges in relation to the strategic review
    expense is a £4 million tax credit in relation to these costs.         of IFCN China, which resulted in the disposal of the IFCN China
•   Inventory fair value adjustment of £11 million relates to the          business, the closure of factories in Australia dedicated to IFCN
    amount charged to cost of sales for the fair value step-up             China and the subsequent re-organisation of the remaining Reckitt
    of acquired inventories as these inventories are sold. Included        Nutrition business.
    within income tax expense is a £1 million tax credit in relation to
                                                                           Amounts charged to IFRS operating loss in relation to the IFCN
    these charges.
                                                                           China strategic review include:
•   Changes to deferred tax liabilities of £189 million relate
    principally to the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities for         •   Loss on disposal of IFCN China of £3,284 million;
    acquired intangible assets due the change in the UK corporate          •   Impairment of the Australian factory assets, £48 million along
    tax rate, which was substantively enacted during the year.                 with associated termination fee £3 million; and
Losses related to disposals of brands and related intangible               •   Costs of £18 million relating to the subsequent restructuring of
assets: the pre-tax loss of £234 million relates to the disposal of            the Reckitt Nutrition business.
Scholl (£165 million) and the disposal of EnfaBebé (£69 million).
                                                                           Included within income tax expenses is a £846 million net tax
Included within income tax expense are associated tax credits of
                                                                           credit in relation to the IFCN strategic review.
£94 million in relation to these disposals, and a deferred tax credit
of £23 million on classification of the E45 brand as held for sale at      Also included within IFRS operating loss is a charge of £3 million
31 December 2021.                                                          in relation to the Korea HS issue. Income from discontinued
                                                                           operations of £31 million relates to amounts agreed with Indivior
                                                                           plc to settle indemnity claims relating to the DoJ settlement
                                                                           in 2019.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             85
     Group Financial Review (Continued)


     The table below reconciles the Group’s reported IFRS measures to its adjusted measures for the year ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                                                          Adjusting Items
                                                                                                          Reclassified                         Other
                                                                                                              foreign                    individually
                                                                                                            exchange                        material
                                                                        Impact of         Losses on    translation on        Finance        items of
                                                                         business        disposal of    liquidation of      expense     income and
                                                            IFRS     combinations            brands       subsidiaries        reclass      expense      Adjusted
                                                             £m               £m                £m                 £m             £m             £m          £m

     Net Revenue                                          13,993                –                 –                 –              –               –     13,993
     Cost of sales                                        (5,558)               –                 –                 –              –               –     (5,558)
     Gross profit                                         8,435                 –                 –                 –              –               –     8,435
     Net operating expenses                               (6,275)              80                 –                 –              –           1,061      (5,134)
     Operating profit                                     2,160                80                 –                 –              –          1,061       3,301
     Net finance expense                                   (286)                –                 –                 –             26               –       (260)
     Share of loss of associate                               (1)               –                 –                 –              –               –          (1)
     Profit before income tax                             1,873                80                 –                 –            26           1,061       3,040
     Income tax expense                                    (720)               59                 –                 –            (26)             (3)      (690)
     Net income from continuing operations                 1,153              139                 –                 –              –          1,058       2,350
     Less: Attributable to non-controlling interest          (16)               –                 –                 –              –               –         (16)
     Net (loss)/income for the year attributable
     to owners of the parent                               1,137              139                 –                 –              –          1,058      2,334
     Net (loss)/income from discontinued
     operations                                              50                 –                 –                 –              –            (50)           –
     Total net income for the year attributable
     to owners of the parent                               1,187              139                 –                 –              –          1,008      2,334
     Earnings per share (EPS) from continuing
     operations
     Basic                                                 160.0              19.6                –                 –              –          148.7       328.3
     Diluted                                               159.3              19.5                –                 –              –          148.2       327.0
     Earnings per share (EPS) from
     discontinued operations
     Basic                                                   7.0                –                 –                 –              –            (7.0)          –
     Diluted                                                 7.0                –                 –                 –              –            (7.0)          –
     Earnings per share (EPS) from total
     operations
     Basic                                                 167.0              19.6                –                 –              –           141.7      328.3
     Diluted                                               166.3              19.5                –                 –              –           141.2      327.0

     Earnings per share (EPS) is calculated using 710.9 million shares (basic) and 713.7 million shares (diluted).



     Acquisition related items are composed of:                                      Other individually material items of income and
                                                                                     expense include:
     •   Amortisation of acquired intangibles of £80 million relates to
         the amortisation of certain intangible assets recognised as                 •     £985 million impairment in relation to IFCN goodwill;
         a result of historical business combinations. Included within               •     £69 million charge relating to the Korea HS issue; and
         income tax expense is a £19 million tax credit in respect of
                                                                                     •     £7 million relating to previously announced restructuring
         this amortisation
                                                                                           projects (principally RB 2.0 costs).
     •   Changes to deferred tax liabilities of £78 million relate to
         principally to the change in the UK corporate tax rate which was            Income tax expense is a £3 million tax credit for these items.
         substantively enacted during the year (which is netted against
         the £19 million tax credit)

     Reclassification of finance expenses of £26 million relates to the
     net interest charge on tax liabilities that is shown within the
     adjusted tax charge.




86
Strategic Report                                Governance                                        Financial Statements




ADJUSTED MEASURES EXCLUDING IFCN CHINA
The table below reconciles the Group’s reported IFRS measures to its adjusted measures excluding IFCN China for the years ended
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.
                                                                                                                                  Adjusted
                                                                                          Adjusting                       IFCN    excl. IFCN
                                                                                  IFRS       Items     Adjusted          China        China
Year ended 31 December 2021                                                        £m           £m          £m              £m            £m
Net Revenue                                                                     13,234            –       13,234          (383)       12,851
Cost of sales                                                                   (5,558)          14       (5,544)          214        (5,330)
Gross profit                                                                     7,676           14       7,690           (169)        7,521
Net operating expenses                                                          (8,480)       3,667       (4,813)         236         (4,577)
Operating (loss)/profit                                                          (804)        3,681       2,877             67        2,944
Operating margin                                                                 –6.1%                                                22.9%
Operating margin vs PY                                                      (2,150 bps)                                            (160 bps)

                                                                                                                                   Adjusted
                                                                                          Adjusting                       IFCN    excl. IFCN
                                                                                  IFRS        Items    Adjusted          China        China
Year ended 31 December 2020                                                        £m            £m         £m              £m            £m
Net Revenue                                                                     13,993            –       13,993          (861)       13,132
Cost of sales                                                                   (5,558)           –       (5,558)          375        (5,183)
Gross profit                                                                    8,435             –       8,435           (486)       7,949
Net operating expenses                                                          (6,275)        1,141      (5,134)          401        (4,733)
Operating profit                                                                 2,160         1,141       3,301           (85)       3,216
Operating margin                                                                 15.4%                                                24.5%


RECONCILIATION OF PRIOR YEAR IFRS TO LIKE-FOR-LIKE NET REVENUE
Net Revenue                                                                                Hygiene       Health     Nutrition        Group
31 December 2020                                                                                £m          £m            £m            £m
2019 IFRS & like-for-like                                                                     5,031       4,462          3,353       12,846
IFCN China disposal                                                                               –            –          (991)         (991)
2019 Like-for-like (excl. IFCN China)                                                         5,031       4,462          2,362       11,855
2020 reported                                                                                 5,816       4,890          3,287       13,993
Exchange                                                                                        194          114            65          373
2020 Like-for-like                                                                            6,010       5,004          3,352       14,366
2020 IFCN China disposal                                                                          –            –          (863)        (863)
2020 Like-for-like (excl. IFCN China)                                                         6,010       5,004          2,489       13,503
Like-for-like growth                                                                         19.5%         12.1%         0.0%         11.8%
Like-for-like growth (excl. IFCN China)                                                      19.5%         12.1%         5.4%         13.9%




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         87
     Risk Management




     OUR APPROACH TO INTEGRATED
     RISK MANAGEMENT AT RECKITT
     Risk management occurs at different levels in Reckitt, with identification and assessment
     performed at the functional, Global Business Unit, corporate and Group levels to provide
     both a ‘top-down’ and ‘bottom-up’ three-dimensional view of risk. The framework is
     implemented as follows:



            Functional                           Global Business Unit/             Group principal and                   Board              Annual
            risk assessments                     corporate risk assessments        emerging risk assessment              oversight          Report

                                                                                                     Principal and emerging risks identified
              Consolidation and critical               Reviewed by Global Business Unit/             through the Group Risk Assessment are
              challenge by Risk Management             corporate function leadership teams           disclosed in Reckitt’s Annual Report and
                                                                                                     Accounts

            • Identifies and monitors risks    • Identifies and monitors risks     • Identifies the most significant     • Oversight across each
              impacting the operation of         with the potential to impact        principal and emerging risks          principal risk provided
              each function or functional area   each Global Business Unit and       with potential to impact              by a nominated



 WHAT
            • Controls are mapped to the         the corporate centre                the Group                             Board Committee
              three lines of defence         • High-level control strategies       • Principal and emerging risks are
            • Detailed management action       and action plans are                  disclosed in the Annual Report
              plans are developed to address   documented for each risk.
              control gaps                     Supporting functional risks
                                               are referenced

            • Completed bi-annually, with        • Completed annually in advance • Completed bi-annually in         • Periodic reporting and
              updates shared at the Global         of the Global Business Unit     advance of the half-year results   risk deep dives occur




 WHEN
              Business Unit Risk Committees        strategic planning process      announcement and Group             with input from the
                                                                                   strategic planning process.        risk owner
                                                                                   Updates are shared with the
                                                                                   Risk, Sustainability &
                                                                                   Compliance Committee (RSCC)
                                                                                   and Board

            • Functional risks are reviewed in   • Global Business Unit risk       • One-to-one meetings are held
              detail annually to identify any      assessments are reviewed and      with all Global Executive
              changes to the risk profile,         updated annually through a        Committee (GEC) members,
              including new risks and              series of one-to-one meetings     Group functional and assurance


 HOW
              changes in assessment                with Global Business Unit         heads, external advisors and
            • Formal sign-off by functional        leadership                        Non-Executive Directors (NEDs)
              heads. Updates on top risks and • For corporate functions, the       • Synthesised output formally
              associated mitigations are        functional risk assessments are      reviewed and signed off by
              reported to the RSCC on a         reviewed and challenged              the GEC and thereafter by
              quarterly basis                                                        the Board

            • Risk assessment owned by           • Led by Global Business Unit/    • Group Risk Management               • GEC owner
              functional leadership team           corporate management teams      • GEC owners are assigned to


 WHO        • Functional risk owners assigned
              to specific risks, controls and
              action plans
                                                                                     each risk, with the principal and
                                                                                     emerging risk set then
                                                                                     circulated to the Board for final
                                                                                     review and sign-off




88
Strategic Report                                  Governance                                           Financial Statements




Our approach to the principal and emerging risk assessment
The Group principal and emerging risk assessment is an integral part of the integrated risk
management framework above, identifying the principal and emerging risks with the
greatest potential to impact the Group. The assessment is completed annually in advance of
the Global Business Unit and corporate strategic planning process as follows:


Identification of risks              Control strategy                    Assessment of net risk and             Management
                                                                         prioritisation                         action

   What could impact Reckitt
                                          What are we doing to                How comfortable are we                 What more do
   and the achievement of its
                                          manage the risk?                    with the level of risk?                we need to do?
   objectives?


• Identifies the most significant    • Control strategy is reviewed to • Considering the controls               • Having identified areas of
  principal and emerging risks         establish if it is appropriate and we have in place to manage              highest risk that require
  with potential to impact             operating as intended              each risk:                              attention, action plans are
  the Group                          • Where we identify control gaps,     • What is the probability that         developed by management to:
• One-to-one meetings are held         what more do we need to do?           the risk will materialise?           • Address any control
  with all GEC members, Group                                              • If it did, what would the likely       gaps identified
  functional and assurance heads,                                            impact be?                           • Improve the effectiveness
  external advisors and NEDs                                                                                        of existing controls, thereby
                                                                           • How comfortable are
• Functional, Global Business Unit                                           we with how the risk                   reducing the probability and
  and corporate risk assessments                                             is being managed?                      impact to an acceptable level
  feed into this process                                                                                    • GEC owners and their principal
                                                                           • Is the risk within an
• Identifies sources of risk, key                                             acceptable level of appetite?   and emerging risks are
  drivers and areas of impact                                                                                 circulated to the Board for
                                                                         • Assessment identifies those
• Completed annually in advance                                                                               final review, sign-off and
                                                                           risks and controls where
  of the Global Business Unit                                                                                 ongoing monitoring
                                                                           management should focus
  strategic planning process                                               its effort                       • Principal and emerging risks are
                                                                                                              disclosed in the Annual Report
                                                                         • The decision to act will be
                                                                           based on which risks are no
                                                                           longer acceptable




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             89
     Risk Management (Continued)




     OUR PRINCIPAL & EMERGING RISKS,
     AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021
     Key to principal risks


     Category ID              Risk title         Risk statement

                              COVID-19 1         COVID-19 continues to cause disruption in key markets and creates significant volatility and uncertainty across
                         1
                                                 the portfolio, impacting our ability to accurately predict consumer demand, and execute growth plans.

                              Product Safety Robust process, systems, data and culture for the development and assessment of product safety are not in
                         2
                                             place or operating effectively, leading to safety risk to consumers.

                              Supply             Disruption to the continuity of supply as a result of: ongoing disruptions to material supply, freight and labour
                         3
                              Disruption1        availability; ongoing market volatility and unpredictability; remaining capacity gaps; and reliance on single
                                                 factories for key products and/or source for key materials without qualified contingencies in place.




           Operational
                              Cyber Security     As a complex global organisation, there is a risk that Reckitt falls victim to increasingly sophisticated
                         4
                                                 cyber-attacks aimed at causing disruption to our information assets by destruction, or by circumventing
                                                 confidentiality, integrity or availability controls.

                              Employee        Work accidents leading to death, injury or illness of Reckitt employees wherever they are working; and other
                         5
                              Health & Safety workers on Reckitt premises or premises under Reckitt supervision, in case of outsourced operations.

                              Sustainability 1   Failure to address existing and emerging environmental and social risks and opportunities (including climate
                         6
                                                 change), and changing societal expectations of businesses in addressing these, creates underlying risk to
                                                 business resilience, growth and share price performance.

                              Adherence to    Non-compliance with applicable quality regulations, guidelines and internal/external standards across the
                         7
                              Product Quality product lifecycle governing how we produce and supply product.
                              Standards1

                              Innovation1        The current innovation pipeline does not meet the changing needs of our consumers and new go-to-market
                         8
                                                 channels, or is not sufficient to achieve organic growth ambitions and drive gross margin accretion.

                              Disruption1        Inability to respond to, adapt and evolve both our products and processes to disruptive market forces

           Strategic
                         9
                                                 including e-commerce, digital, new formats, applying AI and machine learning, and increasing data
                                                 challenges, impacting our ability to effectively service our customers and consumers with the
                                                 required agility.

                              China1             Risk in China of economic uncertainty, changing regulations and changes in current or new partners
                         10
                                                 impacting growth and business performance.

                              People1            We do not achieve our strategic objectives due to our reduced ability to attract, develop at accelerated
                         11
           People
                                                 pace and retain talent in a highly competitive market, further enhanced by a changing workplace
                                                 environment. We lose momentum to drive the organisation’s transformation if we do not attract and retain a
                                                 diverse and capable workforce.

                              Tax Disputes       Increasing global tax rates, alongside tax authority challenges in key markets, impact our global operating

           Financial
                         12
                                                 model and tax footprint.



                              Product            Non-compliance with product classification regulations, guidelines, internal standards and/or registrations
                         13
                              Regulations        across the supply chain and throughout the product lifecycle.



           Compliance
                              Legal &            We are not fully compliant with relevant laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, data privacy
                         14
                              Compliance1        laws and global competition laws.

                              South Korea        Financial and reputational risk as a result of the health issues caused by consumers inhaling a humidifier
                         15
                              Humidifier         sanitiser previously sold by Oxy, which Reckitt acquired in 2001. The product was withdrawn in 2011.
                              Sanitiser (HS)

                              Black Swan         We define a Black Swan event as an unforeseen reputational incident impacting multiple brands. The Board
           Other
                         BS
                              Event              considers the possibility of a Black Swan event throughout the course of the year.


     1.   See Viability Statement on page 103



90
 Strategic Report                                                                  Governance                                         Financial Statements




 Principal risks

                                                                                                                              Mitigation activity
                                                                                                                              Colour indicates extent of activity outstanding to

     Critical
                                                                                                                              mitigate in line with risk appetite.

                                                                                                  1                              All significant mitigating actions are in place
                                                            9
                                                                                                                                 and operating effectively

                                               2                 4                   10           3                              Some significant actions remain in progress
                                          15
     Major
                                                            14                                                                   Significant and urgent actions remain
                                                                     8                                                           under way
                                                                                              7


Impact
                                                       13
                                                                12                        6                                   Risk movement
                                                                              11                                              Arrows indicate movement from prior
                                                                                                                              year position.
     Moderate
                                                                                                                                      Direction and distance of movement.




     Manageable
                                          5




                        Remote        Possible                       Likely                   Highly Likely

                                               Probability




 Interconnectivity of risks


                                                                                                                              Action planning to mitigate principal risks
                         BS                                  15
                                                                                                                              is complicated by the interconnectivity
                                     14                                                   1
                                                                                                                              between them, requiring robust oversight
                                                                                                                              by leadership teams to prioritise time and
                                                                                                                              resources as appropriate.
                         13                                                                                   2



                                                                                                                                 Operational

              12                                                                                                      3
                                                                                                                                 Strategic

                                                                                                                                 People

                                                                                                                                 Financial

                                                                                                                                 Compliance
         11                                                                                                               4




                   10                                                                                             5




                                 9                                                                    6


                                                   8                          7




 Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                           91
     Risk Management (Continued)




     MAPPING PRINCIPAL & EMERGING
     RISKS TO STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
     Consideration of principal and emerging risks, and how we are managing them, is an
     important part of building our strategy and demonstrating our longer-term viability. The
     chart below shows the linkage between our current principal and emerging risks and our
     strategy, specifically our six strategic imperatives. Further information on each of the
     strategic imperatives can be found on page 22.




                        Risk                          Grow brands    Drive superior    Invest in       Increase        Embed          Actively
                                                      and innovate     execution      capabilities   productivity   sustainability   manage the
                                                                                                                                      portfolio
                        1. COVID-19
                        2. Product Safety
                        3. Supply Disruption
                        4. Cyber Security
                        5. Employee Health & Safety
                        6. Sustainability
                        7. Adherence to Product



      Principal risks
                           Quality Standards
                        8. Innovation
                        9. Disruption
                        10. China
                        11. People
                        12. Tax Disputes
                        13. Product Regulations
                        14. Legal & Compliance
                        15. South Korea Humidifier
                            Sanitiser (HS)
                        1. Geopolitical
                        2. Economic Volatility in
                           post-COVID World




      Emerging risks
                        3. Sector Consolidation
                        4. Emergence of
                           Environmental Tax
                           Instruments
                        5. Science and Technology
                           ‘Disruptors’




92
Strategic Report                                          Governance                                               Financial Statements


    Grow brands and innovate            Drive superior execution            Invest in capabilities

    Increase productivity               Embed sustainability                Actively manage the portfolio




1. COVID-19                                                                            2. PRODUCT SAFETY
      Risk movement:         Oversight accountability                                         Risk movement:       Oversight accountability
      No change              Executive ownership resides directly with the                    No change            Executive ownership resides with the Chief
                             Group Executive Committee, with each Global                                           R&D Officer, who drives activity through
                             Business Unit responsible for its respective                                          each of the Global Business Unit executive
                             deliverables. Board oversight is provided by                                          leadership teams. Board oversight is provided
                             the main Board.                                                                       by the CRSEC Committee.




The risk: COVID-19 continues to cause disruption in key markets and                    The risk: Robust process, systems, data and culture for the
creates significant volatility and uncertainty across the portfolio,                   development and assessment of product safety are not in place
impacting our ability to accurately predict consumer demand, and                       or operating effectively, leading to safety risk to consumers.
execute growth plans.
                                                                                       Potential impact
Potential impact                                                                       Product safety issues lead to reputational damage with consumers,
In 2020, the impact of the COVID-19 principal risk was focused on supply               customers or regulators. Significant financial losses could arise from
chain disruption and the health and wellbeing of our people. As we                     supply disruption, product recalls, delayed launches, penalties and
emerge from the pandemic, we are now facing significant demand                         a loss of consumer trust, as well as possible criminal liability for
volatility across the portfolio and higher levels of uncertainty over the              senior management.
medium- to long-term impact on consumer behaviours. Such volatility
                                                                                       Any gaps in the completion of our safety assessments or a lack
may impact our ability to accurately forecast and affect the planning and
                                                                                       of anticipation of new safety concerns could exacerbate any
strategic investments required to execute growth plans.
                                                                                       potential impact.
Mitigation progress in 2021
                                                                                       Mitigation progress in 2021
Return-to-work policies, additional site-specific protocols and safety
                                                                                       Several product-safety-related programmes have been completed or
measures have now been rolled out across our sites. These protocols
                                                                                       remain on plan for completion. Our Product Integrity Review (PIR)
outline the measures we are taking to keep our people safe and are
                                                                                       programme is now complete and PLM (Product Lifecycle Management)
overseen by the Global Advisory Group, who continue to monitor and
                                                                                       implementation is ongoing. Continued focus on data governance and
respond to changing work practices.
                                                                                       systems is required to modernise data flow and compliance. A strategic
Across the Supply organisation, additional supply continuity responses                 review of our data governance is underway and further learnings made
were activated which included engagement of new suppliers for critical                 will be applied to the programme moving forward.
materials, daily reviews of manufacturing capacity across our network of
                                                                                       Our Global Safety Assurance (GSA) transformation project, led by our
factories and manufacturing partners, and partnership with logistics
                                                                                       Chief Safety Officer, is underway with forecast completion in Q1 2023.
providers and regulatory authorities to ensure we could move products
                                                                                       The programme will elevate Reckitt’s global safety approach into the
across closed borders. Across the R&D organisation, additional lab
                                                                                       leading group of peer organisations and includes safety culture,
procedures, including enhanced safety protocols, were also activated to
                                                                                       processes, systems and data.
ensure we could continue to support the safety and efficacy of current
products in market and in the development pipeline.                                    Product safety training has been rolled out to all employees, as well as
                                                                                       specific training for relevant employees to understand their role in
Current control strategy                                                               ensuring safety, quality and regulatory compliance for all Reckitt products.
Strategic capacity plans for sourcing, manufacturing and logistics are
being reviewed to respond to the COVID-19-related surge in demand for                  We have made investments in Consumer Relations to improve consumer
specific products. Our sales and operations planning and execution                     data insights and awareness of social media to identify emerging trends,
processes are being strengthened, allowing us to better respond to the                 themes and safety concerns.
amplified demand volatility we are seeing.                                             Current control strategy
As the pandemic continues into 2022, return-to-work protocols have                     The GSA team operates as part of the Global R&D function, further
been established to ensure both compliance with local government                       embedding product safety into each of the Global Business Units through
requirements and respect for each individual’s personal situation.                     proximity to markets whilst providing centralised oversight and assurance
Manufacturing and R&D activities are ongoing, and the safety of our                    services. GSA is accountable to the Risk, Sustainability & Compliance
people across our sites remains our first priority. Additionally, we continue          Committee (RSCC) and thereafter to the Corporate Responsibility,
to support our people through regular updates and a programme of                       Sustainability, Ethics & Compliance (CRSEC) Committee.
global and local wellbeing initiatives.                                                A robust quality management system is underpinned by clear policies and
We have launched our ‘Future of Work’ approach, providing greater                      supporting systems, which are subjected to comprehensive and
flexibility and creating a seamless, inclusive and consistent experience in a          independent regular audit review. Consumer safety and vigilance teams
hybrid world. Our approach is underpinned by the four Cs – Connect,                    within the GSA function conduct pre- and post-market safety reviews
Create, Coach and Collaborate – which will help to guide choices around                and monitor and report on adverse events.
where we work.                                                                         Activity impact for 2022
Activity impact for 2022                                                               2022 will see the continued rollout of key safety programmes including
The Group monitors the impact of COVID-19 across all areas, continually                Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), QualityOne and the Global Safety
reviewing our guidance to ensure it remains appropriate and reflects any               Assurance transformation. Innovation and business processes are
further developments. It is anticipated that while some disruption will                continuously adapted to ensure safety diligence requirements are fully
continue into 2022, this will reduce as our ‘Future of Work’ approach                  implemented. We will continue to proactively engage with regulators to
becomes further embedded. Target rating from current Red to Amber by                   ensure we are staying abreast of emerging safety concerns. Target rating
the end of 2022, provided that there is no escalation in pandemic-related              to remain Amber at the end of 2022. This is a multi-year deliverable to
circumstances and/or geopolitical events.                                              replace current systems.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                               93
     Risk Management (Continued)




     3. SUPPLY DISRUPTION                                                         4. CYBER SECURITY
           Risk movement:       Oversight accountability                                Risk movement:         Oversight accountability
           Increasing           Executive ownership resides directly with               Increasing             Executive ownership resides directly with the
                                the Chief Supply Officer. Board oversight                                      Chief Information & Digitisation Officer. Board
                                is provided by the main Board.                                                 oversight is provided by the main Board.




     The risk: Disruption to the continuity of supply as a result of: ongoing     The risk: As a complex global organisation, there is a risk that Reckitt
     disruptions to material supply, freight and labour availability; ongoing     falls victim to increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks aimed at
     market volatility and unpredictability; remaining capacity gaps; and         causing disruption to our information assets by destruction, or by
     reliance on single factories for key products and/or source for key          circumventing confidentiality, integrity or availability controls.
     materials without qualified contingencies in place.
                                                                                  Potential impact
     Potential impact                                                             Significant business disruption, data destruction or theft, regulatory
     Disruption to the continuity of supply may result in supply shortages        non-compliance, reputational damage, financial loss and constraints
     and importation barrier issues, leading to loss of sales and market share.   in delivering global business strategy.
     Increased levels of cost pressure across commodities, freight and labour
                                                                                  This risk is heightened by the increasing volume and types of sensitive
     may impact our ability to serve customers and erode our cost competitive
                                                                                  personal data held, a strengthened regulatory environment including
     advantage. Network and capacity constraints, combined with higher
                                                                                  significant financial penalties for non-compliance, and the growing
     levels of market volatility, may also impact the availability of product
                                                                                  number and complexity of connected digital systems. These include
     in market.
                                                                                  third parties, as well as cloud and digital service providers.
     Mitigation progress in 2021
                                                                                  Mitigation progress in 2021
     Progress has been made across a number of areas to address the varying
                                                                                  Phase 1 of the Cyber Transformation Programme was successfully
     causes of supply disruption. We continue to de-risk our supply of critical
                                                                                  completed in early 2020 and included: removal of legacy platforms;
     materials by reducing the total value of monosourced spend across
                                                                                  increased IT security team headcount; new cyber response playbooks
     each Global Business Unit. Strategic capacity plans have been developed
                                                                                  and processes; advanced threat protection; and continued improvements
     and are being executed for the sourcing of high-risk materials, critical
                                                                                  to system recovery speed and capability. It also covered areas such
     manufacturing sites and logistics centres.
                                                                                  as improving baseline identity and access management for some
     The Reckitt Production System, developed to drive sustainable                financial systems as well as multi-factor authentication to protect
     manufacturing performance, is being rolled out across all manufacturing      Reckitt system identities.
     sites. An equivalent Logistics System is currently in pilot phase.
                                                                                  We have launched the next phase of our multi-year cyber security
     In 2021 we established a dedicated e-commerce Supply team that will          strategy which will further reduce cyber risk through investment in our
     focus on planning, e-commerce ready packaging and logistics execution.       cyber security baseline, agility and innovation, allowing us to stay as close
                                                                                  as possible to emerging cyber threats.
     Current control strategy
     Set-up and qualification of multiple manufacturing locations for critical    Current control strategy
     products is ongoing with a target completion date of 2025. Portfolio         Our strategy places continued focus on reducing cyber risk whilst
     harmonisation and increased regionalisation of manufacturing will allow      improving the maturity of our security posture, upgrading our capabilities
     us to improve our agility, proximity and responsiveness to any unforeseen    and supporting business agility, innovation and the strategic growth
     disruptions. A reset of our sales and operations planning and execution      agenda. We apply industry standards and methodologies to establish the
     processes is underway and will be deployed across the business in 2022.      control framework, including ISO and National Institute of Standards and
                                                                                  Technology (NIST) guidelines.
     We are mitigating increasing cost pressures through our Group-wide
     productivity programme which includes procurement excellence,                Through increasing engagement with the business and partners,
     manufacturing and logistics pillars. The development and rollout of our      advancement of our cyber capabilities and renewed focus on risk
     end-to-end supply digitisation programme will also help increase cost        ownership and accountability, the Group Cyber Transformation
     and operational efficiencies across the supply chain.                        Programme will continue to evolve the cyber security strategy and
                                                                                  framework and implement the required controls to mitigate cyber risk.
     We continue to improve our level of asset protection, and factories
     considered key or strategic have received investment to attain Highly        Activity impact for 2022
     Protected Risk (HPR) status by our insurers.                                 Phase 2 of the Cyber Transformation Programme commenced in 2021
     A Group-wide business continuity programme is underway to                    and will continue over the next three to four years, investing in and
     strengthen business continuity processes across products and sites.          embedding cyber security processes across the Group.
     Robust Employee Health & Safety (EH&S), quality, sustainability and human    These include: enhancements to operational technology in critical
     rights programmes have been developed and are being rolled out across        factories; identity and access management for critical business
     all of our facilities and suppliers.                                         applications; digital security; building stronger cyber defence detection
                                                                                  and response capabilities to cover our multi-cloud strategy; and uplifting
     Activity impact for 2022
                                                                                  Reckitt colleague cyber awareness and education. This risk is dynamic
     2022 will see the continued rollout of the end-to-end Supply Chain
                                                                                  and constantly evolving, and as such target rating to remain Amber at the
     Planning programme. This will help to strengthen the resilience of
                                                                                  end of 2022.
     our supply chain through investments in: upstream supply resilience;
     alternative sites of manufacture; adequate manufacturing capacity;
     robust products; improved manufacturing processes; and holistic
     packaging design. Target rating to remain Amber at the end of 2022.




94
Strategic Report                                           Governance                                                 Financial Statements


    Grow brands and innovate             Drive superior execution             Invest in capabilities

    Increase productivity                Embed sustainability                 Actively manage the portfolio




5. EMPLOYEE HEALTH                                                                      6. SUSTAINABILITY
    & SAFETY
      Risk movement:         Oversight accountability                                           Risk movement:        Oversight accountability
      No change              Executive ownership resides directly with                          Increasing            Executive ownership resides directly with
                             the CEO, Global Business Unit Presidents                                                 the CEO and the Head of Corporate Affairs
                             and Chief Supply Officer. Board oversight                                                & Chief Sustainability Officer. Each Global
                             is provided by the CRSEC Committee.                                                      Business Unit is responsible for its respective
                                                                                                                      deliverables. Board oversight is provided by
                                                                                                                      the CRSEC Committee.




The risk: Work accidents leading to death, injury or illness of Reckitt                  The risk: Failure to address existing and emerging environmental
employees wherever they are working; and other workers on                                and social risks and opportunities (including climate change), and
Reckitt premises or premises under Reckitt supervision, in case                          changing societal expectations of businesses in addressing these,
of outsourced operations.                                                                creates underlying risk to business resilience, growth and share
                                                                                         price performance.
Potential impact
Impacts are wide-ranging and variable in materiality; they may include                   Potential impact
loss of life, debilitating injury, ongoing damage to brand/employer                      Failure to increase the sustainability of our environmental and social
reputation, reduced operational efficiency from factory closure or                       footprint may lead to increased scrutiny from consumers, customers,
significant supply disruption, impaired financial performance from                       NGOs and ESG-focussed investors. The impacts of this are broad in range
lost sales, fines or remediation costs, and possible criminal liability for              and include: reputational damage; adverse public perception; resource
senior management.                                                                       inefficiency; loss of market share as consumers shift towards ‘greener’
                                                                                         products; omission from established sustainability indices impacting future
Mitigation progress in 2021
                                                                                         investment; and potential regulatory penalties. Climate change also has the
COVID-19 health and safety policies, standards and return-to-work
                                                                                         potential to significantly disrupt Reckitt’s operations through an increased
protocols have been published and adopted across our sites, with
                                                                                         number of extreme weather events, water crises and ecosystem loss.
key messages cascaded through the Global Business Unit and Supply
leadership teams. Local audits were completed where required by                          Mitigation progress in 2021
regulators to comply with COVID-19 regulations.                                          In 2021 we launched our Sustainability Ambitions, which will be
                                                                                         underpinned with £1 billion investment over the next ten years. We
We have launched an extensive programme to embed a heightened
                                                                                         continue to focus on strengthening our processes, programmes and
Employee Health & Safety (EH&S) culture across the enlarged Group
                                                                                         controls alongside our external stakeholder relationships, through
through rigorous auditing, culture days, surveys and training initiatives.
                                                                                         partnerships with NGOs, academia, and critical opinion-formers.
A Driver Safety Standard programme has been deployed. Engineering
standards are in place and a Global Engineering Compliance team for                      We have partnered with Risilience and Cambridge Centre for Risk Studies
structural auditing has been established. Group ISO 45001 or OHSAS 18001                 (CCRS) within the Judge Business School at the University of Cambridge to
certification is complete across all Reckitt in-scope sites and our Group                model the impact of climate risk (both physical and transition) on our global
EH&S standards continue to be enhanced to meet scope.                                    operations, with the output from this analysis supporting our financial and
                                                                                         operational planning, and our Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Current control strategy
                                                                                         Disclosures (TCFD) reporting. We also launched a partnership with the
Policy and enhanced EH&S standards are in place and reinforced through
                                                                                         Nature-Based Insetting team at the University of Oxford to better
an audit compliance programme (including self-assessment, site visits,
                                                                                         understand the impact of our footprint on biodiversity and support our
assurance of improvement actions, KPI tracking and culture surveys) by
                                                                                         contribution to the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD).
a second line of defence compliance team within Supply; and ongoing
                                                                                         More information about these partnerships can be found on page 66.
EH&S training is also provided across all sites including commercial offices.
Key risk indicators are monitored and action taken where measures                        A holistic packaging strategy is in development, supporting both
are out of tolerance. During COVID-19-related travel restrictions, we                    e-commerce and traditional retail channels with levels of packaging use.
implemented technology-aided inspections and site coaching calls.                        The expansion of our human rights programme beyond our supply chain,
Oversight is provided by the Supply leadership team as well as the Group                 using the societal impact framework to assess and address human rights
Risk, Sustainability & Compliance Committee (RSCC).                                      impacts along the full value chain, is on track. Our sustainability and
                                                                                         governance capability has been enhanced through the establishment
Activity impact for 2022                                                                 of the Group Risk, Sustainability & Compliance Committee (RSCC).
We will continue to roll out the programme of culture surveys and safety
days to increase awareness; and continue with the rigour of auditing,                    Current control strategy
including supporting the business through supply, commercial and R&D                     We continue to embed the plans and resources required to deliver an
site visits. Target rating to remain Amber at the end of 2022.                           environmental strategy in the supply chain in support of climate change
                                                                                         and water efficiency, with capital expenditure plans, environmental
                                                                                         project identification, local and global capabilities, and capacity to
                                                                                         support environmental performance improvement.
                                                                                         At a Global Business Unit and brand level, we are driving sustainability
                                                                                         through customer-facing programmes, and through delivery of more
                                                                                         sustainable ingredients, packaging and sourcing programmes. We continue
                                                                                         to embed sustainability into the product development process by evaluating
                                                                                         all new innovation against a set of sustainability criteria and introducing
                                                                                         sustainability targets into our science-based and technology solutions.
                                                                                         Activity impact for 2022
                                                                                         Internal and external initiatives, along with greater transparency on
                                                                                         non-financial sustainability indicators, will help to drive increased
                                                                                         awareness of our sustainability agenda across our global network. Target
                                                                                         rating to remain Amber at the end of 2022. This is a multi-year deliverable
                                                                                         to build and embed the significant actions required.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   95
     Risk Management (Continued)




     7. ADHERENCE TO PRODUCT                                                         8. INNOVATION
        QUALITY STANDARDS
           Risk movement:         Oversight accountability                                  Risk movement:        Oversight accountability
           No change              Executive ownership resides directly with                 Decreasing            Executive ownership resides directly with the
                                  the CEO, Global Business Unit Presidents                                        CEO, Global Business Unit Presidents and the
                                  and Chief Supply Officer, who drive activity                                    Chief R&D Officer. Board oversight is provided
                                  through each of the Global Business Unit                                        by the main Board.
                                  executive leadership teams. Board oversight
                                  is provided by the CRSEC Committee.




     The risk: Non-compliance with applicable quality regulations,                    The risk: The current innovation pipeline does not meet the changing
     guidelines and internal/external standards across the product                    needs of our consumers and new go-to-market channels, or is not
     lifecycle governing how we produce and supply product.                           sufficient to achieve organic growth ambitions and drive gross
                                                                                      margin accretion.
     Potential impact
     Impacts are wide-ranging and may include a consumer safety incident,             Potential impact
     regulatory failures, loss of sales (including product recall) and adverse        Failure to understand and effectively respond to changing consumer
     reputational impact, a supply disruption or factory closure, or potential        wants, needs and behaviours (including in the context of COVID-19)
     civil/criminal actions against individuals. The risk is heightened by            may lead to loss of market share to small entrepreneurial companies
     the increasing scrutiny, complexity, frequency and stringent audit               leveraging new channels and digital media.
     requirements enforced on our factories by regulators.
                                                                                      Inability to execute innovation may result in failure to achieve the
     Mitigation progress in 2021                                                      necessary innovation rate hurdles in terms of growth contribution and
     As part of the evolution of our product quality processes, the Quality           gross margin accretion, impacting organic top-line growth.
     team has been integrated into the Supply function. This restructure will
                                                                                      Mitigation progress in 2021
     help to further embed product quality into each of the Global Business
                                                                                      In 2021 we implemented enhanced innovation pipeline reporting to
     Units by driving proximity to markets whilst also providing centralised
                                                                                      provide greater visibility over our three-year innovation pipeline, and the
     oversight and assurance services.
                                                                                      resourcing required to achieve our targets.
     We have made significant investment in ensuring the highest quality
                                                                                      We launched the Innovation Council to harmonise innovation across each
     of our products and compliance with all applicable regulations and
                                                                                      Global Business Unit, market and function, including Marketing, R&D and
     standards. These measures include assurance programmes covering
                                                                                      Supply. The Innovation Council will report to the GEC on a quarterly basis.
     predictive quality, culture of quality, technology-enabled fail-safe controls,
     quality audit programmes across manufacturing sites and supplier                 The Global R&D function now includes the Regulatory, Global Safety
     facilities, and transformation of our Consumer Relations function.               Assurance (GSA) and Operational Excellence functions, driving greater
                                                                                      partnerships and operational efficiencies. Dedicated teams are focused
     The Product Integrity Review (PIR), an end-to-end quality review of the
                                                                                      on delivering innovation for global brands and operational teams are
     product portfolio, is now complete.
                                                                                      focused on local brands. Frontline resources have been deployed
     Current control strategy                                                         in-market to drive proximity to consumers.
     Reckitt’s Quality standards have been defined, communicated and
                                                                                      Current control strategy
     embedded within our standard operating procedures. A quality audit
                                                                                      We continue to invest in new tools and resources to enhance our
     programme to assess compliance with Reckitt’s Quality standards across
                                                                                      innovation, brand purpose, packaging and design capability. Dedicated
     manufacturing sites has been established and is being delivered against.
                                                                                      resourcing has been deployed to deliver on ‘e-commerce first’-focused
     Continued investment in key Quality transformation programmes                    innovations.
     including QualityOne and LabEx, and implementation of a systematised
                                                                                      IGNITE, our new external partnering platform to be launched in 2022, will
     product safety and compliance programme through Product Lifecycle
                                                                                      enhance our partnership capability and drive co-creation of innovation
     Management (PLM), is providing a live database of product data.
                                                                                      through greater external orientation and new partnership opportunities
     COVID-19 impact assessments have been performed to identify risks
                                                                                      across discovery, development and launch.
     to programme delivery and agreed timescales.
                                                                                      Our consumer data and insights capability has been strengthened with a
     Quality KPIs and metrics are presented and discussed at each Global
                                                                                      dedicated team focused on insight generation and idea validation through
     Business Unit, Risk, Sustainability & Compliance Committee (RSCC) and
                                                                                      new digital tools for faster and more accurate innovation modelling.
     Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics & Compliance (CRSEC)
     Committee meeting.                                                               Activity impact for 2022
                                                                                      Continued strengthening of our technical capabilities, alongside the
     Activity impact for 2022
                                                                                      pursuit of new partnerships, improved harmonisation and enhanced
     We continue to look for opportunities to optimise our quality assurance
                                                                                      reporting will help to drive improved innovation across the full product
     processes and the use of Quality data to drive continuous improvement
                                                                                      lifecycle, allowing us to better scale, leverage and accelerate our pipeline.
     across the product lifecycle. Target rating to remain Amber at the end
     of 2022.                                                                         Innovation models will continue to evolve during 2022 and will broaden
                                                                                      as additional drivers of innovation growth are identified. Target rating to
                                                                                      remain Amber at the end of 2022. This is a multi-year deliverable to build
                                                                                      and embed the significant actions required.




96
Strategic Report                                           Governance                                                Financial Statements


    Grow brands and innovate             Drive superior execution             Invest in capabilities

    Increase productivity                Embed sustainability                 Actively manage the portfolio




9. DISRUPTION                                                                            10. CHINA
      Risk movement:         Oversight accountability                                           Risk movement:       Oversight accountability
      No change              Executive ownership resides with the Global                        No change            Executive ownership resides directly with
                             Business Unit Presidents and the Chief Human                                            the CEO and Global Business Unit Presidents.
                             Resources Officer. Board oversight is provided                                          Board oversight is provided by the main Board.
                             by the main Board.




The risk: Inability to respond to, adapt and evolve both our products                    The risk: Risk in China of economic uncertainty, changing regulations
and processes to disruptive market forces including e-commerce,                          and changes in current or new partners impacting growth and
digital, new formats, applying AI and machine learning and increasing                    business performance.
data challenges, impacting our ability to effectively service our
                                                                                         Potential impact
customers and consumers with the required agility.
                                                                                         China is a critical market increasingly characterised by economic and
Potential impact                                                                         regulatory uncertainty. The behaviours of Chinese consumers are also
We continue to see dramatic changes to the ecosystem and competitive                     changing which, alongside other economic factors, has the potential to
landscape in which we operate, with many of these changes arising from                   impact our operations and performance in this market.
COVID-19 and its impact around the globe. Some of the changes may
                                                                                         Mitigation progress in 2021
not yet be fully known or understood and may either present significant
                                                                                         In 2021 we finalised the sale of our China Infant Formula & Child Nutrition
future opportunity or disrupt our current operating model.
                                                                                         business to Primavera. Our operations in China are now supported
Failure to respond to these disruptions may result in share loss to insurgent            through our focused China businesses, allowing us to better leverage our
brands that are more consumer-centric, and may reduce our ability to                     scale across the Greater China area while maintaining agility, boosting
identify and exploit rapidly growing channels, impacting top-line growth.                partnerships to support our growth ambitions, and driving China-centric
                                                                                         innovation through bespoke design and innovation hubs.
Mitigation progress in 2021
Our eRB organisation is now operating to scale bigger, faster, bolder                    Current control strategy
e-commerce and digital solutions, supporting each Global Business Unit                   Our current China businesses will continue to be managed as
with digital business development and strengthening capability through                   independent units, with shared government affairs and regulatory
technology and infrastructure.                                                           capabilities supported by a quarterly governance model.
Our capability centres (Marketing Excellence, Sales Outperformance,                      We maintain a strong network in China to understand both international
Medical Sales and eRB) are now operating to share excellence, develop                    and domestic economic developments that may impact our footprint.
functional capabilities, drive economies of scale and scope, and provide                 This includes active engagement with industry associations and
tools and technology enabling best practice sharing.                                     regulators, external affairs capability and collaborative partnerships
Chief Customer and Chief Information & Digitisation Officers are now in                  with government agencies.
role to strengthen customer relationships and drive new business models                  China-based regulatory intelligence teams provide insight on any changes
for our increasingly digital consumers.                                                  in regulation that may impact us, and we partner closely with local
Global Business Solutions launched in 2020 to support businesses with the                industry to ensure we are working within government-set parameters.
expertise, knowledge and products they need to make their workplaces                     Activity impact for 2022
and outlets hygienically safe for both consumers and employees.                          We will continue to focus on execution of our Greater China operating
Current control strategy                                                                 model, alongside continued delivery of China-centric innovation,
Continued investment in capability and technology, enabling us to harness                consumer-centricity and close monitoring of global and regional
the power of all channels, all platforms, all brands, in all markets. Pursuit of         economic developments. Target rating from current Red to realistically
external partnership opportunities to identify, incubate and launch new                  reduce to Amber by the end of 2022, though further disruptions can
brands and ventures, driving future growth. Entering new growth spaces                   be anticipated which could extend this level of higher exposure.
will also allow us to reach and acquire more consumers.
Activity impact for 2022
Internal and external initiatives will continue to increase capability and
drive incremental growth across priority channels and segments. This
includes the continued rollout of The Digital Factory, our venture to build
e-commerce expertise across all markets. Target rating to remain Amber
at the end of 2022. This is a multi-year deliverable to build and embed the
significant actions required.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                97
     Risk Management (Continued)




     11. PEOPLE                                                                     12. TAX DISPUTES
           Risk movement:        Oversight accountability                                 Risk movement:          Oversight accountability
           No change             Executive ownership resides directly with the            Increasing              Executive ownership resides directly with
                                 Chief Human Resources Officer, who drives                                        the Chief Financial Officer. Board oversight
                                 activity through each of the Global Business                                     is provided by the Audit Committee.
                                 Unit executive leadership teams. Board
                                 oversight is provided by the main Board.




     The risk: We do not achieve our strategic objectives due to our                The risk: Increasing global tax rates, alongside tax authority
     reduced ability to attract, develop at accelerated pace and retain             challenges in key markets, impact our global operating model and
     talent in a highly competitive market, further enhanced by a                   tax footprint.
     changing workplace environment. We lose momentum to drive the
                                                                                    Potential impact
     organisation transformation if we do not attract and retain a diverse
                                                                                    Increasing global tax rates may result in an overall increase in our tax
     and capable workforce.
                                                                                    liability. Additionally, if our filing positions around transfer pricing are not
     Potential impact                                                               considered in any country to be compliant or our operating model is not
     Disruption to business performance attributed to churn across senior           sufficiently communicated, implemented and embedded, both internally
     management positions and the risk of fatigue arising from a period of          and externally, tax authorities may successfully challenge our tax return
     sustained business change.                                                     filings with a potentially significant financial impact on the Group.
     Mitigation progress in 2021                                                    Mitigation progress in 2021
     Following the launch of the Rejuvenating Sustainable Growth strategy,          Ongoing timely and robust responses to progress outstanding disputes
     a new leadership team is now in place and churn across senior                  and continual monitoring of progression in relation to Advanced Pricing
     management has stabilised.                                                     Agreements (APAs) and subsequent operating model tax audits. Detailed
                                                                                    and thorough advice and technical support from advisors is received.
     A Senior Vice-President for Talent & Leadership Development is now in
     role and we have launched a Leadership Development and Talent Centre           Provisions are made at CHQ for anticipated exposures. The business will
     of Excellence to deliver greater value to the business by identifying,         continue to review the provisioning strategy over the next five years to
     developing and scaling best practice HR processes that directly                take account of any expected changes.
     contribute to the attraction, retention and development of our people.
                                                                                    Current control strategy
     Current control strategy                                                       Ongoing review by the Reckitt Tax function, country Finance Directors
     Talent identification, mapping and calibration have been undertaken for        and external advisors with central provisioning for anticipated exposures.
     critical senior management positions, helping to optimise both talent          Regular tax reviews are undertaken with each Global Business Unit
     management and succession planning processes.                                  alongside continuous monitoring of information on EC State Aid
                                                                                    investigations and possible application to Reckitt. We also monitor the
     Retention measures and succession plans for key management positions
                                                                                    impact of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) initiative and other
     are in place, and regular retention risk analysis is undertaken, including a
                                                                                    law changes to identify possible adverse impacts and put in place
     review of turnover rates and active review of workforce planning to meet
                                                                                    remedial strategies.
     strategic objectives. The Group’s total compensation programmes and
     employee value proposition (EVP) are also subject to annual review.            Activity impact for 2022
     A number of initiatives are under way to promote Reckitt as an employer        Timely and robust responses to progress outstanding disputes, continual
     of choice. These include social impact and diversity and inclusion (D&I)       monitoring of progression in relation to APAs and subsequent operating
     programmes, and a global wellbeing programme has been launched                 model tax audits, and increased prioritisation of projects and senior
     focusing on equipping all employees with tools, techniques and strategies      management overview are expected to maintain this risk as Green for
     to sustain peak performance. A new Global Head of Wellbeing will lead          2022. Target rating to remain Green at the end of 2022.
     this activity.
     We offer a suite of tools to help our people get the most out
     of their careers at Reckitt, from learning and development, the
     annual performance review process and leadership development
     programmes that focus on how managers can inspire, empower
     and engage their teams.
     Activity impact for 2022
     We will continue to focus on unleashing the potential of our people,
     performance and Purpose by attracting the best talent, developing
     our people and enabling culture change, to shape and drive our future
     workplace to deliver sustainable outperformance. Target rating to remain
     Amber by the end of 2022.




98
Strategic Report                                         Governance                                                Financial Statements


    Grow brands and innovate            Drive superior execution            Invest in capabilities

    Increase productivity               Embed sustainability                Actively manage the portfolio




13. PRODUCT REGULATIONS                                                                14. LEGAL & COMPLIANCE
      Risk movement:        Oversight accountability                                          Risk movement:       Oversight accountability
      No change             Executive ownership resides directly with the                     Increasing           Executive ownership resides with the
                            Chief R&D Officer, who drives activity through                                         General Counsel & Company Secretary
                            the Global Business Unit executive leadership                                          together with the Chief Ethics & Compliance
                            teams. Board oversight is provided by the                                              Officer, with each Global Business Unit
                            CRSEC Committee.                                                                       responsible for its respective deliverables.
                                                                                                                   Board oversight is provided by a combination
                                                                                                                   of the CRSEC and Audit Committees to
                                                                                                                   ensure full and appropriate coverage of
                                                                                                                   the Compliance programme.

The risk: Non-compliance with product classification regulations,                      The risk: We are not fully compliant with relevant laws and
guidelines, internal standards and/or registrations across the supply                  regulations, including anti-corruption laws, data privacy laws and
chain and throughout the product lifecycle.                                            global competition laws.
Potential impact                                                                       Potential impact
Non-compliance with a product-related regulation may result in                         Non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations may damage Reckitt’s
supply disruption, increased regulatory scrutiny, financial impact                     reputation, leading to significant potential fines and possible criminal
including product recall, damage to company reputation and potential                   liability for Reckitt companies and/or senior management.
civil/criminal liability.
                                                                                       Stricter data privacy regulations in key markets, together with adoption of
Regulations impacting our products across the portfolio are continually                new technology and our growing e-commerce business, have impacted
evolving. If we do not anticipate these changes and are not ready to                   data handling practices across the Group. The COVID-19 pandemic has
use them to drive innovation and competitive advantage, we may see                     seen an increase in competition law and anti-trust compliance risk as we
an increase in costs and a loss of market share to competitors.                        respond to a significant increase in demand for COVID-19 essential
                                                                                       products.
This risk is enhanced by the extensive range of product regulatory
classifications across the portfolio, emerging regulations in key markets              Mitigation progress in 2021
and fragmented IT systems lacking end-to-end integration.                              The global Ethics & Compliance programme has been strengthened
                                                                                       through the implementation of extensive controls across key compliance
Mitigation progress in 2021
                                                                                       risk areas. For data privacy, this includes the establishment of a robust
As part of the evolution of our product safety and regulatory processes,
                                                                                       privacy framework under the oversight of the Group Data Protection
the Regulatory team has been integrated into the Global R&D function.
                                                                                       Officer, a dedicated e-commerce privacy function, fully dedicated
This restructure will help to further embed regulatory compliance into
                                                                                       privacy resources in key countries, completion of Privacy Impact
each of the Global Business Units by driving proximity to markets whilst
                                                                                       Assessments and adoption of stringent data protection safeguards across
also providing centralised oversight and assurance services.
                                                                                       direct-to-consumer channels.
We have increased our investment in medical and regulatory processes
                                                                                       Competition law risk and control assessments were completed in key
to ensure our product claims are more data-focused and substantiation
                                                                                       markets, with supporting mitigation plans agreed and implemented. Our
is stronger. Enhanced metric-based reporting now allows us to focus
                                                                                       third-party bribery, interaction with HCEs and HCPs, and grants, donations
on in-market issues and identification of any process improvements.
                                                                                       and charitable contributions processes have evolved through the
Current control strategy                                                               introduction of an enhanced operating model supported by more robust
Multiple control programmes are in place to manage regulatory                          systems and procedures.
compliance risks including resiliency mapping, our REACh compliance
                                                                                       Our third-party due diligence programme has been fortified and aligned
programme and updates to our company core datasheets.
                                                                                       across Global Business Units for consistency.
Regulatory intelligence processes and systems have been strengthened
                                                                                       Our claims substantiation processes have also been strengthened in
and we have evolved how our regulatory KPIs are established, monitored
                                                                                       response to the settlement of a number of legacy cases.
and reported.
                                                                                       Current control strategy
The Risk, Sustainability & Compliance Committee (RSCC) structure
                                                                                       A Senior Vice-President Legal was appointed to each Global Business
ensures appropriate regulatory KPIs are reported to all levels in the
                                                                                       Unit in 2020, with dedicated ethics and compliance resources working
organisation. There is an appropriately resourced single system for
                                                                                       alongside the Global Business Units to roll out the Compliance programme
consumer complaints in place and specialist audit teams providing
                                                                                       across all key markets. The programme of global compliance risk
independent assurance.
                                                                                       assessments will continue in 2022, alongside implementation of new
Activity impact for 2022                                                               policies and procedures, allowing us to effectively respond to any
The Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) programme will systematise                      changes in the risk profile.
our product safety and compliance processes, aligning with the standards
                                                                                       All employees are required to complete online Global compliance training
set within the Product Integrity Review (PIR) and Product Safety
                                                                                       modules every year. Core modules include Code of Conduct, anti-bribery,
Evaluation Report (PSER) projects. PLM is due for completion in 2022.
                                                                                       antitrust, data privacy, human rights, and (separately) product safety and
Review of the end-to-end artwork and label approval process is ongoing
                                                                                       cyber security.
and continues to be a focus area for the business.
                                                                                       The Group-wide Speak Up hotline is operational, widely communicated
Our Regulatory teams partner with external regulators to credibly engage
                                                                                       and reinforced through a robust, independent investigation process and
in regulation development and to assess the impact and opportunities
                                                                                       follow-up procedure.
of future regulations to drive readiness, innovation and competitive
advantage. Target rating from current Amber to Green at the end of 2022.               Activity impact for 2022
This is a multi-year deliverable to replace current systems.                           Continued advancement of the Ethics & Compliance programme through
                                                                                       targeted risk assessments, enhanced analytics and expansion of the
                                                                                       training programme will help to drive greater awareness of relevant laws,
                                                                                       regulations and company policies. Expansion of the third-party risk
                                                                                       management strategy will strengthen supply chain governance. Target
                                                                                       rating to remain Amber at the end of 2022. This is an ongoing and
                                                                                       dynamic programme.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                              99
      Risk Management (Continued)




      15. SOUTH KOREA HUMIDIFIER                                                          EMERGING RISKS
           SANITISER (HS)
            Risk movement:         Oversight accountability
            No change              Executive ownership of the risk at a Group
                                   level resides directly with the General Counsel
                                   & Company Secretary. Board oversight is
                                                                                           The implementation of an effective
                                   provided by the main Board.
                                                                                           risk management framework within an
                                                                                           organisation remains a cornerstone of
                                                                                           the corporate governance expectations
                                                                                           contained within the 2018 revisions to
      The South Korea Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue was a tragic event. The
      Group continues to make both public and personal apologies to victims.               the UK Corporate Governance Code.
      The risk: Financial and reputational risk as a result of the health issues
      caused by consumers inhaling a humidifier sanitiser previously sold                  We have defined an emerging risk as an event that has the
      by Oxy, which Reckitt acquired in 2001. The product was withdrawn                    potential to significantly impact Reckitt’s financial position,
      in 2011.
                                                                                           competitiveness and reputation, specifically:
      Potential impact
      While a provision was made in 2016 to cover the initial government                   •              when the nature and value of the impact is not yet fully known
      classification rounds and certain other costs, the risk of additional                               or understood, giving the emerging nature of the risk; and/or
      exposure remains. An amendment made to the HS Special Law in 2020
                                                                                           •              with an increasing impact and probability over a longer time
      has led to an increased volume of civil claims against Reckitt Benckiser
      Korea (RBK). The South Korean Government has now decided to include                                 horizon (i.e. five or more years).
      asthma, toxic hepatitis and children’s interstitial lung disease as HS injuries
      and there is potential further expansion of liability as the new amendment
      to the law reduces the burden of proof to establish that injury or illness is
      caused by HS exposure. Further, under the law amendment, the Korean
      Government can impose additional contributions to the Industry Relief
      Fund (IRF) up to the amount of the previously collected for the Special
      Relief Fund (SRF).
      Mitigation progress in 2021                                                                                                                                    Emergence of
                                                                                                                                                                   Environmental Tax
      RBK has continued to work with the Government, victims and other
                                                                                                                                                                      Instruments
      businesses to progress settlement with existing category 1 and 2
      claimants via its Compensation Plan, and address legal claims, as well                                                                  Sector
      as to restore trust among consumers in South Korea. RBK also made                                                                    Consolidation
      comments on the issues with the HS law amendment during the
      legislative process.




                                                                                        Speed of impact
      Current control strategy
      Full public apology formally and repeatedly made by RBK to affected
      parties. Regular review meetings continue with the Group, to monitor
      issues as they arise. The Group has encouraged RBK to seek a broader
      resolution involving all responsible parties on a basis that provides fair
                                                                                                                                                   Economic
      compensation to legitimate victims, with each responsible party                                                                             Volatility in
      contributing its fair share. An HS mediation committee has been                                                                       post-COVID World
      established and has been meeting with claimant groups and industry
      companies to discuss various issues related to designing a comprehensive
      mediation plan to cover all HS victims.
      Activity impact for 2022                                                                                              Geopolitical            Science and
      The Group will continue to encourage RBK to seek a broader resolution                                                                         Technology
      and will continue to evaluate options to do the right thing while limiting                                                                    ‘Disruptors’
      liability to fund compensation payments which are not anchored in proper
      standards of legal and scientific proof. Target rating likely to remain Amber.

                                                                                                                                           Probability




                                                                                                            Low financial                 Moderate                       Significant
                                                                                                              impact                   financial impact               financial impact




100
Strategic Report                                          Governance                                               Financial Statements


    Grow brands and innovate             Drive superior execution          Invest in capabilities

    Increase productivity                Embed sustainability              Actively manage the portfolio



Category        ID   Risk title                     Risk statement
                1    Geopolitical                   Increasing geopolitical volatility with the potential to destabilise key markets and in some cases disrupt
                                                    our operations. This includes domestic political developments and regional tensions, the longer-term
                                                    impact of Brexit, fluctuations in oil prices, and changes to local regulations impacting imports and exports
                                                    e.g. subsidies, duties etc.


                2    Economic Volatility in         Emerging from COVID-19, we are now faced with a highly volatile global economy. Some economies that
                     post-COVID World               have ‘bounced back’ are seeing increasing inflationary pressure and uncertainty whether such inflation is a
                                                    structural or transitory issue, while other countries are moving further into recession. We are also seeing a
                                                    surge in barriers to global trade, including COVID-19 restrictions and global freight shortages. This volatility
                                                    impacts our commercial strategies, including pricing, and may expose the Group to high levels of instability.
                                                    Further, the impact of COVID-19 on consumer behaviours is increasingly uncertain, impacting our ability to
                                                    accurately plan and forecast.
                3    Sector Consolidation           Across the consumer products sector, we are seeing increasing levels of consolidation combined with the
                                                    rise of private equity firms. Consolidation in the number of players together with higher levels of

    Strategic
                                                    competition for potential acquisition targets may impact our ability to drive inorganic growth.



                4    Emergence of                   We see a potential increase in the use of taxes or other fiscal instruments in areas such as materials
                     Environmental Tax              (e.g. plastics), packaging (e.g. single-use or non-recyclable), landfill disposal, as well as emerging water or
                     Instruments                    carbon taxes as governments seek to encourage producer responsibility, promote behaviour change and
                                                    fully cost externalities. This is particularly the case as governments seek to redress the financial impacts of
                                                    COVID-19 and ‘build back better’.



                5    Science and Technology         COVID-19 saw the development of the world’s first mRNA vaccines, created using new technology that
                     ‘Disruptors’                   has significant potential to be applied in the fight against other diseases, including seasonal cold and flu.
                                                    The use of mRNA technology and other emerging science to create new vaccines or novel therapies to
                                                    fight seasonal cold and flu could significantly disrupt the traditional cold and flu category in the long term.




1. GEOPOLITICAL                                                                       2. ECONOMIC VOLATILITY IN POST-COVID WORLD
The risk: Increasing geopolitical volatility with the potential                       The risk: Emerging from COVID-19, we are now faced with a
to destabilise key markets and in some cases disrupt our                              highly volatile global economy. Some economies that have
operations. This includes domestic political developments                             ‘bounced back’ are seeing increasing inflationary pressure and
and regional tensions, the longer-term impact of Brexit,                              uncertainty whether such inflation is a structural or transitory
fluctuations in oil prices, and changes to local regulations                          issue, while other countries are moving further into recession.
impacting imports and exports e.g. subsidies, duties etc.                             We are also seeing a surge in barriers to global trade, including
                                                                                      COVID-19 restrictions and global freight shortages. This
Potential impact
                                                                                      volatility impacts our commercial strategies, including pricing,
The potential impacts of any geopolitical volatility are wide-
                                                                                      and may expose the Group to high levels of instability. Further,
ranging and include decreasing sales and revenue, fluctuations
                                                                                      the impact of COVID-19 on consumer behaviours is increasingly
in corporate finance and treasury, and fewer opportunities for
                                                                                      uncertain, impacting our ability to accurately plan and forecast.
strategic growth. As we operate across a large global network,
geopolitical instability can also impact our supply chain operations,                 Potential impact
workforce management practices and the safeguarding of our                            Economic volatility, including high inflation, may impact our pricing
data and intellectual property.                                                       and margin strategies. Our commercial teams closely monitor
                                                                                      economic trends, adapting commercial strategies to optimise
Mitigation
                                                                                      our business appropriately. High levels of demand volatility
We closely monitor the global geopolitical climate to ensure we
                                                                                      may also adversely impact the accuracy of our planning and
understand any developments and their potential to impact our
                                                                                      forecasting activities.
business. Key measures include monitoring and analysis of any
political or regulatory uncertainty through our external affairs                      Mitigation
network, engagement of advisors in critical markets and                               Whilst we cannot fully protect our business from recessionary or
identification of security threats facing the business through                        inflationary pressures, we take appropriate measures to maximise
our Corporate Security programme.                                                     and protect it during such periods of volatility. Key actions include:
                                                                                      portfolio rightsizing and review of pricing guidelines; adapting
                                                                                      our channel strategy with disruptive value offerings and the
                                                                                      acceleration of the e-commerce portfolio; ensuring we carefully
                                                                                      balance price and volume-led growth through targeted costing
                                                                                      programmes; maintaining prudent financial risk management
                                                                                      through clear metrics for large investments; and accurate
                                                                                      forecasting and cash flow management. In addition, a reset of
                                                                                      our sales and operations planning processes is underway, together
                                                                                      with a review of end-to-end planning processes and systems,
                                                                                      to improve planning and forecasting accuracy.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                101
      Risk Management (Continued)



      3. SECTOR CONSOLIDATION                                                   5. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ‘DISRUPTORS’
      The risk: Across the consumer products sector, we are seeing              The risk: COVID-19 saw the development of the world’s first
      increasing levels of consolidation combined with the rise                 mRNA vaccines, created using new technology that has
      of private equity firms. Consolidation in the number of                   significant potential to be applied in the fight against other
      players together with higher levels of competition for                    diseases, including seasonal cold and flu. The use of mRNA
      potential acquisition targets may impact our ability to                   technology and other emerging science to create new
      drive inorganic growth.                                                   vaccines or novel therapies to fight seasonal cold and flu
                                                                                could significantly disrupt the traditional cold and flu category
      Potential impact
                                                                                in the long term.
      Increasing sector consolidation and the associated increase
      in competition may impact our ability to successfully drive               Potential impact
      inorganic growth.                                                         Failure to respond to disruptive science and technology may
                                                                                impact the longer-term demand for our products.
      Mitigation
      The Corporate Development team is responsible for identifying,            Mitigation
      evaluating and executing Reckitt’s global M&A opportunities. This         We engage in a number of external partnerships which allow us
      involves regularly scanning the competitive landscape to identify         to participate in leading research around hygiene interventions,
      potential mergers, acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures or           epidemiology, and the development of emerging treatments.
      long-term partnerships. Corporate Development partners closely            These include our partnership with the Global Hygiene Council and
      with each Global Business Unit and IMEX to help establish clear and       establishment of the independent Reckitt Global Hygiene Institute.
      prioritised inorganic business development objectives, so the             Our R&D and Science teams actively engage with the scientific
      business is focused on the right targets that will help create            community through participation in conferences, thought
      long-term value.                                                          leadership and research projects. Working with this consortium of
                                                                                external experts helps us to stay abreast of leading developments
      4. EMERGENCE OF ENVIRONMENTAL TAX INSTRUMENTS                             in science and regulatory affairs, and the impact of emerging
      The risk: We see a potential increase in the use of taxes or other        technology. Horizon-scanning activities are undertaken internally
      fiscal instruments in areas such as materials (e.g. plastics),            across a number of teams, including the Corporate Development
      packaging (e.g. single-use or non-recyclable), landfill disposal,         team and individual brand teams, helping to identify threats and
      as well as emerging water or carbon taxes as governments                  opportunities in each category.
      seek to encourage producer responsibility, promote behaviour
      change and fully cost externalities. This is particularly the case
      as governments seek to redress the financial impacts of
      COVID-19 and ‘build back better’.

      Potential impact
      Introduction of environmental taxes or other related fiscal
      instruments could impact our commercial strategies by increasing
      the overall cost of production. Failure to comply with such
      emerging regulations could also result in adverse financial
      or reputational impact.

      Mitigation
      Our Sustainability Ambitions have been designed to reduce our
      environmental footprint and allow us to respond to the Extended
      Producer Responsibility (EPR) and tax regulation we are seeing
      emerge across multiple geographies. Our ambitions include
      combating climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions,
      increasing our use of renewable energy sources and reducing
      our overall carbon footprint. We are increasing water efficiency
      and aim to be water positive in water-stressed areas through
      catchment management; and we have set a target of zero waste
      to landfill for all of our manufacturing sites. Progress in these areas
      is tracked through quarterly reporting.

      A number of initiatives are underway to reduce our use of plastics
      and other non-recyclable packaging materials, including virgin
      plastic, as well as our overall chemical footprint. These projects
      have been built into product development pipelines across
      each Global Business Unit. A working group has been established
      to coordinate our response to emerging EPR and tax regulation
      across 45 products. This will include an initial review of the data
      required to support reporting and analysis, and subsequent
      strategic intervention through innovation to lower the potential
      cost burden.




102
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                      Financial Statements


Viability Statement




OUR VIABILITY
STATEMENT
THE ASSESSMENT PROCESS AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS                                 The Board has further considered the occurrence of a Black Swan
                                                                           event: an event of greater adversity than those modelled above,
The Board’s Viability Review is based on the Group’s strategy,
                                                                           with sufficient potential impact to risk the future of Reckitt as
its long-term financial plan and its principal risks.
                                                                           a strong and independent business operating in its chosen
A financial forecast covering a five-year period was prepared              markets. The occurrence of a major issue could result in significant
(the base case). This period was selected as it is the period              reputational impact, a substantial share price fall, significant loss of
covered in the Group’s long-term forecasting process, based on             consumer confidence, and the inability to retain and recruit quality
the budget and projections for the following years and covers the          people. Such an event could have an impact on the viability of
introduction to market of the current new product pipeline. The            the business. On the basis of a comprehensive set of mitigating
period also covers the majority of Reckitt’s debt repayment profile.       controls in place across the business, considering the unknown
                                                                           nature of a Black Swan event and that its occurrence is considered
The financial forecast is based on a number of key assumptions
                                                                           highly unlikely, it has not been included in the Viability Review.
aligned to the Group’s growth strategy, planned capital spending,
and capital allocation policy. The assessment of viability takes into
account the Group’s cash flow, its currently available banking             VIABILITY STATEMENT
facilities and interest cover ratios in relevant financial covenants,      The Board believes that the Group is well-positioned to manage
and does not assume the raising of additional new debt or equity           its principal risks successfully. The Board’s belief is based on
finance. If Reckitt performs in line with the base case forecasts,         consideration of the historic resilience of Reckitt and has taken
it will have sufficient funds to trade, settle its liabilities as they     account of its current position and prospects, the actions taken
fall due, remain compliant with financial covenants, and remain            to manage the Group’s debt profile, risk appetite and the
viable. Moreover, the Group has access to external debt markets            principal risks facing the business in unexpected and adverse
on account of its credit rating together with a well-diversified           circumstances. Mitigating actions, should they be required, are all
supplier network, customer base and product range, and                     within management’s control and could include reduced capital
geographical activities with a strong innovation pipeline, and             expenditure or temporary suspension of dividend payments.
dividend cover.
                                                                           CONCLUSION
ASSESSMENT OF PRINCIPAL RISKS AND VIABILITY                                As a result of the Viability Review, the Board has a reasonable
To further test the robustness of the base case forecast, further          expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation
analyses were prepared to consider the viability of the business           and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the five-year period
in the event of adverse unexpected circumstances. Such adverse             covered in the Viability Review.
circumstances were modelled primarily upon the crystallisation of
the Group’s principal risks (see pages 90 to 102, including mitigation
and control strategies). Principal risks have the potential to create
adverse circumstances for the Group and can occur individually
or in combination with each other. The assessment of viability
considered the implications of crystallisation of each principal risk,
assigning each an estimated annual monetary value and estimating
the impact on interest cover ratios and headroom over available
borrowing facilities.

These principal risks were aggregated to create two scenarios
which model plausible downside scenarios of increasing severity
based on: (i) crystallisation of principal risks deemed to have the
                                                                           The Strategic Report, as set out on pages 2 to 103, has been
most relevant potential impact on viability (see risks marked ‘1’ on
                                                                           approved by the Board.
page 90); and (ii) crystallisation of all principal risks and the impact
of adverse movements in foreign exchange and interest rates. The           On behalf of the Board
analysis indicated that even with unexpected events occurring
                                                                           Catheryn O’Rourke
immediately and in combination, Reckitt would still have sufficient
                                                                           Company Secretary
funds to trade, settle its liabilities as they fall due, and remain
                                                                           Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
compliant with financial covenants.
                                                                           13 April 2022




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               103
      Corporate Governance Report




                                       CHAIR’S
      “Good governance and a
      strong culture and values are




                                       INTRODUCTION
      integral to Reckitt’s Purpose.
      We act responsibly and strive
      to do the right thing always.




                                       TO GOVERNANCE
      Our Board is committed
      to upholding the highest
      standards of governance
      to protect our shareholders
      and stakeholders’ long-term
      interests and ensuring
                                       Dear Shareholder,
      social and environmental         On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present Reckitt’s Corporate Governance Report
      obligations are fulfilled.”      for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. The Board is responsible for the effective
                                       leadership of the Group and for promoting its long-term sustainable success, generating
                                       value for shareholders and contributing to wider society.
      Chris Sinclair
      Chair                            The Board provides leadership by setting the company’s Purpose, strategy and values,
                                       monitoring culture and ensuring its alignment with the company’s Purpose, strategy and
                                       values, and overseeing its implementation by management. All Directors must act with
                                       integrity, lead by example and promote the company’s culture and values. The Board
                                       ensures there are appropriate processes in place to manage risk, including the company’s
                                       risk appetite, and monitors the company’s financial and operational performance against
                                       objectives.

                                       Effective governance during the COVID-19 pandemic
                                       I am pleased to report that the Group’s governance framework operated effectively during
                                       2021 in light of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic. Governance and risk management
                                       have been important areas of focus for the Board over the last few years. Through our
                                       Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance (CRSEC) Committee,
                                       we have broadened our approach to managing safety and compliance risk, which is
                                       discussed in more detail on page 144.

                                       In addition, the impact of COVID-19 has reinforced a number of the UK Corporate
                                       Governance Code 2018 (the Code) principles and provisions – the importance of effective
                                       leadership, of the Group having a clear Purpose and strong values, and of these being
                                       cohesive with the Group’s desired culture. Our response and decision-making throughout
                                       the COVID-19 pandemic has paid due consideration to the wellbeing and safety of our
                                       employees and our employees have adapted effectively and efficiently to new ways
                                       of working. The Board recognises the exceptional way Reckitt continues to rise to
                                       the challenge and is extremely proud of the enormous dedication and courage of
                                       our employees.

                                       Board focus and oversight
                                       In 2020 we launched our Rejuvenating Sustainable Growth strategy, including our new
                                       Purpose, Fight and Compass. Under the new strategy our business was split into three
                                       Global Business Units (GBUs); Hygiene, Health and Nutrition. One year on, Reckitt is emerging
                                       much stronger, as a more resilient and purposeful company. We have made significant
                                       progress in building the foundations for rejuvenating sustainable growth. Our key areas of
                                       Board focus during the year included: our response to COVID-19 and ensuring effective
                                       governance and risk processes were in place; developing our strategy and seeking new
                                       opportunities; building our new Reckitt brand, companioning stakeholder engagement and
                                       wellbeing; enhancing our culture through our Purpose, Fight and Compass; and progressing
                                       our diversity and inclusion agenda. Further details can be found on our Board activities
                                       throughout the year on pages 119 and 120.

                                       Our approach to sustainability
                                       During 2021, we launched our sustainability ambitions, for a Cleaner, Healthier World, which
                                       set out new ambitions to 2030, backed by an existing investment of more than £1 billion over
                                       the next ten years to ensure we meet our goals. Our ambitions align with Reckitt’s Purpose
                                       and our strategy for sustainable growth and focus on three areas: Purpose-Led Brands,




104
Strategic Report                                     Governance          Financial Statements




Healthier Planet and Fairer Society. We began our sustainability
agenda in 2012 and since then we have made significant progress,
but as the world’s social, health, and environmental needs have
intensified so will the role we play as a business. We were delighted
to be named as the official hygiene partner for the COP26 meeting
in November 2021, enabling a safe event that supports a healthy
future for the planet. Further details on our role and commitment
at COP26 can be found on pages 20 to 21. In addition, we are
forging new ways of working with like-minded partners to drive
meaningful, sustainable change for example, we have started
building partnerships with WWF and the Fair Rubber Association.
More information on our partnerships and progress towards our
sustainability ambitions can be found on pages 16 to 17.

Culture and values
Our culture and values define the way that Reckitt does business
and this starts with our employees. We aim to create the space and
opportunities to help our employees make a difference and do the
right thing, always. During 2020 and 2021, Reckitt has played an
important role in the global fight to stop the spread of COVID-19,
which would have not been possible without the efforts of our
diverse and talented employees across the world. Being diverse
and inclusive is not an additional principle for us, it is integral to
the way we think and act. It is our collective responsibility to build
inclusion into everything we do, while ensuring we represent the
people we are and the global community we serve. Our Code
of Conduct reinforces our principles of business conduct and is
communicated to all employees each year with mandatory training.
Our values underpin our Code of Conduct and were further
enhanced in early 2020 with our renewed Purpose, Fight and
Compass. Our Global Code of Conduct sets out the level of
conduct expected from all Reckitt employees, contractors,
outsourced personnel and joint ventures as well as the Board of
Directors, as accountable, ethical, and compliant owners of our
Hygiene, Health and Nutrition GBUs. Further details on our culture
and values can be found on pages 121 to 122.

Diversity and inclusion
The Board is committed to ensuring that Reckitt employees have
the Freedom to Succeed, which starts with creating an inclusive
environment where everyone feels able to participate and                      Reckitt, Thane Road, Nottingham, UK
realise their full potential. In 2020, we established our Stronger
Together sessions. During 2021, we continued to hold meaningful
discussions, share inspiring stories, and are now putting what
we’ve learnt into practice, with inclusion firmly at the heart of
Reckitt. We have made a five-year commitment to invite Reckitt
employees worldwide to attend Stronger Together conversations.
These conversations provide a regular forum to discuss important
issues relating to diversity and to inclusion. Since 2020, we are
proud to have held ten virtual global Stronger Together events
with over 4,000 attendees joining live each time. From race and
ethnicity, to LGBTQ+ matters, and from driving gender balance,
to confronting workplace exclusion, as well as recognising the
steps for change, we’re now charting a course for a more inclusive
future at Reckitt.

At the end of 2020, we established our Global Inclusion Board,
which is chaired by our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and made
up of senior leaders and sponsors of our Employee Resource
Groups (ERGs). Together, they set and drive our inclusion agenda.
Our Global Inclusion Board is accountable for strategic delivery,
governance, monitoring, reporting and communication. Our
inclusion strategy rests on six pillars. The work we’re doing on the
leadership, people and policy pillars helps ensure we are building
an inclusive culture internally. Externally, our inclusive approach to



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                             105
      Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


      procurement, brands and partnerships aligns what we do with              Board composition and succession planning
      who we are. We also announced our aim of gender balance at all           As part of the ongoing refreshment of the Board and following
      management levels by 2030. I am pleased to report that we were           an extensive search and recruitment process to strengthen the
      also ranked number three in the Consumer category of the FTSE            knowledge and capabilities of the Board, in January 2021, we
      100 for board diversity, in the UK Consumer Diversity Index 2021.        appointed Olivier Bohuon as a Non-Executive Director and as a
                                                                               member of the Remuneration Committee. Olivier has spent many
      UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 and section 172 reporting
                                                                               years as a successful CEO of a large global company. He has deep
      The Board considers compliance with the Code of utmost
                                                                               experience in healthcare products and markets and his insights
      importance. Any instances of non-compliance are only allowed
                                                                               have been valuable to Board discussions during the year. In
      through the authority of the Board if it can be shown that the spirit
                                                                               addition, we also announced during the year, certain changes
      of the Code and good corporate governance within the company
                                                                               to the composition of our Board Committees. In October, it was
      generally continues. This Governance report demonstrates how
                                                                               announced that Laxman Narasimhan, CEO had stepped down as a
      we have applied the principles and complied with the provisions
                                                                               member of the Nomination Committee and that Elane Stock had
      of the Code during the year. Our statement of compliance with the
                                                                               stepped down as a member of the Remuneration Committee and
      Code can be found on page 107.
                                                                               had been appointed as a member of the Audit Committee. In
      Effective engagement with our shareholders, our employees and            February 2022, we were delighted to announce that Alan Stewart
      wider stakeholders is of utmost importance to Reckitt’s sustainable      had joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director and member of
      success. Under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (CA 2006),          the Remuneration Committee. Alan brings significant corporate
      Directors must act in good faith and in a way that would be likely       finance and accounting experience from a variety of industries, as
      to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its             well as executive leadership experience within a listed company
      shareholders. In its decision-making, the Board considers wider          environment.
      stakeholder interests. Our key stakeholders include our employees,
                                                                               In December 2021, we announced that Rupert Bondy, General
      shareholders, customers, consumers, partners, government, and
                                                                               Counsel & Company Secretary would leave Reckitt at the end of
      industry associations, and the communities in which we operate.
                                                                               February 2022. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Rupert
      Throughout 2021, we remained committed to listening and
                                                                               for his outstanding contribution to the business over the last 5
      engaging with our stakeholders on key areas of Reckitt’s business.
                                                                               years. Rupert has been material in guiding the transition of the
      In May, the Board participated in a listening session held by external
                                                                               Board, and supporting a number of major acquisitions and
      stakeholders involved and knowledgeable in the area of Nutrition,
                                                                               disposals. We wish him all the best in his future endeavours.
      who provided a wide variety of perspectives on the topic of
                                                                               In February 2022, Catheryn (Cathy) O’Rourke joined the company
      nutrition. The session was interactive and Board members were
                                                                               as General Counsel & Company Secretary and member of Group
      invited to ask questions to the stakeholders. Additionally, in
                                                                               Executive Committee (GEC), following Rupert’s resignation. Cathy
      October, the Board participated in a listening session held by
                                                                               joins with more than 20 years of professional expertise in running
      external stakeholders on the topic of ecosystems, biodiversity and
                                                                               global legal and compliance teams, managing litigation and
      nature-based solutions. Details of our stakeholder engagement
                                                                               corporate transactions, overseeing financial reporting and
      activities undertaken during the year can be found from page 50.
                                                                               disclosure as well as supporting Board governance.




                                                                                                                          Reckitt, Thane Road,
                                                                                                                               Nottingham, UK




106
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                Financial Statements




Further details on the Board and GEC’s succession plans, including
the recruitment process and selection criteria, can be found in the
Nomination Committee Report, commencing on pages 128 to 132.
Biographies of the members of our Board and GEC can be found             UK CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
on pages 108 to 116.                                                     2018 STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
Board performance review
The Board undertakes an annual review of its own and its                 For the year ended 31 December 2021, the company
Committees’ performance and effectiveness. Last year,                    complied with all the provisions of the Code which is
the Board performance review was facilitated by Lintstock Ltd,           available to view on the Financial Reporting Council’s
who have been engaged to conduct a three-year Board                      (FRC) website www.frc.org.uk, and the Disclosure
Development Programme. Following a similar format to 2020,               Guidance and Transparency Rules requirements to
for 2021 we conducted a performance review of the Board and              provide a corporate governance statement.
Committee’s facilitated by Lintstock Ltd. Details of this year’s Board
                                                                         In accordance with Section 4, Principle N, Provision 27
performance review, our progress against the outcomes from our
                                                                         of the Code the Board considers that, taken as a whole,
2020 Board performance review and action to be taken to address
                                                                         this Annual Report and Accounts is fair, balanced and
the 2021 feedback can be found on pages 126 to 127.
                                                                         understandable and provides the information necessary
Annual General Meeting and shareholder voting                            for shareholders to assess the company’s position,
The Board views the Annual General Meeting (AGM) as a valuable           performance, business model and strategy.
opportunity to meet with its shareholders as well as an opportunity
for shareholders to put questions to the Chair, the Chairs of the
Committees and the Board. The safety of our shareholders,
Directors, employees, and other stakeholders remains of utmost
importance to us. In light of this and the continuing COVID-19

                                                                         HOW WE COMPLY WITH THE CODE
pandemic, in May 2021, our AGM was held as a closed meeting,
with a virtual webcast which shareholders were able to view
online. Shareholders and their proxies were able to vote in advance
of the meeting. Questions were submitted in advance of the AGM           1. Board leadership and company purpose             Page
or during the meeting in real time, enabling the Board to engage            Our Board of Directors                          108-113
and interact directly with shareholders. At last year’s AGM
                                                                            Group Executive Committee                       114-116
shareholders voted in favour of allowing us the flexibility to
hold a hybrid AGM going forward, if deemed necessary. At the                Reckitt’s approach to governance                117-118
time of publication, we anticipate this year’s AGM will be held             Board activities during 2021                    119-120
as a physical meeting.                                                      Our Purpose, strategy, values and culture       121-122
Conclusion
I am extremely proud of the Board and all our Reckitt employees          2. Division of responsibilities
for their continued commitment to creating value for our
                                                                            How we are governed                            123-125
shareholders and for contributing to the good governance and
stewardship of our business, on behalf of all our stakeholders.
                                                                         3. Composition, succession and evaluation
Chris Sinclair
Chair                                                                       Board performance review                       126-127
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc                                                 Nomination Committee Report                    128-132

13 April 2022
                                                                         4. Audit, risk and internal control
                                                                            Audit Committee Report                         133-140


                                                                         5. Remuneration
                                                                            Remuneration Committee Report                  148-187




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                107
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose




      OUR BOARD OF                                                                                            The Board consists of a balance



      DIRECTORS
                                                                                                              of Executive and Non-Executive
                                                                                                              Directors who together have
                                                                                                              collective accountability to Reckitt’s
                                                                                                              shareholders and stakeholders.

      Chris Sinclair
                                                                                                                      N   R    C
      Chair of the Board

      Nationality American                                              Board tenure 7 years, 2 months


      Appointment                                                       Chris graduated with a degree in Marketing from the
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in February                 University of Kansas and received an MBA from the
      2015 and as Chair of the Board in May 2018.                       Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.

      Career                                                            Skills and experience
      Chris is the former Chair and CEO of Mattel, Inc.                 Chris brings strong leadership skills and valuable
      Previously, he served as CEO for various private-                 strategic insight to the Board, through his experience
      equity-backed companies, including Caribiner                      as CEO and Chair of other large companies. He also
      International and Quality Food Centers (now part                  has a strong understanding of international
      of the Kroger Co.). Earlier in his career, Chris held a           consumer-focused businesses.
      number of senior positions at PepsiCo, including Chair
      and CEO of Pepsi-Cola Co. (worldwide beverages),                  Current external appointments
      and CEO of PepsiCo Foods and Beverages                            None
      International. He was also a Director of Foot Locker,
      Inc. and Perdue Farms, Inc.




      Laxman Narasimhan
      Chief Executive Officer

      Nationality American                                              Board tenure 2 years, 8 months


      Appointment                                                       from The Wharton School of the University of
      Appointed as CEO-Designate in July 2019 and as CEO                Pennsylvania.
      on 1 September 2019.
                                                                        Skills and experience
      Career                                                            Laxman is an outstanding leader who brings wide
      Prior to joining Reckitt, Laxman held various senior              experience across the consumer goods sector, both
      roles at PepsiCo from 2012 to 2019, including Global              operationally and at scale. Laxman has exceptional
      Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Executive Officer                 strategic capabilities and consumer insight with a
      of Latin America, Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa                   proven track record of developing purpose-led brands
      operations – where he ran PepsiCo’s food and                      and driving consumer-centric and digital innovation.
      beverage businesses across the regions – and Chief                He has previously advised global organisations, led
      Executive Officer of Latin America. Prior to PepsiCo,             complex operational businesses and inspired teams
      Laxman served as a Director of McKinsey & Company                 across developed and emerging markets to achieve
      and held various roles from 1993 to 2012. He was also             market-leading performance. This, combined with his
      an Advisory Board member of the Jay H. Baker                      excellent people engagement and leadership skills,
      Retailing Center at The Wharton School of the                     makes him well qualified for the role.
      University of Pennsylvania.
                                                                        Current external appointments
      Laxman holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering                   Non-Executive Director of Verizon
      from the College of Engineering, University of Pune,              Communications Inc.
      India. He has a Master’s degree in German and                     Trustee of Brookings Institution
      International Studies from The Lauder Institute at
      the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA in Finance              Member of the Council on Foreign Relations




      Key

            Chair         R    Remuneration           N    Nomination           A    Audit          C      Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability,   Appointments after
                                                                                                           Ethics and Compliance                       31 December 2021




108
Strategic Report                                             Governance                                                   Financial Statements




Jeff Carr
Chief Financial Officer

Nationality British                                             Board tenure 2 years


Appointment                                                     Skills and experience
Appointed as Chief Financial Officer on 9 April 2020.           Jeff brings extensive experience across consumer
                                                                and retail companies and is also an alumnus of Reckitt.
Career                                                          Jeff has a record of transformational strategic and
Prior to joining Reckitt, Jeff was Chief Financial Officer      operational leadership, consistent performance
and Management Board member at Ahold Delhaize,                  delivery, strong capital allocation discipline and
the Dutch retailer operating across Europe and the              building strong teams; all of which lead to longer-term
USA. Before joining Ahold Delhaize Jeff held the                shareholder value creation.
role of Chief Financial Officer at First Group plc
and easyJet plc and held senior finance roles at                Current external appointments
Associated British Foods plc and Reckitt. Jeff started          Chair of the Audit Committee and Non-Executive
his career as a graduate trainee at Unilever plc.               Director of Kingfisher plc

Jeff holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from
the University of Exeter and is a Chartered
Management Accountant.




Olivier Bohuon
                                                                                                                    R
Non-Executive Director

Nationality French                                              Board tenure 1 year, 3 months


Appointment                                                     doctorate in Pharmacy from the University of Paris-Sud
Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in                        and an MBA from HEC Business School in Paris.
January 2021.
                                                                Skills and experience
Career                                                          Olivier is a successful leader, with many years’
Olivier was CEO of FTSE 100 medical devices company             experience as CEO of a large, global company. Olivier
Smith & Nephew plc from 2011 to 2018. Prior to that,            has a wealth of experience in healthcare products and
he served as CEO of healthcare, cosmetology and                 markets and brings great insight to the Board.
pharmaceutical company Laboratoires Pierre Fabre
from 2010 to 2011, and from 2003 to 2010 he worked              Current external appointments
at Abbott Laboratories, rising to Corporate Executive           Chair of Majorelle
Vice President and President of the pharmaceutical              External Director of Takeda Pharmaceutical
products division. Earlier in his career, Olivier worked        Company Limited
at GlaxoSmithKline plc in positions of increasing               External Director of Virbac SA
seniority. He also served on the Board of Smiths Group
plc from July 2018 to November 2020. Olivier became             Co-Founder and Board member of
a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 2007. Olivier has a         AlgoTherapeutix SAS




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          109
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)


      Andrew Bonfield
                                                                                                                    A   N
      Non-Executive Director

      Nationality British                                        Board tenure 3 years, 8 months


      Appointment                                                Skills and experience
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in July 2018         Andrew brings more than three decades of financial
      and as Chair of the Audit Committee in January 2019.       expertise to the Board. He is a strong leader, with
                                                                 experience gained in large, complex organisations,
      Career                                                     and has a history of driving strong financial
      Andrew has been Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar     performance in the UK and globally. These skills are
      Inc. since September 2018. He was previously Group         valuable to the Board and to his role as Chair of the
      CFO of National Grid plc from 2010 to 2018. Prior to       Audit Committee.
      this, he held the position of Chief Financial Officer
      at Cadbury plc and also served as Executive Vice           Current external appointments
      President & Chief Financial Officer at Bristol Myers       Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc.
      Squibb. Andrew is a Chartered Accountant and holds
      a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University
      of KwaZulu-Natal in Durban, South Africa.




      Margherita Della Valle
                                                                                                                        A
      Non-Executive Director

      Nationality Italian/British                                Board tenure 1 year, 8 months


      Appointment                                                positions in data analytics and consumer base
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in July 2020.        management. From 2004 to 2007, she was Chief
                                                                 Financial Officer of Vodafone Italy.
      Career
      Margherita has been Chief Financial Officer of             Margherita holds a Master’s degree in Economics from
      Vodafone Group Plc since July 2018. She also runs          Bocconi University in Italy.
      Vodafone Shared Services, which was established
      in 2011 to optimise quality and efficiency across          Skills and experience
      Vodafone’s customer, technology, finance and HR            Margherita has extensive experience of financial
      operations. Prior to her current role, Margherita was      markets and digital technologies. She is deeply
      Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Vodafone, between        experienced in business in both developed and
      2015 and 2018, having held a number of senior              developing markets, bringing great insight to the
      positions in finance beforehand, including Group           Board. These skills, together with her strong
      Financial Controller and Chief Financial Officer of        leadership background, are valuable to the Board
      Vodafone’s Europe region. Earlier in her career, she       and her membership of the Audit Committee.
      joined Omnitel Pronto Italia, which became Vodafone        Current external appointments
      Italy in 1994, and held various consumer marketing         Chief Financial Officer of Vodafone Group Plc




      Nicandro Durante
                                                                                                               R    N   C
      Senior Independent Director

      Nationality Brazilian/Italian                              Board tenure 8 years, 4 months


      Appointment                                                Business Administration from the Pontifical Catholic
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in                   University of São Paulo, Brazil, and has obtained
      December 2013 and as Senior Independent Director           postgraduate qualifications in finance and economics.
      in January 2019.
                                                                 Skills and experience
      Career                                                     Nicandro has strong leadership skills, developed in
      Nicandro started his career working in finance in Brazil   various senior positions held throughout his career.
      and joined British American Tobacco plc (BAT) in 1981.     He has a strong background in the consumer goods
      Whilst at BAT, Nicandro worked in the UK, Hong Kong        industry and strong international business experience,
      and Brazil and held a number of senior positions           bringing a global perspective to his role.
      including Regional Director for Africa and the Middle
      East, Chief Operating Officer and, from 2011 to 2019,      Current external appointments
      Chief Executive Officer. Nicandro holds a degree in        Chair of TIM Participações S.A. and Chair of the
                                                                 ESG Committee




110
Strategic Report                                           Governance                                                      Financial Statements




Mary Harris
Non-Executive Director
Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement
                                                                                                                R      N
with the company’s workforce

Nationality British/Dutch                                     Board tenure 7 years, 2 months


Appointment                                                   Mary graduated from the University of Oxford with a
Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in February             Master’s degree in Politics, Philosophy and Economics
2015, as Chair of the Remuneration Committee in               and completed her MBA at Harvard Business School.
November 2017 and as Designated Non-Executive
Director for engagement with the company’s                    Skills and experience
workforce in July 2019.                                       Mary has substantial experience in consumer and retail
                                                              businesses across China, Southeast Asia and Europe.
Career                                                        She brings to the Board a top-level strategic outlook,
Mary is currently a Non-Executive Director of ITV plc,        with international and consumer focus. Her previous
where she is also a member of the Audit and Risk              experience in other Non-Executive Director roles,
Committee, and the Nominations Committee, and                 and as Chair of other Remuneration Committees,
Chair of the Remuneration Committee. She is also a            is invaluable in allowing her to effectively chair the
member of the Remuneration Committee of St. Hilda’s           Remuneration Committee.
College, Oxford and a Supervisory Director of HAL
Holding N.V. Mary was previously a Partner at McKinsey        Current external appointments
& Company. She also held the position of Member of            Non-Executive Director of ITV plc
the Supervisory Board of TNT NV, Scotch and Soda NV           Member of the Remuneration Committee of St. Hilda’s
and TNT Express NV and was Vice-Chair of the                  College, Oxford University
Supervisory Board and Chair of the Remuneration               Supervisory Director of HAL Holding N.V.
Committee of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield S.E.
She was formerly a Non-Executive Director and Chair
of the Remuneration Committee of J Sainsbury plc.



Mehmood Khan
                                                                                                                       C
Non-Executive Director

Nationality American/British                                  Board tenure 3 years, 8 months


Appointment                                                   Physicians, London and of the American College
Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in July 2018.           of Endocrinology, and holds two Honorary PhDs
                                                              in Humanities and International Law.
Career
Mehmood has been Chief Executive Officer of Life              Skills and experience
Biosciences Inc. since April 2019. He was previously          Mehmood is a highly skilled medical practitioner
Vice Chair and Chief Scientific Officer, Global Research      and researcher. He brings to the Board extensive
and Development, at PepsiCo Inc. Mehmood previously           experience in both developing and developed
held the position of President, Global Research &             markets, adding value to the CRSEC Committee
Development Centre at Takeda Pharmaceutical                   through his knowledge of creating sustainable
Company Limited. He was a faculty member at the               initiatives, and past experiences of leading
Mayo Clinic and Mayo Medical School in Rochester,             research and development efforts to create
Minnesota, serving as Consultant Endocrinologist              breakthrough innovations.
and Director of the Diabetes, Endocrine and Nutritional
Trials Unit in the endocrinology division.                    Current external appointments
                                                              Chief Executive Officer of Hevolution Foundation
Mehmood has a medical degree from the University              Executive Chair of Life Biosciences Inc.
of Liverpool, is a Fellow of the Royal College of



Pam Kirby
                                                                                                           C    A      N
Non-Executive Director

Nationality British                                           Board tenure 7 years, 2 months


Appointment                                                   Skills and experience
Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in February 2015        Pam brings to the Board extensive knowledge of
and as Chair of the CRSEC Committee in July 2016.             the healthcare sector and a wealth of international
                                                              business and pharmaceutical experience. These
Career                                                        skills are highly valuable to her role as Chair of the
Pam served as Chair of SCYNEXIS, Inc. until June 2015.        CRSEC Committee.
She was formerly CEO of Quintiles Transnational
Corporation and held senior positions in the                  Current external appointments
international healthcare industry at AstraZeneca plc          Non-Executive Director of DCC plc
and Hoffman-La Roche. Pam holds a first-class BSc             Non-Executive Director of Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc
honours degree and a PhD in Clinical Pharmacology
from the University of London.                                Member of the Supervisory Board of AkzoNobel N.V.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           111
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)


      Sara Mathew
                                                                                                                          A
      Non-Executive Director

      Nationality American                                        Board tenure 2 years, 8 months


      Appointment                                                 Sara received her undergraduate degree from the
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in July 2019.         University of Madras in Chennai, India and holds an
                                                                  MBA in Marketing and Finance from Xavier University
      Career                                                      in Cincinnati, Ohio.
      Sara was previously Chair and Chief Executive Officer
      of Dun & Bradstreet. In this role, she led the              Skills and experience
      transformation of the company into an innovative            Sara has extensive Board experience across a number
      digital enterprise. Prior to her role as Chair and Chief    of industries including healthcare, consumer products
      Executive Officer, she also served as President and         and financial services. She has experience with
      Chief Operating Officer, and as Chief Financial Officer     consumer goods products and digital technologies
      where she initiated and managed the redesign of the         and has led strategic and digital transformations.
      company’s accounting processes and controls. Prior to       She has a proven track record of adding significant
      her career at Dun & Bradstreet, Sara spent 18 years at      strategic value, brings great insight to the Board
      Procter & Gamble serving as CFO of the Baby Care            through her previous positions, and demonstrates
      and Pamper Products businesses and Vice President           valuable leadership qualities.
      of Finance in Asia. Previously, she served on the
      boards of Shire Pharmaceuticals Limited, Campbell           Current external appointments
      Soup Company and Avon.                                      Chair of Freddie Mac
                                                                  Director of Dropbox Inc.
                                                                  Director of State Street Corporation
                                                                  Director of XOS Corporation



      Elane Stock
                                                                                                                          A
      Non-Executive Director

      Nationality American                                        Board tenure 3 years, 7 months


      Appointment                                                 Elane holds a BA in Political Science from the
      Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in                    University of Illinois and an MBA in Finance from The
      September 2018.                                             Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

      Career                                                      Skills and experience
      Elane has been Chief Executive Officer of                   Elane brings great sector-relevant experience and
      ServiceMaster Brands since October 2020. Elane              insight of consumer goods products to the Board,
      was previously Group President at Kimberly-Clark            particularly in personal care and wellness. She
      International where she was responsible for business        also brings vast knowledge of emerging markets
      operations in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America.         and the changing channels of trade and
      Prior to this, Elane was Global President at Kimberly-      consumer preferences.
      Clark Professional with responsibility for the division
      selling workplace hygiene and safety products. She          Current external appointments
      has also held the position of Director at Equifax Inc.      Chief Executive Officer of ServiceMaster Brands
      In her earlier career, Elane was a Partner at McKinsey      Director of Yum! Brands, Inc.
      & Company in the US and Ireland.




          Alan Stewart
                                                                                                                          R
          Non-Executive Director

          Nationality British                                         Board tenure 2 months


          Appointment                                               appointed in September 2014, has been a member
          Appointed as a Non-Executive Director and member          of the Nomination, Remuneration and Audit
          of the Remuneration Committee in February 2022.           Committees of Diageo plc from appointment, and
                                                                    has been Chair of the Audit Committee since 2017.
          Career
          Alan was Chief Financial Officer of Tesco PLC from        Skills and experience
          2014 to 2021 where he played a key role in the            Alan brings to the Board significant corporate
          turnaround of Tesco. Prior to his role at Tesco, Alan     finance and accounting experience from a variety of
          was CFO of Marks & Spencer Group plc from 2010 to         industries, including retail, banking and travel, as well
          2014. He previously served as CFO of AWAS, Group          as executive leadership experience within a listed
          Finance Director of WH Smith PLC and CEO and              company environment.
          CFO of Thomas Cook Holdings. He also served on
          the board of Games Workshop Group plc as a                Current external appointments
          non-executive director. Alan is currently a               Non-Executive Director of Diageo plc
          Non-Executive Director of Diageo plc having been




112
Strategic Report                                              Governance                                              Financial Statements




DIVERSE LEADERSHIP

The graphs below show the Board’s composition, tenure, nationality, ethnic diversity
and skills. Further details regarding diversity at Group Executive Committee level and
our approach to diversity and inclusion can be found on pages 130 to 131.


Directors as at 31 December 2021                                                        Length of tenure as at 31 December 2021

                          7                                       5                                              5                 3                         4

    Male            Female                                                                  0-3 years         3-6 years         6-9 years         9+ years




Nationality as at 31 December 2021                                                      Ethnic diversity as at 31 December 2021

           3                        4               1     1       1    1     1                   3                                            9

    British         American             British/Dutch        American/British              Ethnic minority group          Non-ethnic minority group

    Brazilian/Italian         Italian/British        French




Board members skills overview1

                                                                                                                                   2




                        Financial                                                                                                      Consumer goods
6                                                                                Strategy                13                                                          11
                        expertise                  7                                                                                       & retail




                                                                                                                                 With skill

                                                                                                                                 Without skill



                                                                             Healthcare &                 6
                    Leadership                    13
                                                              7             Pharmaceuticals




                                                                                                                      1.   The figures reflect the number of Board
                                                                                                                           members at the date of publication




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   113
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)




      GROUP EXECUTIVE
      COMMITTEE
      01                             02                              Laxman Narasimhan
                                                                     Chief Executive Officer                                                        01
                                                                     Nationality American                  Company tenure 2 years, 8 months


                                                                     Experience
      Laxman Narasimhan              Jeff Carr
                                                                     Laxman joined Reckitt as CEO-Designate in July 2019 and was appointed as
      Chief Executive Officer        Chief Financial Officer         CEO on 1 September 2019. Prior to joining Reckitt, Laxman held various senior
                                                                     roles at PepsiCo from 2012 to 2019, including, Global Chief Commercial Officer,
      03                             04                              Chief Executive Officer of Latin America, Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa
                                                                     operations – where he ran the company’s food and beverage businesses
                                                                     across the regions – and Chief Executive Officer of Latin America. Prior to
                                                                     PepsiCo, Laxman served as a Director of McKinsey & Company and held various
                                                                     roles from 1993 to 2012. He was also an Advisory Board member of the Jay H.
                                                                     Baker Retailing Center at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

      Kris Licht                     Volker Kuhn                     Laxman holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from the College of
                                                                     Engineering, University of Pune, India. He has a Master’s degree in German and
      President Health &             President Hygiene
                                                                     International Studies from The Lauder Institute at the University of Pennsylvania
      Chief Customer Officer                                         and an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of
                                                                     Pennsylvania. Laxman is an outstanding leader who brings wide experience
      05                             06                              across the consumer goods sector. He has previously led complex operational
                                                                     businesses and inspired teams across developed and emerging markets to
                                                                     achieve market-leading performance. He has exceptional strategic capabilities
                                                                     and consumer insight with a proven track record of developing purpose-led
                                                                     brands and driving consumer-centric digital innovation.


      Pat Sly                        Ranjay Radhakrishnan
                                                                     Jeff Carr
      President Nutrition            Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                                     Chief Financial Officer                                                        02
      07                             08                              Nationality British                   Company tenure 2 years


                                                                     Experience
                                                                     Jeff joined Reckitt as Chief Financial Officer on 9 April 2020. Prior to joining
                                                                     Reckitt, Jeff was Chief Financial Officer and Management Board member at
                                                                     Ahold Delhaize, the Dutch retailer operating across Europe and the USA. Before
                                                                     joining Ahold Delhaize, Jeff held the role of Chief Financial Officer at First Group
      Miguel Veiga-Pestana           Sami Naffakh                    plc and easyJet plc and held senior finance roles at Associated British Foods
      Head of Corporate Affairs &    Chief Supply Officer            plc and Reckitt. Jeff started his career as a graduate trainee at Unilever plc.
      Chief Sustainability Officer                                   Jeff is currently Chair of the Audit Committee and Non-Executive Director of
                                                                     Kingfisher plc. Jeff holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University

      09                             10                              of Exeter and is a Chartered Management Accountant.

                                                                     Jeff brings extensive experience across consumer and retail companies. He has
                                                                     a strong track record of transformational strategic and operational leadership,
                                                                     consistent performance delivery, strong capital allocation discipline and
                                                                     building strong teams.


      Angela Naef                    Filippo Catalano
      Chief R&D Officer              Chief Information &             Kris Licht
                                     Digitisation Officer            President Health & Chief Customer Officer                                      03
      11                             12                              Nationality American                  Company tenure 2 years, 5 months


                                                                     Experience
                                                                     Kris joined Reckitt in November 2019 as Chief Transformation Officer. On 1 July
                                                                     2020, Kris became President Health and Chief Customer Officer. Prior to joining
                                                                     Reckitt, Kris held a number of senior strategic and operational positions at
      Rupert Bondy                   Catheryn O’Rourke               PepsiCo. Most recently he served as Division President in PepsiCo’s North
                                                                     American beverage business. Prior to this, Kris was a Partner at McKinsey &
      General Counsel &              General Counsel &
                                                                     Company working for over 12 years in the firm’s consumer, health and retail
      Company Secretary              Company Secretary               practices. Kris brings strong operational and strategic experience to
                                                                     the Committee.


114
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                           Financial Statements




Volker Kuhn                                                                           Ranjay has experience in a number of specialist areas of HR such as talent,
President Hygiene                                                               04   diversity and inclusion, learning, reward, organisational effectiveness,
                                                                                      complementing large generalist roles in both mature and developing markets.
                                                                                      Ranjay has lived and worked in several countries, including the UK, the
Nationality German                     Company tenure 1 year, 8 months                Netherlands, Singapore, the UAE and India. He graduated from Mumbai
                                                                                      University in Commerce and Accounting and has a Master’s degree in Personnel
                                                                                      Management and Industrial Relations from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences
Experience                                                                            in Mumbai, India.
Volker Kuhn has been President Hygiene since May 2021.

Prior to his current role, Volker was the Chief Transformation Officer at Reckitt
where he led the significant acceleration of our productivity program,                Miguel Veiga-Pestana
turbo-charged new growth platforms and led corporate strategy.                        Head of Corporate Affairs & Chief Sustainability Officer                     07
Prior to joining Reckitt, Volker spent 26 years with Procter & Gamble (P&G) in
a range of international finance, marketing, and senior general management            Nationality British                  Company tenure 5 years
roles. In his last role with P&G, Volker led the fabric care business unit, Europe,
and the global unit-dose detergent platform.
                                                                                      Experience
Volker is a passionate brand builder and has a strong track record of leading         Miguel joined Reckitt as the Head of Corporate Affairs in 2017, responsible for
successful business turnarounds, growth initiatives and transformations,              all aspects of strategic communications, brand and reputation management.
including the carve-out and divestiture of Duracell from P&G. He started his          He was subsequently appointed as Chief Sustainability Officer in 2018
career at Deutsche Bank and subsequently worked for a small consulting firm           responsible for overseeing the development and integration of Reckitt’s
before joining P&G.                                                                   sustainability and purpose-led agenda. He became Head of Corporate Affairs
                                                                                      & Chief Sustainability Officer and a member of the Group Executive Committee
Volker currently serves as Chair and a Non-Executive Board member of FRoSTA
                                                                                      in April 2020.
AG, a leading European frozen food company. He is based in Amsterdam.
                                                                                      Prior to joining Reckitt, Miguel was Chief Communications Officer at the Bill &
                                                                                      Melinda Gates Foundation, based in Seattle, US. Previously, Miguel spent over
Pat Sly                                                                               a decade at Unilever and held several regional and global roles, notably as the
President Nutrition                                                             05   Vice-President for Global Sustainability Strategy and Advocacy. Miguel has
                                                                                      more than 30 years’ external affairs, communications and sustainability
                                                                                      experience, having held positions in the UK, US and Brussels.
Nationality American                   Company tenure 4 years, 7 months


Experience                                                                            Sami Naffakh
Pat joined Reckitt as part of the Mead Johnson Nutrition (MJN) acquisition            Chief Supply Officer                                                         08
in 2017. He was appointed as Chief Operating Officer, Nutrition in July 2021.
In February 2022, Pat was appointed as President Nutrition.
                                                                                      Nationality French                   Company tenure 1 year, 9 months
Pat has more than 20 years of experience in senior leadership roles in general
management, marketing, and sales across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific
                                                                                      Experience
and Latin America. In his role as Chief Operating Officer, Nutrition, Pat leads the
                                                                                      Sami joined Reckitt as Chief Supply Officer on 1 July 2020 and is responsible for
global Nutrition business which includes Infant Formula & Child Nutrition (IFCN),
                                                                                      Reckitt’s global supply chain operations, which includes planning, procurement,
Specialty Nutrition, Maternal Nutrition and Adult Nutrition.
                                                                                      manufacturing and logistics. Since January 2021, he has also been responsible
Pat holds a degree in Business from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana          for Reckitt’s Quality, Environmental Health & Safety (EHS) and Quality
University and an MBA from the Olin Business School at Washington University          Compliance teams.
in St. Louis.
                                                                                      Sami brings to Reckitt close to 30 years of broad international leadership
                                                                                      experience in fast-moving consumer goods companies such as Unilever,
                                                                                      Danone and Estée Lauder – as well as Reckitt, where he previously held
Ranjay Radhakrishnan                                                                  several leadership positions from 2003 to 2009. Most recently, Sami was
Chief Human Resources Officer                                                   06   Executive Vice President at Arla Foods, the Danish farmer-owned dairy
                                                                                      cooperative, where he headed up supply chain operations globally. Sami is
                                                                                      skilled in leading major transformations of supply chain operations, increasing
Nationality Indian                     Company tenure 2 years, 1 month                competitiveness, agility and sustainability to quickly adapt to evolving
                                                                                      consumer trends and customer requirements.
Experience
Ranjay Radhakrishnan joined Reckitt as Chief Human Resources Officer on
1 March 2020. Ranjay has 29 years’ experience in the human resources function
across different geographies and industries. Prior to joining Reckitt, Ranjay was
the Chief Human Resources Officer at InterContinental Hotels Group plc, one
of the world’s leading hotel companies. Previously, Ranjay spent over two
decades at Unilever, in a range of senior leadership roles at global, regional and
country levels. His last role at Unilever was Executive Vice President Global HR,
where he led HR for Unilever’s eight regions and four global product categories,
under a unified global HR leadership role.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   115
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)


      Angela Naef                                                                           Rupert Bondy
      Chief R&D Officer                                                             09     General Counsel & Company Secretary                                            11
      Nationality American                  Company tenure 1 year, 6 months                 Nationality British                  Company tenure 5 years, 2 months
                                                                                                                                 (Resigned in February 2022)
      Experience
      Angela joined Reckitt as Chief R&D Officer in September 2020. Angela is               Experience
      responsible for elevating Reckitt’s science capability and platforms as well as for   Rupert joined Reckitt as General Counsel & Company Secretary in January 2017
      driving external partnerships. She is a passionate problem solver, innovator and      and is responsible for legal matters across the Group. He began his career as
      connector. With a strong belief in the power of collaboration, Angela is focused      a lawyer in private practice. In 1989 he joined US law firm Morrison & Foerster,
      on enabling the Research & Development organisation to deliver meaningful             working in San Francisco and London, and from 1994 he worked for Lovells in
      solutions addressing both mega trends and sustainability, to deliver growth.          London. In 1995 he joined SmithKline Beecham as Senior Counsel for mergers
                                                                                            and acquisitions and other corporate matters. When SmithKline Beecham and
      Angela brings to Reckitt over 22 years of diverse senior leadership experience in
                                                                                            Glaxo Wellcome merged to form GlaxoSmithKline plc, Rupert was appointed
      product and business development roles. Most recently, Angela spent ten years
                                                                                            Senior Vice President and General Counsel. In 2008, Rupert became Group
      at DuPont, in various technical and commercial leadership roles, where she led
                                                                                            General Counsel of BP plc, holding that position until he joined Reckitt. Rupert
      the Nutrition & Biosciences Global Technology and Innovation organisation.
                                                                                            is a seasoned general counsel with extensive experience across a number of
      Angela has a strong track record of accelerating innovation in the areas of food
                                                                                            sectors, including consumer healthcare.
      and nutrition sciences, materials, health and clinical sciences, regulatory and
      biotechnology. She is a passionate advocate for diversity and inclusion and
      actively works on STEM education to inspire the next generation of new
      scientists, engineers and experts. Angela is a graduate of the University of             Catheryn O’Rourke
      California, Davis with a PhD in Physical Chemistry, and is a Six Sigma Black Belt.       General Counsel & Company Secretary                                    12
                                                                                               Nationality American                    Company tenure 2 months
      Filippo Catalano
      Chief Information & Digitisation Officer                                       10       Experience
                                                                                               Cathy joined Reckitt as General Counsel & Company Secretary in
      Nationality Italian                   Company tenure 1 year                              February 2022, and is responsible for legal, company secretarial and
                                                                                               legal compliance matters across Reckitt.

      Experience                                                                               Cathy brings more than 20 years of experience managing global teams
      Filippo joined Reckitt as Chief Information & Digitisation Officer on 1 April 2021.      and handling complex legal and compliance matters. Most recently,
      Filippo is responsible for building and maintaining Reckitt’s competitive                Cathy was Chief Legal and Compliance Officer at Smith & Nephew plc.
      leading-edge IT, data and digital capabilities. Filippo brings to Reckitt extensive      Prior to joining Smith & Nephew plc, Cathy spent 11 years of her career
      leadership experience in defining and shaping IT, digital portfolios and                 with Davis Polk.
      technology-enabled new business models across leading consumer goods
      organisations. In his previous role, Filippo was SVP, Global Chief Information           Cathy is a graduate of Princeton University, Harvard Law School and the
      Officer at Nestlé, where he led the transformation of technology platforms,              University of New South Wales, Australia.
      data, analytics, e-business, processes and tech skills. Prior to Nestlé Filippo
      worked at Procter & Gamble (P&G) across geographies, categories and IT
      disciplines, leading the digital transformation in key brands and corporate
      initiatives. Filippo currently serves as a Non-Executive Director at Farmer
      Connect, a leading tech company providing blockchain-based traceability
      for farm-to-fork supply chains.

                                                                                            Other Group Executive Committee members who served in
                                                                                            the year

                                                                                             Harold van den Broek
                                                                                             President Hygiene, joined Reckitt in 2014 and left in May 2021

                                                                                             Aditya Sehgal
                                                                                             President of Nutrition, e-RB & Greater China, joined Reckitt in 1994 and left in
                                                                                             October 2021




116
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                                Financial Statements




RECKITT’S APPROACH
TO GOVERNANCE
Leadership at Reckitt                                                            in November 2021, and can be found on the company’s website,
There is a clear and effective leadership structure in place at                  at www.reckitt.com/investors/corporate-governance. The current
Reckitt. The Board has established four Board Committees to                      Committee membership of each Director is shown on pages 108
assist in the execution of its responsibilities. These are the                   to 112. There are also three supporting Management Committees:
Nomination Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration                              the Disclosure Committee; the Group Executive Committee (GEC),
Committee and CRSEC Committee. Each Committee operates                           and the Risk, Sustainability and Compliance Committee (RSCC).
under terms of reference approved by the Board. The terms of
reference are reviewed regularly, with the last review taking place


 Our Board
 The Board is collectively responsible for the overall leadership of the Group and for promoting its long-term sustainable success whilst focusing
 on its strategic direction, purpose, values and governance with the highest regard to the principles of the Code. There is a clear division of
 responsibilities between the Board, its Committees and Management Committees.




 Nomination Committee                    Audit Committee                        Remuneration Committee                    CRSEC Committee
 Chaired by Chris Sinclair               Chaired by Andrew Bonfield             Chaired by Mary Harris                    Chaired by Pam Kirby

 Responsible for making                  Responsible for monitoring the         Responsible for assisting the             Responsible for supporting
 recommendations to the                  integrity of Reckitt’s Financial       Board in fulfilling its oversight         the Board in reviewing,
 Board on suitable candidates            Statements and for ensuring            responsibility by ensuring                monitoring and assessing
 for appointment to the Board,           effective functioning of internal      that the Remuneration Policy              the company’s approach to
 its Committees and senior               audit, internal financial control      and practices reward fairly               responsible, sustainable, ethical
 management and to regularly             and risk management. It is             and responsibly are linked                and compliant corporate
 review and refresh their                also responsible for managing          to corporate and individual               conduct and to assist the
 composition to ensure that they         the company’s relationship             performance, and take                     Board in upholding its values
 comprise individuals with the           with its External Auditor.             account of the generally                  of honesty and respect.
 necessary skills, knowledge                                                    accepted principles of good
 and experience to effectively                                                  governance. The Committee
 discharge their responsibilities,                                              is responsible for determining
 whilst keeping in mind the                                                     the remuneration for the
 importance of diversity.                                                       Chair, Executive Directors
                                                                                and senior management.
       More details are set out in             More details are set out in            More details are set out in the           More details are set out in
       the Nomination Committee                the Audit Committee Report             Remuneration Committee                    the CRSEC Committee
       Report on pages 128 to 132              on pages 133 to 140                    Report on pages 148 to 187                Report on pages 141 to 147




 Disclosure Committee                                 Group Executive Committee (GEC)                        Risk, Sustainability and Compliance
 Chaired by Laxman Narasimhan                         Chaired by Laxman Narasimhan                           Committee (RSCC)
                                                      The GEC is responsible for overseeing                  Chaired by Laxman Narasimhan
 Responsible for ensuring accuracy and
                                                      Reckitt’s management and ensuring                      Provides oversight of risk across the
 timeliness of disclosure of financial
                                                      collaboration between GBUs, functions and              organisation and makes recommendations
 and other public announcements.
                                                      in-market operations. It recommends and                to the CRSEC Committee for actions to
                                                      implements the strategy and related budget             be taken in respect of the Group’s legal
                                                      as approved by the Board. The GEC drives               compliance & ethics, sustainability, external
                                                      business and cultural transformation, reviews          affairs, employee health and safety, quality,
                                                      business performance and approves business             consumer safety and regulatory related
                                                      development plans and major investments. It            matters, including compliance strategies,
                                                      plays a critical role in talent management and         policies, programmes and key activities.
                                                      development and oversees the integration of
                                                      sustainability within business operations.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                       117
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)


      Board attendance during 2021                                                           Executive Directors present. There were four scheduled and
      In 2021, there were five scheduled Board meetings, three of which                      two additional Audit Committee meetings, five scheduled
      were held via videoconference as permitted by the company’s                            Remuneration Committee meetings, two scheduled and one
      Articles of Association, owing to restrictions imposed by the                          additional Nomination Committee meetings, and four scheduled
      COVID-19 pandemic. An additional six Board meetings were held                          meetings of the CRSEC Committee.
      during the year relating to various matters including; potential
                                                                                             The table below sets out the attendance by Directors at the
      mergers and acquisitions, review of going concern considerations,
                                                                                             scheduled Board and Committee meetings which each Director
      approval of the Reckitt 2021 Annual Report and Notice of Meeting,
                                                                                             was eligible to attend. Directors who were not members of
      and confirmation of AGM arrangements. The formal meetings in
                                                                                             individual Board Committees were also invited to attend one or
      September each year are strategy sessions which are normally
                                                                                             more meetings of those Committees during the year. Where a
      held overseas, to allow the Board to immerse itself in the Group’s
                                                                                             Director is unavoidably absent from a Board or Board Committee
      operations, to visit local sites and meet the local workforce.
                                                                                             meeting, they still receive and review the papers for the meeting
      This year, in light of the easing of government restrictions, the
                                                                                             and typically provide verbal or written input ahead of the meeting,
      September 2021 strategy sessions were held in person in the UK.
                                                                                             usually through the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the relevant
      As part of the September Board schedule, members of the Board
                                                                                             Board Committee, so that their views are considered at the
      participated in a site visit to Reckitt’s Nottingham factory. In
                                                                                             meeting. Given the nature of the business to be conducted, some
      addition, Board members held roundtable sessions with local
                                                                                             of the additional Board meetings were convened at short notice,
      employees to listen to their experiences of working for Reckitt.
                                                                                             which can make it difficult for some Directors to attend due to
      Following the conclusion of each scheduled Board meeting, the
                                                                                             prior commitments and their home locations.
      Chair held a session with the Non-Executive Directors, without the



                                           Board                     Audit                    Remuneration          CRSEC                  Nomination
                                                                     Committee                Committee             Committee              Committee



                                           5
                                           Scheduled meetings
                                                                     4
                                                                     Scheduled meetings
                                                                                              5
                                                                                              Scheduled meetings
                                                                                                                    4
                                                                                                                    Scheduled meetings
                                                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                                                           Scheduled meetings

           Andrew Bonfield                 5/ 5                      4 /4                                                                  2/2
           Jeff Carr                       5/ 5
           Margherita Della Valle          4 1 /2 / 5                3/4
           Nicandro Durante                5/ 5                                               5/ 5                  4 /4                   2/2
           Mary Harris                     5/ 5                                               5/ 5                                         2/2
           Mehmood Khan                    5/ 5                                                                     4 /4
           Pam Kirby                       5/ 5                      3/4                                            4 /4                   2/2
           Sara Mathew                     5/ 5                      4 /4
           Laxman Narasimhan1              5/ 5                                                                                            1/ 1
           Chris Sinclair                  5/ 5                                               5/ 5                  4 /4                   2/2
           Elane Stock   2
                                           5/ 5                      1/ 1                     4 /4
           Olivier Bohuon                  4/5                                                4/5

      1.     Stepped down from the Nomination Committee on 1 October 2021

      2.     Stepped down from the Remuneration Committee and joined the Audit Committee on 25 October 2021




118
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                            Financial Statements




BOARD ACTIVITIES DURING 2021
How Board meetings are structured                                             At the conclusion of every scheduled Board meeting, the Chair
Board meetings are structured in an open atmosphere conducive                 holds a session with the other Non-Executive Directors, without
to challenge and debate. Agendas are tailored to the requirements             the Executive Directors present, providing further opportunity for
of the business and agreed in advance by the Chair and CEO with               the Non-Executive Directors to assess the performance of the
the support of the General Counsel & Company Secretary.                       Executive Directors and help drive future agenda items. Details
                                                                              of each Director’s attendance at Board meetings can be found
The Board receives operating and financial reports from the CEO
                                                                              on page 118.
and CFO on strategic and business developments, as well as
financial performance and forecasts at each meeting. Detailed                 The Board uses its meetings as a way of discharging its
presentations are also made by non-Board members on material                  responsibilities set out in section 172 of the CA 2006 and considers
matters to the Group.                                                         its various stakeholder groups when making decisions to promote
                                                                              the success of the company as a whole.
In addition, the Chairs of the Audit, Remuneration, CRSEC and
Nomination Committees update the Board on the proceedings
of those meetings, including key topics and areas of concern.


Our activities during the year


Strategy and planning

 Group plans and budgets                                                      • Acquired the Biofreeze brand from Performance Health to
 • Reviewed forecasts and key performance targets, including                    strengthen our Health portfolio and deepen Reckitt’s presence
   assumptions, scenarios and projections                                       within the broader pain category in the US
 • In November, reviewed the Group’s financial plan for 2022                  Rebranding as Reckitt
 Strategy                                                                     • Reviewed and approved the rebranding of the company as Reckitt,
 • Board members met in person for a three-day meeting in                       as part of our transformation towards sustainable growth. The new
   September 2021 to discuss strategy and the innovation pipeline               brand identity is more recognisable to our stakeholders and is built
                                                                                on our Purpose: to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless
 Mergers and acquisitions
                                                                                pursuit of a cleaner, healthier world
 • Sold the Scholl brand to Yellow Wood Partners to bring greater
   focus and to strengthen our portfolio                                      Business updates
                                                                              • Reckitt strategic reviews, including COVID-19 impact at Group and
 • Completed the sale of our Infant Formula and Child Nutrition (IFCN)
                                                                                GBU level, functional reviews of certain business areas and capability
   business in China to Primavera Capital Group following a
                                                                                centres and status updates on transformation programmes
   comprehensive review by the Board of the strategic options for
   the business, marking another step in our strategy to Rejuvenating         Sustainability strategy
   Sustainable Growth and create long-term value by actively, and             • Launched our sustainability ambitions to 2030 to provide a road
   decisively, managing our portfolio                                           map of how we embed sustainability in Reckitt activities, whilst
                                                                                driving environment and societal impact




Financial oversight

 Reporting                                                                    Going concern
 • Reviewed and approved Reckitt’s Annual Report and Financial                • Reviewed going concern and liquidity considerations arising from
   Statements including compliance with reporting requirements                  the COVID-19 pandemic
   for 2021                                                                   Financial resources
 • Reviewed and approved Reckitt’s half-year results                          • Reviewed the company’s financial position, Group debt and
 • Provided results presentations to investors and employees during              funding arrangements, including issuance of bonds
   the year                                                                   Interim and final dividend payments
                                                                              • Approved the final 2020 and interim 2021 dividend payments




Key
                                                                                           Government
       Customers            Employees            Partners             Communities          and industry            Consumers              Shareholders
                                                                                           associations




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  119
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)




      Leadership and governance

       Board and Committee performance review                                     • Passed a special resolution to update Reckitt’s Articles of
       • Conducted the annual Board performance review, identified areas            Association, giving the Board the flexibility to hold a hybrid
         for improvement and recommended actions                                    AGM going forward
       • Considered and proactively addressed actions from our 2020               • Held a Board listening session on Nutrition in which we heard
         internal Board performance review                                          from external experts and were invited to ask questions
       Composition and succession planning                                        • Held a Board listening session on the topic of Ecosystems,
       • Alan Stewart was appointed as a Non-Executive Director and                 Biodiversity and Nature-based solutions
         member of the Remuneration Committee in February 2022                    Compliance
       • Laxman Narasimhan, CEO stepped down as a member of the                   • Reviewed and approved governance matters, such as the
         Nomination Committee effective from 1 October 2021                         Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board, Committee terms
       • Elane Stock stepped down as a member of the Remuneration                   of reference, Directors’ conflicts of interest and compliance with
         Committee and was appointed as a member of the Audit                       the Code and best practice
         Committee, effective from 25 October 2021                                • Approved Reckitt’s 2020 Modern Slavery Act Statement,
       • Management succession planning reviewed in November                        as recommended by the CRSEC Committee

       Shareholders and stakeholders
       • Held the 2021 AGM as a closed meeting. Shareholders had the
         opportunity to pre-submit questions or ask them live during
         the meeting




      Risk management and internal control

       Risk appetite                                                              • The Board confirms that reviews and monitoring of the
       • The Board is responsible for compliance with the Code and the              appropriateness and effectiveness of the system of internal
          FRC’s Guidance on Risk Management, Internal Control and Related           control and risk management throughout the financial year and up to
          Financial and Business Reporting. The sectors and environment             the date of approval of the Annual Report and Accounts have been
          within which Reckitt operates are dynamic and fast-moving, and            satisfactorily completed with no significant failings or weaknesses
          in some areas, highly regulated and the controls are continually          identified. Reckitt’s ongoing controls transformation program in
          kept under review to minimise the potential exposure to risk. The         preparation for internal controls changes arising from the BEIS
          system is designed to assess and manage, rather than eliminate,           consultation, together with the investigation referred to in the Audit
          risks to Reckitt’s business objectives, and the Board relies on these     Committee Report on page 137, has identified certain control
          controls insofar as they are able to provide reasonable, but not          improvement opportunities that management is currently undertaking
          absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. The          Viability Statement
          Group’s principal and emerging risks and mitigating factors are         • Considered and approved the 2021 Annual Report Viability
          detailed on pages 88 to 102                                               Statement upon recommendation of the Audit Committee
       • As part of its risk control, Reckitt regularly evaluates its risks to    COVID-19
         achieving objectives, and the likelihood of such risks materialising     • Received updates on the company’s response to and the impact of
         and determining the ability of the Group to cope with the                  COVID-19 on the business, including focus on supply and consumer
         circumstances should they occur. In doing so, we are inherently            demand, the workforce and risk management
         considering our risk appetite through the actions that can be taken,
                                                                                  Treasury policy
         controls that can be implemented and processes that can be
                                                                                  • Reviewed and approved of the Group’s Treasury policies
         followed to reduce the chances of risk events taking place,
         mitigating the potential impact and ensuring that the cost of            Climate-related risk and environmental, social and governance
         doing so is proportionate to the benefit gained                          (ESG) matters
                                                                                  • The Board oversees, considers and reviews the Group’s ESG
       Principal risks and internal controls
                                                                                     strategy and has oversight of climate-related risks and
       • Conducted an annual review of Reckitt’s principal and emerging
                                                                                     opportunities. As part of the Board’s annual review of our principal
          risks and internal controls
                                                                                     and emerging risks, sustainability was considered. The Board’s
       • Reckitt is committed to maintaining strong internal controls and            focus included, both ESG performance, and the introduction of
         further enhancing these. Further information on internal control            the new Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
         activities during the year can be pound on pages 137 to 138 of the          climate reporting regulation that impacts the way we report
         Audit Committee Report. Functional and operational management               key metrics. In addition, the Board identified and assessed the
         meet to discuss performance measured against strategic aims and             principal ESG risks and the potential effects on Reckitt’s short- and
         goals, with risks and risk controls incorporated into the discussions.      long-term value. More information on sustainability can be found on
         During the year, the Directors undertook a robust assessment of the         pages 16 to 21. Our TCFD summary can be found on pages 66 to 67
         principal and emerging risks facing the company, including those that
                                                                                  • The CRSEC Committee supports the Board in reviewing,
         could threaten Reckitt’s business model, future performance,
                                                                                    monitoring, and assessing the Company’s approach to
         solvency and liquidity. Each principal and emerging risk is overseen
                                                                                    sustainability, which includes climate change. The CRSEC
         by the Board, or a designated Committee of the Board, and is subject
                                                                                    Committee reports to the Board regularly at Board meetings,
         to formal deep-dive reviews as appropriate at Board, GEC and GBU
                                                                                    providing an update on sustainability objectives and progress
         meetings. More details on the Group’s principal strategic risks and
                                                                                    against our targets. Further details on the activities of the CRSEC
         uncertainties can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 88 to 102
                                                                                    Committee can be found on pages 141 to 147




120
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                  Financial Statements




OUR PURPOSE, STRATEGY,
VALUES AND CULTURE
Our Purpose, Fight and Compass are fundamental to Reckitt’s           To evolve our culture and achieve sustainable outperformance,
culture and values. Our success as a business is founded on our       Leadership Behaviours are key. Our Leadership Behaviours set out
strong, distinctive culture. We want all our employees to have a      how we expect each of our leaders to behave and define what
sense of belonging and take personal pride in what they do. Our       good leadership looks like. Reckitt’s leaders are expected to Own,
approach is anchored by our Purpose: to protect, heal and nurture     Create, Deliver and Care, and in doing so, live our Purpose, Fight,
in the relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world. Our       and Compass, actively listen, learn, seek new opportunities, and
Compass sets out our values and behaviours. At its heart is the       focus on what matters. We have been proactively assessing our
goal of always doing the right thing, putting consumers and people    culture, including not only the role of our leaders but also the
first, seeking out new opportunities, striving for excellence and     efforts of our employees. More information on our culture can
building a culture of shared success.                                 be found on pages 46 to 49 and pages 55 to 56.

Across the globe, we have an interconnected vision that all
our employees have the Freedom to Succeed. Our Freedom
to Succeed employee value proposition aims to instil, promote,
reinforce, and reward the positive behaviours and attributes
that make that real. Our focus is on maintaining an open, positive,
inclusive culture by promoting continuing dialogue across the
company. The innovative and entrepreneurial spirit of our
employees is at its best when diverse teams unite, share ideas,
and create pioneering solutions.




                                                                                                                      Global
                                                                                                                      Headquarters,
                                                                                                                      Turner House,
                                                                                                                      Slough, UK




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                     121
      Board Leadership and Company Purpose (Continued)


      How the Board monitors culture
      A key focus of the Board is to monitor culture and ensure alignment between our Purpose, values, and behaviours. Our culture and values
      at Reckitt are defined by the Board and the GEC. Regular interactions with employees help the Board monitor culture.

      How we monitor culture                           Board interactions and engagement to monitor culture throughout the year

       Connecting directly with our employees          Board members meet with employees regularly. As part of this year’s September Board meeting
                                                       schedule, Board members visited the Nottingham factory and held round table discussions with
                                                       employees on the topics of inclusion, consumers, innovation and science, sustainability and
                                                       business transformation. The Board reviewed feedback from the round table discussions at its
                                                       November meeting. Feedback showed that employees were proud to work for Reckitt, that
                                                       significant progress had been made in developing a positive company culture, the handling of
                                                       COVID-19 working arrangements showed the company putting people first and that there was
                                                       a real sense of care for employees. In addition, certain areas were highlighted as requiring more
                                                       work, such as, complexity in the organisation, improving female representation in senior roles,
                                                       and the need for stability during a period of significant change within the organisation. Based
                                                       on the feedback received, the Board continues to monitor actions being taken to address
                                                       employee concerns.


       Monitoring employee perceptions                 Regular global all-employee surveys include questions to gauge employees’ perceptions and
                                                       understanding of leadership, inclusion, and wellbeing at Reckitt, and identify areas which require
                                                       greater attention. This year’s survey highlighted that employees would recommend Reckitt as a
                                                       place to work; they feel there is a culture of achievement at Reckitt; they are proud to work for
                                                       Reckitt; and value the commitments Reckitt makes. Responses from the survey also identified
                                                       areas that need further improvement, such as: creating an even more inclusive workplace with
                                                       more transparency on equal opportunities and career progression; improving processes and
                                                       automation of manual tasks; and investing in and developing people. The Board will continue
                                                       to monitor progress against these areas.


       Creating a forum for employees                  Our Stronger Together conversations provide a forum for employees across the world to share
       to be heard                                     inspiring and challenging stories focused on issues relating to diversity and inclusion. Board
                                                       members attended Stronger Together conversations throughout the year and Mary Harris, our
                                                       Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the company’s workforce, addressed
                                                       employees during a session focused on race and ethnicity.


       Ensuring employees are informed                 Quarterly all-employee global live-streaming results broadcasts were held by the CEO and CFO
                                                       to present the company results and employees are invited to ask questions and interact directly
                                                       with presenters.


       Staying informed of legal &                     At each Board meeting, the CRSEC Committee reports to the Board on legal compliance and
       compliance matters                              ethics matters, including the Group’s Speak Up programme, which provides safe communication
                                                       channels for employees wishing to raise concerns on potential violations of regulations, internal
                                                       policies or any misconduct observed at Reckitt.


       Maintaining open communication                  Our Ask Laks forum on the employee intranet provides a place where any employee can post
                                                       questions to our CEO, which are answered via the intranet, or in an informal discussion video.




122
Strategic Report                                        Governance                                     Financial Statements


Division of Responsibilities




HOW WE ARE
GOVERNED
Defining roles and responsibilities                                          •   Compliance with regulations governing UK publicly listed
The Board consists of a balance of Executive and Non-Executive                   companies, such as the UK Listing Rules, the Disclosure
Directors who, together, have collective accountability to Reckitt’s             Guidance and Transparency Rules and the Prospectus
shareholders and stakeholders as well as responsibility for the                  Regulation Rules
overriding strategic, financial and operational objectives and               •   Matters relating to developments in, or changes to, the Group’s
direction of Reckitt. The Board manages the overall leadership                   strategic direction, material corporate or financial transactions
of the Group with reference to its formal Schedule of Matters
Reserved for the Board. This schedule is reviewed annually, with             The full Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board is available on
the last review undertaken in November 2021, and broadly covers:             the Reckitt website at www.reckitt.com/investors/corporate-
                                                                             governance.
•    Matters which are legally required to be considered or decided
     by the Board, such as approval of Reckitt’s Annual Report and           Board roles and responsibilities
     Financial Statements, declaration of dividends and appointment          To ensure the Board performs effectively, there is a clear division
     of new Directors                                                        of responsibilities, set out in writing and agreed by the Board,
                                                                             between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership
•    Matters recommended by the Code to be considered by the
                                                                             of the business. The key roles are defined in greater detail below.
     Board, such as terms of reference for the Board and its
     Committees, review of internal controls and risk management



Non-Executive

    The Chair
    • Leading the Board and taking responsibility for the Board’s overall    • Ensuring an appropriate balance is maintained between the
      effectiveness in directing the company                                   interests of shareholders and other stakeholders
    • Upholding the highest standards of integrity and ethical leadership,   • Leading the annual performance review process for the Board and
      leading by example and promoting a culture of openness and               its Committees and addressing any subsequent actions
      debate, based on mutual respect, both in and outside the               • Promoting the highest standards of corporate governance
      boardroom and in line with our purpose, values, strategy and culture
                                                                             • Building a well-balanced, diverse and highly effective Board
    • Chairing Board, Nomination Committee and shareholder meetings
                                                                             • Ensuring Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information
      and setting Board agendas
                                                                             • Ensuring there are appropriate induction and development
    • Encouraging constructive challenge and facilitating effective
                                                                               programmes for all Board members
      communication between the Board, management, shareholders
      and wider stakeholders, whilst promoting a culture of openness         • Ensuring the long-term sustainability of the company
      and constructive debate


    The Senior Independent Director
    • Acting as a sounding board for the Chair on Board-related matters      • Being available to shareholders and stakeholders to address
    • Acting as an intermediary for other Directors as necessary               any concerns, which they have been unable to resolve through
                                                                               normal channels
    • Evaluating the Chair’s performance on an annual basis
                                                                             • Leading the search and appointment process for a new Chair,
    • Chairing Board and Nomination Committee meetings in the
                                                                               when necessary
      absence of the Chair


    Non-Executive Directors
    • Providing independent input into Board decisions through               • Ensuring there are effective systems of internal control and
      constructive challenge and debate, strategic guidance and                risk management and that these are continually monitored
      specialist advice                                                        and reviewed
    • Setting and approving the company’s long-term strategic, financial     • Setting appropriate levels of remuneration for Executive Directors
      and operational goals                                                    and ensuring performance targets are closely aligned with
    • Examining the day-to-day management of the business against the          shareholder interests
      performance targets and objectives set, ensuring that                  • Development of succession planning and the appointment and
      management is held to account                                            removal of senior management
    • Reviewing financial information and ensuring it is complete,           • Taking into account and responding to shareholders’ views.
      accurate and transparent



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              123
      Division of Responsibilities (Continued)



       Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the company’s workforce
       • Overseeing the Board’s engagement with the company’s               • Providing an employee voice in the boardroom and reporting
         workforce together with management, to understand more about         on certain matters relating to company culture, purpose,
         engagement and the culture of the company                            and improvements
       • Developing and implementing employee engagement initiatives




      Executive

       The Chief Executive Officer
       • Principally responsible for the day-to-day management of Reckitt,         • Managing Reckitt’s risk profile and establishing effective
         in line with the strategic, financial and operational objectives set        internal controls
         by the Board                                                              • Ensuring there are effective communication flows to the Board
       • Chair of the GEC, consisting of the CEO, the CFO and senior                 and the Chair, and that they are regularly updated on key matters,
         management executives, who together are responsible                         including progress on delivering strategic objectives
         for execution of the company’s strategy and achieving its                 • Regularly reviewing the organisation structure, developing a Group
         commercial aims                                                             executive team and planning for succession
       • Effective development and implementation of strategy and                  • Providing clear leadership to promote the desired culture, values
         commercial objectives as agreed by the Board                                and behaviours to inspire and support the company’s workforce
       • Maintaining relationships with investors and advising the                 • Ensuring the long-term sustainability of the business
         Board accordingly


       The Chief Financial Officer
       • Supporting the CEO in developing and implementing the                     • Ensuring the Board receives accurate, timely and clear information
         company’s strategy                                                          in respect of the Group’s financial performance and position
       • Leading the global finance function, and developing key talent and        • Developing and recommending the long-term strategic and
         planning for succession                                                     financial plan
       • Responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
         controls over financial reporting and for the preparation and
         integrity of financial reporting




      The Company Secretary

       • Providing advice and support to the Chair and all Directors               • Facilitating an induction programme for all Board members
       • Advising and keeping the Board up to date on all relevant legal and       • Ensuring there are policies and processes in place to help the
         governance requirements and ensuring the company is compliant               Board function efficiently and effectively
       • Ensuring the Board receives high-quality, timely information in           • Keeping abreast of shareholders’ views
         advance of Board meetings to ensure effective discussion



      A full description of the roles and responsibilities of the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Senior Independent Director can be found in the
      Corporate Governance section of our website: www.reckitt.com.



      How we manage conflicts of interest                                          would not provide cover for a Director or Officer if that individual
      Directors have a duty under the CA 2006 to avoid interests, direct or        was found to have acted fraudulently or dishonestly. Additionally,
      indirect, which might conflict with the interests of the Group. Under        Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance cover was maintained
      the terms of the company’s Articles of Association, such conflicts           throughout the year at the company’s expense.
      can be authorised by the Board. Procedures are in place to manage
                                                                                   Managing time commitment and ‘overboarding’
      and, where appropriate, approve such conflicts. Any authorisations
                                                                                   On appointment, Non-Executive Directors are made aware of
      granted by the Board are recorded by the General Counsel &
                                                                                   the need to, and are required to confirm that they will, allocate
      Company Secretary in a Register of Conflicts, together with the date
                                                                                   sufficient time to their role to discharge their responsibilities
      on which the conflict was authorised. Any conflicts authorised
                                                                                   effectively. They are also required to seek agreement from the
      during the year are reviewed annually by the Nomination Committee
                                                                                   Chair before taking on additional commitments, and to declare any
      and the Board. In addition, each Director certifies on an annual basis
                                                                                   actual or potential conflicts of interest. Non-Executive Directors
      that the information contained in the Register of Conflicts is correct.
                                                                                   are engaged under the terms of a letter of appointment. Initial
      The company indemnifies the Directors and Officers of the                    terms of appointment are for three years with three months’
      company and any Group subsidiary to the extent permitted by the              notice, with all Directors standing for election or re-election at
      CA 2006 and the Listing Rules in respect of the legal defence costs          every AGM. The Board has examined the length of service of each
      for claims against them and third-party liabilities. The indemnity           Director and considers that the Chair and each Non-Executive




124
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                      Financial Statements




Director standing for re-election or election at this year’s AGM is        Alan Stewart received a tailored induction following his
independent. The Board considers all Non-Executive Directors who           appointment to the Board as a Non-Executive Director and
served during the year to be independent. At the 2022 AGM, Sara            member of the Remuneration Committee. This included meetings
Mathew will not be standing for re-election.                               with key management across the business. He attended virtual
                                                                           meetings, with the CEO, CFO and General Counsel & Company
The Board and each Director is confident that each Director
                                                                           Secretary. He also met with the Presidents of the three GBUs. In
individually has the expertise and relevant experience required
                                                                           addition, he had meetings with members of the GEC, including the
to perform the role of a Director of a listed company and to
                                                                           Chief R&D Officer, Chief Supply Officer, Chief HR Officer, Chief
contribute effectively to the Board and Committees to which
                                                                           Information & Digitisation Officer and Head of Corporate Affairs &
they are appointed. The company recognises the developmental
                                                                           Chief Sustainability Officer. Alan is a member of the Remuneration
advantages of an external non-executive role on a non-competitor
                                                                           Committee and had discussions with Mary Harris, Chair of the
board and Executive Directors are permitted to seek such a role,
                                                                           Remuneration Committee, and the Group Head of Reward.
provided that they do not take on more than one non-executive
directorship in, or become the Chair of, a FTSE 100 company.               Both Non-Executive Directors inductions covered legal compliance
                                                                           matters including, a discussion on Directors’ duties and liabilities,
Laxman Narasimhan is currently a Non-Executive Director of
                                                                           disclosure of conflicts of interest and persons closely associated,
Verizon Communications Inc. and Jeff Carr is currently a Non-
                                                                           the UK Market Abuse Regulation and Reckitt’s share dealing code.
Executive Director of Kingfisher plc.
                                                                           The Directors received copies of the Board and Committee terms
Board support                                                              of reference; Reckitt Benckiser Group plc Articles of Association;
The General Counsel & Company Secretary is responsible for                 past Board and Committee effectiveness review summaries; the
organising Board meetings, as well as collating any papers for             latest Annual Report and Sustainability Report; and Reckitt’s
the Board to review and consider. Board and Committee papers               company policies.
are accessible to all Directors through a secure and confidential
                                                                           In previous years, ad-hoc site visits for newly appointed Directors
electronic document storage facility. This facility is maintained
                                                                           have been arranged to the Group’s operations to gain an insight
by Reckitt’s Secretariat function and additionally holds other
                                                                           into the business, and usually form part of the annual Board
information which the Chair, the CEO or the General Counsel &
                                                                           meeting cycle. We aim to have one Board strategy meeting
Company Secretary may deem useful to the Directors, such as
                                                                           held at an off-site business location each year. This gives new
press releases and pertinent company information.
                                                                           Directors an opportunity to engage directly with employees
All of the Directors have individual access to advice from the             and key personnel in other jurisdictions. As previously mentioned,
General Counsel & Company Secretary and a procedure exists                 in 2021, the off-site meetings were held in the UK, where Board
for Directors to take independent professional advice at the               members had the opportunity to meet in person, visit Reckitt’s
company’s expense in furtherance of their duties.                          Nottingham factory and listen to the views of employees through
                                                                           roundtable discussions.
Board induction, training and development
Reckitt has a comprehensive induction programme for new                    The Chair has overall responsibility for ensuring that the Directors
Directors. The programme covers Reckitt’s business, together               receive suitable training to enable them to carry out their duties.
with legal and regulatory requirements of Directors, and includes          As part of their role, Directors are also expected to personally
one-to-one presentations from senior executives across the Group           identify any additional training requirements they feel would
covering topics such as strategy, investor relations, taxation, internal   benefit them in performing their duties to the company. Ongoing
audit, CRSEC Committee matters, including a focus on ESG matters,          training arranged by the company covers a wide variety of
supply and the company’s three GBUs – Hygiene, Health and                  sector-specific and business issues, as well as legal and financial
Nutrition. The induction programme has several aims and serves             regulatory developments relevant to the company and the
multiple purposes. It provides new Directors with an understanding         Directors. Training is also provided by way of briefing papers
of Reckitt, its businesses and the markets and regulatory                  or presentations at each scheduled Board meeting, as well
environments in which it operates, it provides an overview of the          as meetings with senior executives or other external sources.
responsibilities for Non‑Executive Directors of Reckitt, and it builds     The Directors may, at the company’s expense, take independent
links to Reckitt’s people and stakeholders. Incoming Board members         professional advice and are encouraged to continually update
will also have meetings with the Group’s legal and compliance              their professional skills and knowledge of the business and wider
teams and an open offer to meet with the Group’s External Auditor.         industry. Throughout the year training materials have been made
                                                                           available for Board members to view, including materials relating
Upon appointment, Olivier Bohuon received a comprehensive
                                                                           to Directors’ duties in accordance with section 172 CA 2006.
induction tailored to his appointment as a Non-Executive Director
and member of the Remuneration Committee. This included
meeting with members of key management across the business
and external advisors. He attended virtual meetings, where he had
the opportunity to meet with the CEO, CFO and General Counsel &
Company Secretary. He also met with each of the Presidents of the
three GBUs. His induction further included meetings with members
of the GEC, including the Chief Transformation Officer, Chief
Supply Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief R&D Officer
and Head of Corporate Affairs & Chief Sustainability Officer. Olivier
is a member of the Remuneration Committee and had discussions
with Mary Harris, Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and the
Group Head of Reward.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            125
      Composition, Succession and Evaluation




      BOARD PERFORMANCE REVIEW
      Performance review of the Board                                     recommendations for the Board to consider, was distributed
      The Board undertakes an annual review of its own and its            to Directors and the results of the review were subsequently
      Committees’ performance and effectiveness, with a formal            discussed by the Board at its November meeting.
      externally facilitated performance review of the Board conducted
                                                                          In addition, the Chair’s performance was considered by the Senior
      at least every three-years. Last year we engaged Lintstock Ltd
                                                                          Independent Director with input from his fellow Non-Executive
      (Lintstock) to facilitate a three-year Board Development
                                                                          Directors and discussed following the November Board meeting
      Programme. In the second year of the three-year Board
                                                                          without the Chair present. The discussion concluded that the Chair
      Development Programme with Lintstock a survey-based review
                                                                          continued to devote sufficient time to his role and continued to
      was conducted, consisting of an online questionnaire sent to
                                                                          lead the Board constructively, demonstrating objective judgement,
      all Directors. The 2021 Board performance review considered
                                                                          and encouraging a culture of openness and debate.
      the effectiveness of the Board, as well as that of each Board
      Committee and the individual Directors. The areas of focus were     Lintstock is independent of and has no other links with the
      Board composition, Board dynamics and support, management           company or its Directors’ in connection with the performance
      and focus of meetings, strategic oversight and risk management      review. Actions taken to address the findings of the 2020 review
      and internal control. A report, with action points and              are also outlined below.



      2020 recommendations                                                Action taken during 2021

       Board composition                                                  • The Nomination Committee has met throughout the year to discuss
       • Identify skills and experience gaps and focus on succession        and review profiles of potential new Non-Executive Directors
         planning for key roles                                             taking into consideration feedback from Directors and the skills
                                                                            required on the Board


       Stakeholder oversight                                              • Two Board listening sessions took place during the year, where
       • Broaden the Board’s understanding of and involvement with          Board members heard perspectives on relevant topics from key
         consumers and customers                                            stakeholders, including customers and NGOs
       • Maintain visibility of the company culture                       • The Board reviewed the company’s culture and workforce
                                                                            engagement methods at its September Board meeting


       Board dynamics and support                                         • Analyst reports and other information prevalent to the business
       • Regular Board training and information sessions                    have been shared with Board members
       • Improve the length and structure of Board packs                  • Board packs were more concise with shorter presentations, leaving
                                                                            more time for Board discussion at meetings


       Strategic oversight                                                • In line with our strategy significant time at Board meetings were
       • Focus on M&A, in particular IFCN China and understanding           focused on M&A. The level of information on competitor
         competitor performance                                             performance has also increased


       Succession planning and HR management                              • During the year the Board received presentations from HR on
       • Increase Board oversight of talent management                      people and succession
                                                                          • In April 2021, we were pleased to announce that Filippo Catalano
                                                                            had joined Reckitt as Chief Information & Digitisation Officer


       Risk management and internal controls                              • The Board, supported by the Audit Committee, has reviewed
       • Boards oversight of risk appetite and mitigation could receive     a number of risk management processes during the year
          deeper review




126
Strategic Report                                       Governance                                       Financial Statements




2021 recommendations                                                         Action to be taken in 2022

 Board composition and succession planning                                   • The Board will continue to monitor succession planning, focusing
 • The Board’s composition was rated highly overall. With regards to           on skills gaps and ensuring the Board has the right mix of Directors
   key changes that ought to be made to the Board’s profile over the           with varied expertise and experience
   next three to five years to match Reckitt’s strategic goals, the need
   for further digital expertise was highlighted, as was the importance
   of additional experience in emerging markets and increased UK
   representation on the Board
 • The GEC had been successfully embedded following the transition
   in 2020, and the structure of Reckitt at senior levels was highly rated


 Board dynamics and support                                                  • More face-to-face interactions between the Board and
 • Non-Executive Directors’ engagement with the CEO, CFO and the               management are expected, as COVID-19 restrictions ease
   wider Executive team was rated highly. The importance of face-to-         • Management will continue to provide timely and well-structured
   face engagement post COVID-19 was noted                                     papers, including succinct executive summaries
 • Whilst Board packs were positively rated, the use of summaries
   was identified as an area for improvement


 Strategic oversight                                                         • Filippo Catalano joined Reckitt as Chief Information & Digitisation
 • Clarity of the current strategy, testing and development of strategy        Officer in April 2021 to bring greater focus on the area of digital
   and how the Board has monitored progress of the transformation              and cybersecurity. Further updates would be provided on Reckitt’s
   programme scored highly. The Board’s understanding of key                   digital and cyber capabilities through deep dives conducted
   Reckitt markets and the Board’s understanding of the company’s              in 2022
   brands was also rated positively. It was noted that greater
   oversight was required on Reckitt’s digital and cyber capabilities


 Risk management and internal control                                        • The Board, supported by the Audit Committee, is reviewing risk
 • The Board’s focus on risk was noted as a strength, particularly the         management processes and allocating time at Board meetings
    Board’s oversight of risk appetite and mitigation. There was scope         to conduct deep dives into specific areas of risk
    for more in-depth deep dives into specific areas of risk


 Management and focus of meetings                                            • Increase understanding, monitoring and time spent on talent and
 • Management of meetings was rated highly. It was important to                succession planning, through greater focus at Board meetings
   ensure there was a continued focus on people, including talent
   management and succession


The 2021 review of the Board’s performance and that of its                   All individual Directors were considered to be contributing
Committees concluded that the Board, its Committees and                      effectively. The key priorities for the Board over the coming year
individual Directors were performing effectively. The Board was              will be people and succession planning, developing relationships
observed to have a good mix of skills, sector-relevant experience,           with management and providing effective challenge where
knowledge and diversity and the length of tenure of the Board as             necessary, meeting in person, transformation, managing the
a whole was deemed appropriate. Board members worked well                    Group’s portfolio, and performance. The Board has reviewed the
together to achieve objectives, with a sufficient degree of support          recommendations of the performance review and is taking steps
and challenge provided by Directors. The Board had a good                    to address these. The principal outcomes of the review will
understanding of its stakeholders including its investors, customers,        be reviewed and reassessed as part of the Board’s 2022
consumers, partners and suppliers. The way the Board monitors                performance review.
employee sentiment and culture was also noted as a strength.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               127
                                          NOMINATION
      “We continue to focus on
      succession planning for our




                                          COMMITTEE REPORT
      Non-Executive Directors,
      keeping in mind the
      skills and experience
      required to ensure our
      long-term success.”

                                          Committee priorities for 2022
      Chris Sinclair
                                          • To keep under review the overall skills and experience of the Board, and diversity,
      Chair of the Nomination Committee
                                            equality and inclusion at Board as well as management level
                                          •   Succession planning for Board members, with particular regard that the current Senior
                                              Independent Director was appointed to the Board in 2013
                                          •   Review the tenures of Directors holding leadership roles on the Board

                                          Committee membership
                                          The members of the Committee during the year were:
                                                                      Member from                         Meetings attended

                                                                      Chair and member of the
                                          Chris Sinclair (Chair)                                                              2 of 2
                                                                      Committee for the whole year

                                          Andrew Bonfield             Member for the whole year                               2 of 2


                                          Nicandro Durante            Member for the whole year                               2 of 2


                                          Pam Kirby                   Member for the whole year                               2 of 2


                                          Mary Harris                 Member for the whole year                               2 of 2


                                          Laxman Narasimhan           Member until 1 October 2021                             2 of 2


                                          Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board. Membership is set out in the
                                          Committee’s terms of reference and comprises of the Chair, Senior Independent Director
                                          and the Chairs of each of the Board’s Committees. In accordance with the principles of the
                                          UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code) the Committee is made up of a majority of
                                          independent Non-Executive Directors. The General Counsel & Company Secretary acted as
                                          Secretary to the Committee during the year.

                                          The membership of the Committee is reviewed annually by the Chair as part of the annual
                                          performance review of the Committee. All Directors are required to seek election or
                                          re-election each year at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). Biographical details of the
                                          Directors, including their skills and experience, can be found on pages 108 to 113.

                                          Meetings
                                          Meetings of the Committee are held as needed but are required to take place at least once
                                          a year. In 2021, the Committee held two scheduled meetings which took place virtually due
                                          to COVID-19 travel restrictions and held one additional meeting. Meetings usually take place
                                          ahead of Board meetings and the Chair of the Committee reports formally to the Board on
                                          its proceedings. Attendance at Committee meetings is set out above and in the Board
                                          attendance schedule on page 118 of the Corporate Governance Report.

                                          Role and responsibilities
                                          The role of the Committee is to ensure that there is a formal, rigorous and transparent
                                          procedure for the appointment of new Directors to the Board and to lead the process for
                                          Board appointments. The Nomination Committee has principal responsibility for making
                                          recommendations to the Board on new appointments and the composition of the Board and
                                          its Committees. The Committee also assists the Board in succession planning for top senior
                                          management. The role of the Committee includes, but is not limited to, the following matters:

                                          •   Regularly reviewing the composition (including skills, experience, independence,
                                              knowledge and diversity) of the Board and making recommendations to the Board with




128
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                             Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                    Reckitt, Thane Road,
                                                                                                                                    Nottingham, UK




    regards to any changes deemed necessary, taking into account                  Key activities during 2021
    the length of service of the Board as a whole and the need to                 New Director appointment process
    regularly refresh membership                                                  The process for Board appointments is led by the Nomination
•   Reviewing the composition of each of the Board Committees and                 Committee. The Committee conducts a rigorous search for
    evaluating the performance and effectiveness of each Director                 suitable candidates with the objective of ensuring there is a
                                                                                  diverse talent pool on the Board with a mix of experience and skills
•   Keeping under review the leadership capabilities of the
                                                                                  required to achieve the objectives of the business. The Committee
    company, covering both executive, non-executive and senior
                                                                                  supports diversity in its widest sense and seeks to appoint Board
    management positions, ensuring plans are in place for orderly
                                                                                  members from different backgrounds who will contribute a wealth
    succession, with a view to ensuring the continued ability of
                                                                                  of experience and differing perspectives to the Board.
    the company to compete effectively in the markets in which it
    operates. It is noted that the Committee considers management                 For new Board appointments, the Committee considers the
    succession planning to be so important that it is reviewed by                 following matters:
    the full Board
                                                                                  •   The purpose, values and culture of the business and the
•   Ensuring that all newly appointed Directors undertake an                          company’s strategic priorities
    appropriate induction programme to ensure that they are fully
                                                                                  •   The key skills and experience which may be required on the
    informed about the strategic and commercial issues affecting
                                                                                      Board and its Committees
    the company and the markets in which it operates, as well as
    their duties and responsibilities as a Director of the Board and              •   The importance of diversity including gender, personal
    member of a Board Committee(s)                                                    strengths, and social and ethnic backgrounds

•   Keeping under annual review and continually monitoring potential
    conflicts of interest, and, if appropriate, authorising situational
    conflicts of interest, whilst ensuring the risk of unacceptable
    influence resulting from any conflict of interest is minimised




    STEP 1                        STEP 2                        STEP 3                           STEP 4                        STEP 5
    The Committee reviews         The Committee outlines        The Committee                    Following the conclusion      Once the Board
    the composition of            a role specification          evaluates the potential          of interviews,                has approved the
    the Board and its             and engages an                candidates and considers         the Committee’s               recommendation,
    Committees to                 external consultant to        the shortlist for meetings       recommendation is             the appointment is
    identify which skills,        conduct a search for          and interviews                   submitted to the Board        announced in line
    experiences and               potential candidates                                           for consideration             with FCA’s Listing Rules
    expertise are required                                                                                                     and a formal induction
                                                                                                                               process commences




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                    129
      Nomination Committee Report (Continued)


      Non-Executive Director succession planning                               Going forward, the main priority for the Committee in 2022
      During the year, the Committee conducted a search for new                will be to continue to keep under review succession planning
      Non-Executive Directors to diversify the skills and expertise of the     of all long-standing Board members and key Board roles. The
      Board. In sourcing new Non-Executive Directors, the Committee            Committee recognises that in sourcing new Non-Executive
      considered the tenure of the existing Board members and the              Directors it should consider the skills and expertise that the
      impact on the composition of the Board and its Committees. The           Board requires as highlighted in the Board performance review.
      Committee identified specific desirable skills in the search for new     More information about the Committee performance review can
      Non-Executive Directors including, the need for individuals with         be found on page 132. The Board performance review can be
      financial expertise, experience in HR and reward, and experience         found on pages 126 to 127.
      as UK-based operating leaders within public limited companies.
                                                                               Renewal of existing Directors
      We instructed Egon Zehnder International Ltd to carry out a search       Non-Executive Directors are initially appointed for a three-year
      for new Non-Executive Directors. Upon their recommendation,              term and generally continue to serve one or more further terms.
      we reviewed a list of candidate profiles considering their skills,       All Directors are nominated for appointment by the Committee,
      experience, expertise and overall fit with Reckitt’s culture, and        which is subsequently approved by the Board. During the year,
      the Committee Chair had exploratory meetings with potential              the Committee considered the renewal of existing Non-Executive
      candidates. After shortlisting potential candidates, this was followed   Directors. The Committee recommends that all existing Board
      up by individual meetings with each of the Committee members and         members have their appointments renewed, and as such,
      the CEO. During the recruitment process, the Committee followed          resolutions to this effect will be proposed to shareholders for
      a formal, rigorous and transparent assessment with due regard to         approval at the forthcoming AGM.
      diversity, skills, knowledge and level of experience. All potential
                                                                               Details of the specific reasons each Director contributes to and
      candidates are considered with regard to potential conflicts of
                                                                               continues to be important to Reckitt’s long-term success are set
      interest and consideration of the level of time required for other
                                                                               out in the Notice of AGM, available at www.reckitt.com.
      appointments, in making recommendations to the Board.
                                                                               Group Executive Committee (GEC) changes
      Egon Zehnder International Ltd is an independent executive
                                                                               The GEC changes during the year reflect the Committee’s focus
      search firm which undertakes a number of executive (as well as
                                                                               on succession planning and the alignment of our functional leaders
      non-executive) searches for the Group and is a signatory of the
                                                                               with Reckitt’s strategic priorities and growth opportunities.
      Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms in the
                                                                               While the Committee’s terms of reference include management
      UK to address diversity and best practice relating to Board
                                                                               succession planning, this is considered so important as to be
      appointments. They do not have any connection to or provide
                                                                               reviewed and overseen by the full Board. With the establishment
      any other services to the company or its individual Directors.
                                                                               of Global Business Solutions and our Global Business Units (GBUs),
      We are delighted that Alan Stewart joined the Board as a                 the Committee focused on identifying and sourcing talent for the
      Non-Executive Director and member of the Remuneration                    GEC both internally and externally.
      Committee in February 2022. Alan will become Chair of the
                                                                               Building and maintaining a competitive, leading edge, IT and
      Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination
                                                                               Digital capabilities are key for Reckitt to be successful and agile.
      Committee at the conclusion of the 2022 AGM. Alan brings to the
                                                                               To lead us into this digital era, we appointed Filippo Catalano as
      Board significant corporate finance and accounting experience
                                                                               the Chief Information & Digitisation Officer in April 2021. Filippo
      from a variety of industries including retail, banking and travel, as
                                                                               has extensive leadership experience in defining and shaping the IT,
      well as executive leadership experience within a listed company
                                                                               Digital Portfolios and Technology enabled new business models
      environment. The Committee is confident that with Alan’s
                                                                               across leading consumer goods organisations. Filippo’s experience
      experience, he will be a great contribution to the Board.
                                                                               will contribute towards developing our digital backbone and
      Furthermore, Sara Mathew signalled her intention not to stand for        create innovative technological platforms that will support our
      re-election but to resign from the Board and Audit Committee             business growth.
      upon the conclusion of the company’s 2022 AGM. We would like
                                                                               In March 2021, we announced that Harold van den Broek would
      to take this opportunity to thank Sara for her services since joining
                                                                               be leaving Reckitt at the end of May 2021. We would like to thank
      the company. Taking into consideration the composition of the
                                                                               Harold for his outstanding contribution to the business over the
      Audit Committee, in October 2021, Elane Stock stepped down as
                                                                               course of the last 7 years, most notably for his leadership in driving
      a member of the Remuneration Committee and was appointed as
                                                                               the transformation of the Hygiene GBU during the most
      a member of the Audit Committee. In addition to this, in January
                                                                               challenging of times. We wish him well in his future endeavours.
      2022, we announced that Mary Harris would be stepping down
                                                                               At the same time, we announced that Volker Kuhn, Chief
      as Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the
                                                                               Transformation Officer, would assume the role of President
      Nomination Committee upon the conclusion of the 2022 AGM.
                                                                               Hygiene in May 2021, following a smooth transition of
      Mary will remain on the Remuneration Committee and as the
                                                                               responsibilities from Harold. Volker has made a significant impact
      Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the
                                                                               since joining Reckitt in August 2020, delivering major productivity
      company’s workforce.
                                                                               savings, establishing our new Global Business Solutions unit and
                                                                               identifying further growth opportunities. Volker has a wealth of
                                                                               experience across the fast-moving consumer goods industry
                                                                               which makes him ideally suited for this leadership role.




130
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                    Financial Statements




In June 2021, we announced that Aditya Sehgal, President of               Review of potential conflicts of interest
Nutrition, eRB & Greater China would be leaving Reckitt at the            During the year, the Committee reviewed Board members’
end of October 2021. We would like to thank Aditya for his many           potential conflicts of interest. The Committee reviewed a schedule
contributions to the business and our people over the past                of external appointments and other potential situational conflicts
decades and wish him well for the future. Aditya had an extensive         as disclosed by each Director. Having reviewed the schedule, the
27-year career at Reckitt and positively impacted its people and          Committee concluded that the appointments did not affect any
the business across Hygiene, Health and Nutrition. Following his          Director’s ability to perform his or her duties and recommended
resignation, his portfolio of responsibilities was re-organised within    that the Board authorises each Director to continue in each of his
senior management and the CEO assumed a more direct oversight             or her external commitments. Each Director standing for election
of the Nutrition, e-commerce, and Greater China teams.                    or re-election at the forthcoming AGM of the company has
                                                                          individually provided assurances that they remain committed to
To support the changes within the Nutrition business, Pat Sly,
                                                                          their roles and can dedicate sufficient time to perform their duties.
who joined Reckitt as part of the Mead Johnson Nutrition
acquisition in 2017, was appointed as Chief Operating Officer,            Composition
Nutrition and member of the GEC in July 2021. Pat has more                The Committee regularly evaluates the Board and its
than 20 years of experience in senior leadership roles in general         Committees, and considers the composition, the balance of
management, marketing, and sales across North America, Europe,            skills and experience, diversity and how effectively Directors
Asia Pacific and Latin America. In his role as Chief Operating            work together to achieve Reckitt’s objectives. The Committee
Officer, Nutrition, Pat leads the global Nutrition business which         ensures that plans are in place for orderly succession of the
includes Infant & Child Nutrition (IFCN), Specialty Nutrition, Maternal   Board and senior executive management, overseeing of a diverse
Nutrition and Adult Nutrition. In February 2022, Pat was appointed        pipeline of succession. This ensures that the Board and GEC
as President Nutrition.                                                   benefit from fresh perspectives as well as the experience
                                                                          of longer-serving members.
Further changes to the GEC took place during the year. In
December 2021, we announced that Rupert Bondy, General                    In October 2021, Laxman Narasimhan stepped down as member of
Counsel & Company Secretary would be leaving Reckitt at the               the Nomination Committee given that he is an Executive Director,
end of February 2022. We would like to thank Rupert for his               however he continues to attend Committee meetings to provide
outstanding contribution to the business over the last 5 years.           input as appropriate.
Rupert has had been material in guiding the transition of the Board
                                                                          Diversity and inclusion
Directors and helped the company navigate a number of business
                                                                          The Board and Committee fully recognise the importance of
critical legal and reputational issues. He has overseen the legal and
                                                                          diversity, including gender and ethnicity, at Board and senior
contractual aspects of major acquisitions and disposals such as
                                                                          management level in compliance with the Code. Inclusion is core
sale of IFCN in China. In February 2022, Catheryn (Cathy) O’Rourke
                                                                          to Reckitt’s purpose to ‘Protect, Heal and Nurture in the relentless
joined the company and the GEC as the General Counsel &
                                                                          pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world’ and to our employee value
Company Secretary following Rupert’s resignation. Cathy joins the
                                                                          proposition of Freedom to Succeed – there is no freedom without
GEC with more than 20 years of professional expertise in running
                                                                          inclusion and no success without diversity. We recognise that it
global legal and compliance teams, managing litigation and
                                                                          is critical for us to have a diverse employee population and also
corporate transactions; overseeing financial reporting and
                                                                          a Board and senior management team that is reflective of the
disclosure as well as supporting Board governance.
                                                                          markets we operate in and the consumers we serve.
More information about our current GEC membership can be found
on pages 114 to 116.

Review of Committee terms of reference
The terms of reference for the Committee are reviewed on an
annual basis. During the November Committee meetings, we
reviewed our terms of reference in line with best market practice
guidance, the Code and the model terms of reference for
Nomination Committees issued by the Chartered Governance
Institute. The current terms of reference for the Nomination
Committee are available on our website at www.reckitt.com.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           131
      Nomination Committee Report (Continued)


      We do not have a written Board diversity policy but the                 Our Group diversity policy can be found at www.reckitt.com/
      Committee and the Board are committed to recruit members                sustainability/policies-and-reports. We are committed to equality
      of the Board on the strict criteria of merit, skill, experience and     of opportunity in all areas of employment and business, regardless
      cultural fit of any potential candidates, and to seek diversity of      of personal characteristics. We always recruit the best and most
      gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, cognitive and personal           suitable candidates for any role, and we strive for a well-balanced
      strengths. This commitment is demonstrated through our Board            representation of backgrounds, nationalities, cultures, skills and
      composition which comprises of six nationalities, and five women,       experiences, at all levels across the Group. Ultimate responsibility
      two of whom are Committee Chairs. This includes Mary Harris,            and sponsorship for this policy rests with the GEC. Senior
      who is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Designated           management is accountable, and all Reckitt employees are
      Non-Executive Director for engagement with the company’s                responsible for ensuring that our diversity policies and
      workforce, and Pam Kirby who is Chair of the CRSEC Committee.           programmes are actively implemented and followed.
      I am pleased to report that as at 31 December 2021, 41% of our
                                                                              We continue to put inclusion and diversity at the core of everything
      Board members are women, which exceeds the 25% target set
                                                                              we do. Further details can be found in our stakeholder
      by the Davies Review and we have achieved the 33% target as
                                                                              engagement section from page 50.
      outlined in the Hampton‑Alexander Review. We also meet the
      requirements of the Parker Review published in October 2017.            Performance review
      Our Board consists of three members from ethnic minorities, which       Committee performance review
      exceeds the Parker Review recommendation, Beyond One by ’21,            This year, the Committee participated in the main Board
      which is to have at least one person from an ethnic minority on         performance review conducted by Lintstock Ltd, appointed
      the Board.                                                              to facilitate a three-year Board Development Programme.
                                                                              Respondents in the Committee questionnaire scored the
      Percentage of women Board members                                       Committee highly in key areas, specifically noting the composition
                                                                              of the Board was effective, balanced and diverse. The main area

                                                                   41%
      Reckitt                                                                 of focus relevant to the Committee, identified as a result of the
                                                                              performance review, is to continue to identify additional skills
      Davies Review Target                                                    required for the Board in areas that may be lacking such as digital
                                                                   33%        expertise and experience in emerging markets. Another area of
      Hampton‑Alexander Review Target
                                                                   25%        focus is to ensure succession planning remains a high priority for
                                                                              key Board roles over a longer-term horizon and improving the
      Our GEC, comprising of the most senior management level in the          Board’s oversight of the company’s processes for managing and
      business, represents 7 different nationalities from across the globe,   developing talent. The Board performance review is discussed in
      embodying our corporate inclusion and diversity policy. Our GEC         further detail on pages 126 to 127. Lintstock is independent of and
      also consists of three members from ethnic minority backgrounds.        has no other links with the company or its Directors in connection
      The company’s wider global leadership community holds over              with the performance review.
      49 nationalities between them, representing a broad background
      of collective skills, cultures and experience. This widens our
      understanding of our consumers, who themselves come from
      the broadest possible backgrounds, allowing us to be best
      placed in serving their needs. As at 31 December 2021, female
      representation within the GEC (and their direct reports) was 26%.
      Whilst progress has been made, we are cognisant of the gap in
      performance towards the 33% for female leadership within the
      GEC and their direct reports as detailed in the Hampton-Alexander
      Review (and in provision 23 of the Code) and we are working to
      improve gender balance at all management levels. We recognise
      that female representation at our most senior levels needs
      improvement and the Committee continues to make a
      commitment to increase female representation at this level. We
      were delighted that in February 2022, Cathy O’Rourke joined the
      company and the GEC as General Counsel & Company Secretary.
      As at 31 December 2021, female employees accounted for 44%
      of our global workforce.




132
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                 Financial Statements




AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                                               “The Committee plays a
                                                                                               key role in the governance




REPORT
                                                                                               of the Group’s financial
                                                                                               reporting, risk management,
                                                                                               internal controls, and the
                                                                                               external audit. Maintaining
                                                                                               robust internal controls
                                                                                               remained a key focus for
                                                                                               the Committee, particularly
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the                                            in light of the impact
Audit Committee Report for the financial year ended                                            of COVID-19.”
31 December 2021.
                                                                                               Andrew Bonfield
This report details how the Committee has discharged its role, duties and performance
                                                                                               Chair of the Audit Committee
during the year under review in relation to internal control, financial and other reporting,
risk management, the internal audit function, and our relationship and interaction with
the External Auditor.

Committee priorities for 2022
• Maintaining oversight and providing reassurance to the Board on Reckitt’s risk
  management and internal control procedures, including monitoring key areas in
  the context of risk and control, such as IT, tax, and legal and compliance
•   Sustaining a strong culture of risk management across the Group
•   Taking a proactive approach in preparing for legislative and regulatory changes which
    may be required to internal controls and reporting, arising from the Department for
    Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) consultation
•   Continuing to holistically monitor legislative and regulatory changes which may affect
    the work of the Committee




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                       133
      Audit Committee Report (Continued)


      Committee membership

                                                                                                 Recent and relevant financial           Sectoral experience relevant
      Composition                     Member from            Meetings attended1                  experience                              to Reckitt’s operations

      Andrew Bonfield (Chair) 2       July 2018                                       5 of 6     • Financial expert                      • Consumer goods
                                                                                                 • Chartered Accountant                  • Pharmaceuticals/healthcare
                                                                                                 • Currently CFO of a global US
                                                                                                   Fortune 100 company
                                                                                                 • Has held numerous CFO roles
                                                                                                   at other large companies,
                                                                                                   including those in the
                                                                                                   consumer goods sector

      Pam Kirby3                      March 2016                                      5 of 6     • Sits on another FTSE 100              • Pharmaceuticals/healthcare
                                                                                                   company’s Audit Committee             • Technology

      Sara Mathew                     July 2019                                       6 of 6     • Financial expert                      • Consumer goods
                                                                                                 • Holds Master’s degrees in             • Pharmaceuticals/healthcare
                                                                                                   Finance and Accounting
                                                                                                 • Has held senior finance
                                                                                                   roles and CFO roles at other
                                                                                                   large companies

      Margherita Della Valle 4        July 2020                                       5 of 6     • Financial expert                      • Consumer goods
                                                                                                 • Currently CFO of a                    • Technology
                                                                                                   FTSE 100 company
                                                                                                 • Holds a Master’s degree
                                                                                                   in Economics
                                                                                                 • Has held senior finance
                                                                                                   roles and CFO roles at other
                                                                                                   large companies

      Elane Stock5                    25 October 2021                                 1 of 1     • Holds Master’s degrees                • Consumer goods
                                                                                                   in Finance                            • Emerging markets

      1.   There were six (four scheduled and two additional) Committee meetings (five of which were held by videoconference owing to COVID-19) during the year

      2.   Andrew was unable to attend one meeting owing to a prior commitment

      3.   Pam was unable to attend one meeting due to a scheduling conflict with the CRSEC Committee, of which she is Chair

      4.   Margherita was unable to attend one meeting owing to a prior commitment

      5.   Elane was eligible to attend one of the scheduled meetings during the year, having been appointed on 25 October 2021

      The Chair of the Committee is a Chartered Accountant with recent                           Committee appointments are generally made for a three-year
      and relevant financial experience. He is currently Chief Financial                         period. Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board on
      Officer of Caterpillar Inc. and has previously held CFO roles for                          the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, which reviews
      other large companies.                                                                     membership in terms of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity
                                                                                                 of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, and cognitive and
      All Committee members are independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                 personal strengths. On joining the Committee and during their
      who have financial, economics and/or business management
                                                                                                 tenure, members receive additional training tailored to their
      expertise in large companies. As Chair of the CRSEC Committee
                                                                                                 individual requirements. Such training includes meetings with
      Pam Kirby’s membership of the Audit Committee ensures that
                                                                                                 management covering internal audit, risk management, legal,
      relevant issues, such as risk, whistle-blowing and compliance are
                                                                                                 tax, treasury and financial matters, as well as meetings with
      shared and coordinated between the two Committees.
                                                                                                 the External Auditor.
      Committee members are expected in particular to have an
      understanding of:                                                                          All members of the Committee receive regular briefings from
                                                                                                 management on matters covering governance and legislative
      •    The Group’s operations, policies and internal control environment
                                                                                                 developments, accounting policies and practices, and tax
      •    The principles of, and recent developments in, financial reporting                    and treasury.
      •    Relevant legislation, regulatory requirements and ethical codes
                                                                                                 During the year, the Head of Group Secretariat acted as Secretary
           of practice
                                                                                                 to the Committee.
      •    The role of internal and external auditing and risk management
                                                                                                 Meetings
      The Board is satisfied that, in compliance with the UK Corporate                           During 2021, the Committee held six meetings at times aligned to
      Governance Code 2018 (the Code), Committee members as a                                    the company’s reporting cycle. Of the six meetings held during the
      whole have competence relevant to the company’s sector                                     year, five were held via videoconference, as permitted by the
      (consumer goods). The relevant financial and sectoral experience                           company’s Articles of Association and the Committee’s terms of
      of each Committee member is summarised in the table above.                                 reference, owing to COVID-19-related restrictions. Committee
                                                                                                 meetings usually take place ahead of Board meetings and the



134
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                    Financial Statements




Committee Chair provides an update to the Board on the key             •   Review of the 2021 half-year results announcement, including
issues discussed at each meeting. Committee papers are provided            the going concern basis of preparation, and recommendation
to all Directors in advance of each meeting, including a copy of the       for approval by the Board
minutes of the previous meeting(s).                                    •   KPMG’s half-year review report findings to 30 June 2021 and
Meetings are attended by senior representatives of the External            management representation letter
Auditor, and by the Group Head of Internal Audit, Chief Financial      •   KPMG’s assessment of its objectivity and independence
Officer (CFO) and SVP Corporate Controller. The Chair of the           •   KPMG’s strategy for the 2021 audit
Board and the Chief Executive Officer are also invited to attend.
                                                                       •   KPMG’s interim IT control findings relating to the 2021 audit
Other management attend when deemed appropriate by the
                                                                           cycle and audit strategy update
Committee. Time is allocated at the end of each meeting for
private discussion with the internal audit team and the External       •   Work undertaken in respect of the 2020 internal audit plan and
Auditors without other invitees being present, as well as a private        monitoring of the 2021 internal audit plan
session of the Committee members. Committee member meeting             •   Annual review of IT general controls, cyber security and
attendance during the year is set out in the table on page 134.            IT operations

Role and responsibilities                                              •   Internal controls, maturity assessment and controls
The Committee is part of the Group’s governance framework and              transformation roadmap
supports the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in     •   Review of the company’s ‘finance for the future’ transformation
ensuring the integrity of the Group’s financial reporting, internal    •   Review of the Committee’s 2022 standing agenda and terms
controls and overall risk management process, and relationship with        of reference
the company’s External Auditor. There were no significant changes
                                                                       •   Results of the performance reviews of the Committee,
to the Committee’s role and responsibilities during the year. The
                                                                           the internal audit function and external audit
Committee’s role and responsibilities are set out in its terms of
reference, which are available on our website at www.reckitt.com.      •   Annual tax function deep dive
                                                                       •   Annual review and approval of Group Treasury policies
Committee meetings cover matters set out in its terms of
reference related to the reporting and audit cycle, including:         Significant and key financial reporting matters
half- and full-year results; internal and external audit work plans    The key matters reviewed and evaluated by the Committee during
and reports; and regular updates from financial management and         the year were as follows.
the External Auditor.
                                                                       Accounting and financial reporting
Activity during the year                                               The Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the
Standing agenda items reviewed by the Committee throughout             appropriateness of the interim and annual Financial Statements
the year                                                               and related announcements, including:
• Received reports from the SVP Corporate Controller, internal
                                                                       •   Recommending that, in the Committee’s view, the Financial
   audit function and External Auditor
                                                                           Statements are fair, balanced and understandable. In addition
•   Considered tax and treasury matters, including provisioning            to the detailed preparation and verification procedures in
    for uncertain tax positions and compliance with statutory              place for the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements,
    reporting obligations                                                  management continued its focus on narrative reporting
•   Considered legal matters, including provisioning and                   and clear written and visual messaging to communicate the
    compliance risk                                                        Group’s strategy
•   Kept abreast of changes in financial reporting and governance      •   Reviewing the appropriateness of the accounting policies,
    matters by way of technical updates throughout the year                judgements and estimates used as set out on page 210,
•   Annual review of risk management and internal controls                 and concluding that the judgements and assumptions used
    including in-depth review of risks across Group functions, and         are reasonable
    of integrated risk management framework                            •   Reviewing the Group’s policy relating to, and disclosure of,
•   Monitored the Group’s risk assessment processes                        Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)

Other items considered by the Committee at meetings during             Areas of significant financial judgement
the year                                                               The significant financial judgements in relation to the 2021 Group
• Review of the 2020 preliminary results announcement, draft           Financial Statements considered by the Committee, together with
   unaudited Financial Statements and recommendation for               a summary of the actions taken, were as follows:
   approval by the Board                                               Recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets
•   Review of the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts, the going           Under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), goodwill
    concern basis of preparation and Viability Statement, including    and indefinite-life assets must be tested for impairment on at least
    whether the Committee could recommend that the Board               an annual basis. Impairment testing is inherently judgemental and
    approve the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts                        requires management to make multiple estimates, for example
•   KPMG’s 2020 audit findings report, observations on Reckitt’s       around future price and volume growth, future margins, terminal
    internal controls for the 2020 financial year, management          growth rates and discount rates. The Group’s impairment testing
    representation letter and report on the 2020 Annual Report         utilised cash flow projections included within one-year budgets
    and Accounts                                                       and three- to five-year strategic plans. Cash flows beyond the
                                                                       five-year period were projected using terminal growth rates.
•   KPMG’s final non-audit fees for 2020 and approval of KPMG’s
    2021 audit fees



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                       135
      Audit Committee Report (Continued)


      At 31 December 2021 management determined that the Group’s                and at the year end, in relation to the HS issue. The Committee
      goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets remained                  challenged management on legal judgements made in
      recoverable and no impairment charges were required                       determining the level of provisions recognised and was satisfied
      (2020: impairment charge of £985 million).                                with the level of provisioning and associated disclosure.

      The cash-generating unit for which headroom is most limited,              Acquisition of Biofreeze
      other than Biofreeze which was acquired and recorded at fair              The purchase price allocation exercise following the acquisition of
      value during the year, is Infant Formula and Child Nutrition (IFCN).      Biofreeze involved significant judgement to determine the split of
      Accordingly, management has included disclosures in the                   the purchase price between brand intangible assets and goodwill.
      Financial Statements in relation to its IFCN impairment assessment,       Management engaged external valuation experts to support
      the key estimates underpinning the IFCN recoverable amount                the allocation exercise. The Committee reviewed the work
      and the sensitivity of the IFCN recoverable amount to reasonable          performed by management and the external experts, challenged
      changes in key assumptions. The Committee has reviewed                    the judgements underpinning the valuation, and considers the
      these disclosures, included within Note 1, and considers                  allocation of the purchase price between intangible assets and
      them appropriate.                                                         goodwill to be appropriate.

      Tax provisioning                                                          Other key financial reporting matters
      From time to time, the Group may be involved in disputes                  Other key matters reviewed and evaluated in relation to the
      in relation to ongoing tax matters in a number of jurisdictions           2021 Group Financial Statements considered by the Committee,
      around the world where the approach of the local authorities is           together with a summary of the actions taken, were as follows.
      particularly difficult to predict. The level of provisioning for these
                                                                                Loss in relation to the Nutrition strategic review
      investigations is an area where management and tax judgement
                                                                                The determination of the loss on disposal of IFCN China following
      are important. The Committee debated the key judgements made
                                                                                the strategic review involved judgement to allocate intangible
      with management, including relevant professional advice that may
                                                                                assets, including the IFCN brands and goodwill that arose on
      have been received in each case, and considers the level of tax
                                                                                the acquisition of Mead Johnson Nutrition, to the disposal group.
      provisions recognised and the associated disclosures to be
                                                                                The calculation of the loss on disposal was reviewed during the
      appropriate.
                                                                                year by the Committee to assess the calculation, particularly in the
      Trade spend accruals                                                      context of the allocation of intangible assets. The Committee also
      Trade spend remains a significant cost for the Group, and the main        reviewed the disclosure of the net assets disposed and the loss
      judgements relate to trade accruals, specifically the timing of           on disposal, and was satisfied that the loss was calculated and
      recognition and the amount of accruals for trade spend. In 2021,          disclosed appropriately.
      the Committee reviewed the accuracy and utilisation of trade
                                                                                Going concern and Viability Statement
      spend accruals recorded in the 31 December 2020 financial
                                                                                A viability review was undertaken by management,
      statements, given the increased uncertainty and judgement
                                                                                encompassing its going concern review. The Committee reviewed
      in estimation of these accruals due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                and challenged the key assumptions used by management in its
      The Committee focused on the level of trade spend accruals
                                                                                viability review and going concern assessment, as well as the
      at the year end to ensure they are sufficient and appropriate.
                                                                                scenarios applied and risks considered. Based on its review, the
      Legal liability provisioning                                              Committee considers that the application of the going concern
      At 31 December 2021, a provision of £180 million (2020: £232              basis for the preparation of the Financial Statements was
      million) was held on the Group’s Balance Sheet in relation to             appropriate and confirmed the suitability of the Viability Statement
      regulatory, civil and criminal investigations as well as litigation       covering a five-year period, as set out on page 103. The use of a
      proceedings, including a provision in respect of the South Korea          five year period for the viability review was approved by the Board
      Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue. The Committee has reviewed the           in 2021 as it is the period of the Group’s long-term forecasting
      status of potential legal and constructive liabilities during the year,   process and covers the various business cycles.




                                                                                                                              Boardroom, Global
                                                                                                                              Headquarters,
                                                                                                                              Turner House,
                                                                                                                              Slough, UK




136
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                    Financial Statements




Fair, balanced and understandable                                        In monitoring the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of
The Committee reviewed the 2021 Annual Report and Financial              risk management and internal controls, the Committee reviewed
Statements to ensure that it is fair, balanced and understandable        compliance procedures and Reckitt’s overall risk framework
and provides sufficient information to enable shareholders               (including the Group’s whistle-blowing arrangements) and
to assess the Group’s position, performance, business model              considered financial, operational risk and internal control processes
and strategy.                                                            at Group, Global Business Unit (GBU), corporate and functional
                                                                         levels. Following a routine second line of defence review, an
The Annual Report project team was primarily comprised of
                                                                         investigation was commissioned by management to assess
individuals in Reckitt’s company secretarial, finance, investor
                                                                         evidence supporting the creation, utilisation and release of certain
relations, internal audit, reward, corporate communications and
                                                                         operational expenditure and trade investment accruals within the
sustainability teams. Individuals from those teams with sufficient
                                                                         Hygiene GBU. Although the investigation did not identify any
knowledge and experience undertook the drafting of the relevant
                                                                         material misstatement in relation to the years ended 2020 and
sections of this Annual Report. The overall governance and
                                                                         2021, certain remediation actions are being undertaken by
coordination of the Annual Report was managed by an Annual
                                                                         management to improve the control processes regarding accruals
Report Project Manager, in conjunction with the corporate
                                                                         and provisions.
communications team. The project team held regular meetings in
person and via telephone or videoconference and accountability           There were no significant failings or weaknesses during the year
was ensured by obtaining internal sign-off from key stakeholders         meriting disclosure in this report. Reckitt’s ongoing controls
in the project team for the section(s) they were responsible for.        transformation program in preparation for internal controls
Each section was drafted in accordance with an agreed standard           changes arising from the BEIS consultation, together with the
operating procedure, ensuring that facts, figures and statements         above mentioned investigation, has identified certain control
contained within the Annual Report were verified. The Committee          improvement opportunities that management is currently
determined that the preparation and verification processes               undertaking. The Committee reported to the Board in February
were robust.                                                             2022 that it considers the internal control framework to be
                                                                         functioning appropriately, to enable the Board to meet its
The Directors, individually and collectively, were provided
                                                                         obligations under section 4 of the Code, to maintain sound risk
with drafts of the Annual Report at key stages. The Disclosure
                                                                         management and internal control systems, and to report to
Committee met three times to ensure sufficient oversight of the
                                                                         shareholders on these in the Annual Report (see page 120). The
preparation and verification processes and to review drafts ahead
                                                                         Committee also reviewed the ‘three lines of defence’ framework
of these being reviewed by the Board.
                                                                         and the Group’s principal and emerging risks.
The Committee reviewed the form, content and consistency of
                                                                         Reckitt’s finance function, headed by the CFO, has implemented
narrative within the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements,
                                                                         policies, processes and controls to enable the company to review
the disclosures contained in the Financial Statements and the
                                                                         and fully comply with changes in accounting standards and relevant
underlying processes and controls, which were confirmed as
                                                                         financial regulations. These policies, processes and controls are
appropriate. The Committee also reviewed KPMG’s audit findings
                                                                         kept under review on an ongoing basis to ensure both internal and
report, draft audit opinion and draft management representation
                                                                         external developments are reviewed and responded to.
letter. Following the Committee’s review, the Committee was
satisfied that the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements,          The basis for the preparation of the Group Financial Statements is
taken as a whole, met its objectives and accordingly we                  set out on page 210 under Accounting policies.
recommended to the Board that the 2021 Annual Report and
                                                                         The company’s External Auditor’s report, setting out its work and
Financial Statements be approved and we supported the Board
                                                                         reporting responsibilities, can be found on pages 193 to 204. The
in making its statement on page 192.
                                                                         terms, areas of responsibility and scope of the External Auditor’s
Financial Reporting Council correspondence                               work are agreed by the Committee and set out in the External
During 2021, the company received two letters from the Financial         Auditor’s engagement letter.
Reporting Council (FRC) in relation to its thematic review of
                                                                         More information on the Group’s principal and emerging risks and
APMs contained in the company’s 2020 Annual Report and Financial
                                                                         strategy for growth and achieving targeted goals is detailed in
Statements. The first letter outlined that certain areas of the
                                                                         the Strategic Report, which can be found on pages 88 to 102.
disclosure on APMs were an example of better practice. The second
letter provided suggestions to improve the current APM disclosures,      The Viability Statement can be found on page 103.
which have been incorporated into this Annual Report. The FRC
                                                                         The Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities on page 192 details
did not raise any formal comments which required a response
                                                                         the going concern statement as required by the Listing Rules
from the company. The nature of the FRC review is that it provides
                                                                         and the Code and the Directors’ responsibility for the Financial
no assurance that the annual report and accounts are correct in
                                                                         Statements, for disclosing relevant audit information to the External
all material respects. The FRC’s role is not to verify the information
                                                                         Auditor and for ensuring that the Annual Report is fair, balanced
but is to consider compliance with reporting requirements.
                                                                         and understandable.
Risk management
                                                                         Internal controls
The Committee supports the Board in fulfilling its oversight
                                                                         Internal control processes are implemented through clearly
responsibilities in ensuring the integrity of the Group’s financial
                                                                         defined roles and responsibilities, supported by clear policies and
reporting (including the Annual Report and Financial Statements),
                                                                         procedures, delegated to the Group Executive Committee (GEC)
internal controls and overall risk management process, and the
                                                                         and senior management. A new Group Head of Audit was
relationship with the External Auditor. The Committee makes
                                                                         appointed on 1 September 2021 with objectives that are designed
recommendations to the Board in relation to approval of the
                                                                         to develop the function in line with the strategy of the Business.
Annual Report and Financial Statements.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          137
      Audit Committee Report (Continued)


      Reckitt operates a ‘three lines of defence’ model in monitoring        CFO for administrative matters and updates the Committee at each
      internal control systems and managing risk.                            meeting. The internal audit function is responsible for impartially
                                                                             assessing the key risks of the organisation and appraising and
      1. Management in the first line ensures that controls, policies and
                                                                             reporting on the adequacy and effectiveness of Reckitt’s risk
         procedures are followed in dealing with risks in day-to-day
                                                                             management and internal controls in financial, information systems
         activities. Such risks are mitigated at source with controls
                                                                             and other business and operational areas in order to develop and
         embedded into relevant systems and processes. Supervisory
                                                                             improve the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management control
         controls, either at management level or through delegation,
                                                                             and governance processes and strategies. The independence of
         ensure appropriate checks and verifications take place, with
                                                                             the Group Head of Internal Audit and the internal audit function is
         any failures dealt with promptly. Throughout Reckitt, a key
                                                                             considered as part of the annual internal audit effectiveness review.
         responsibility for any line manager is to ensure the achievement
                                                                             Further details can be found on page 140.
         of business objectives with appropriate risk management and
         internal control systems.                                           The internal audit plan is prepared on a half yearly basis under
                                                                             an agreed rotation and scope policy and reflects a risk-based
      2. Each function and GBU has its own management which acts
                                                                             approach. Audit locations are selected based on a number of
         as a second line of oversight. This second line sets the local
                                                                             factors including the risks related to the business as well as
         level policies and procedures, specific to its own business
                                                                             the period since the last audit. Information systems, change
         environment, subject to Group policy and authorisation.
                                                                             programmes and activities of Group functions also fall within
         It further acts in an oversight capacity over the implementation
                                                                             internal audit’s remit and are subject to audit. Following each audit,
         of controls in the first line. The financial performance of
                                                                             findings are reviewed and reported to management and to the
         each function and GBU is monitored against pre-approved
                                                                             Committee, together with recommendations and updates.
         budgets and forecasts ultimately overseen by the executive
                                                                             Resulting management actions are tracked until they are
         management and the Board. As part of the second line, the
                                                                             satisfactorily closed.
         Corporate Control team identifies financial risks and mitigates
         these with appropriate internal controls, as well as establishing   Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the internal audit approach
         the minimum expected financial control requirements. The            and plan for 2021 continued through a series of ‘operational
         effectiveness of the global financial control framework is          resilience reviews’, focusing on priority areas of the business.
         reviewed annually. Further, the Group’s compliance controls         In 2021 routine internal audit work delivered audits which
         include the operation of an independent and anonymous               covered 31% (by net revenue) of Reckitt’s global commercial
         ‘Speak Up’ whistle-blowing hotline, annual management               business and 39% (by industrial sales) of global manufacturing
         reviews and the provision of training specific to individual        facilities. Audits that identified significant weaknesses in the
         needs within the business.                                          control environment normally receive a follow-up audit within
                                                                             six to 18 months as appropriate.
      3. The third line of defence is provided by the internal audit
         team which provides independent and objective assurance             External Auditor
         to the Committee and management on the adequacy and                 The Committee is responsible for maintaining the relationship
         effectiveness of risk management systems and internal controls      with the External Auditor on behalf of the Board. The company’s
         operated by the first and second lines of defence. Internal         External Auditor is KPMG LLP (KPMG). Following a competitive
         Audit also facilitates the integrated risk management process.      tender undertaken in 2017, KPMG was formally appointed as the
                                                                             Group’s External Auditor by shareholders in 2018. There are no
      Reckitt’s internal control framework provides assurance that
                                                                             current plans to commence an external audit tender. The company
      business objectives are achieved, that business is conducted in an
                                                                             will be required to conduct its next external audit tender no later
      orderly manner and in compliance with local laws, that records are
                                                                             than 2027. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the company
      accurate, reliable and free from material misstatement, and that
                                                                             has complied with the Competition and Markets Authority Order:
      risks are understood and managed.
                                                                             The Statutory Services for Large Companies Market Investigation
      The corporate control team is accountable for managing global          (Mandatory use of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit
      control policies and frameworks and for monitoring the                 Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014.
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control environment. Local
                                                                             The Committee considers and makes a recommendation to the
      markets conduct an annual controls self-assessment comprising of
                                                                             Board in relation to the appointment, reappointment and removal
      over 150 system-agnostic controls across key financial processes.
                                                                             of the External Auditor, taking into account independence,
      Corporate control is responsible for reporting and monitoring
                                                                             effectiveness, lead audit partner rotation and any other relevant
      of controls at local, GBU and global levels, working with markets
                                                                             factors, and oversees the tendering of the external audit contract.
      to improve risk and controls capability and to support the
                                                                             The Committee approves the External Auditor’s terms of
      development of remediation plans and corrective actions for
                                                                             engagement and remuneration and reviews the strategy and
      control weaknesses. The Committee receives a report at each
                                                                             scope of the audit and the work plan. The Committee also
      meeting summarising any notable controls activity since the
                                                                             monitors the rotation of the lead audit partner every five years in
      previous meeting.
                                                                             accordance with the FRC’s Ethical Standard. The current lead audit
      Internal audit                                                         partner, Richard Broadbelt, has completed his fourth year as lead
      The Committee is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the          audit partner. A new lead audit partner, Andrew Bradshaw, will
      effectiveness of the internal audit function. The Group Head of        begin in 2022 following a transition period with Richard Broadbelt
      Internal Audit reports to the Chair of the Committee and to the        in the 2021 audit cycle, before leading the audit for the year ended
                                                                             31 December 2022.




138
Strategic Report                                       Governance                                Financial Statements




During the year, KPMG’s reports to the Committee included the           The Group has a policy that restricts the recruitment or
following matters:                                                      secondment of individuals employed by the External Auditor into
                                                                        positions that provide financial reporting oversight where they
•   Audit strategy, materiality and scope (and regular updates)
                                                                        could exercise influence over the financial or regulatory statements
•   Audit findings and half-year review findings (and any updates)      of the Group or the level of audit and non-audit fees.
    including identification of any significant risks to the audit
    and other key accounting and reporting matters                      The External Auditor is a key stakeholder in helping the
                                                                        Committee fulfil its oversight role for the Board. In the opinion of
•   Report on audit findings in relation to the IFCN
                                                                        the Committee, the relationship with the External Auditor works
    impairment assessment
                                                                        well; the Committee remains satisfied with the External Auditor’s
•   Review of going concern and the Viability Statement                 independence and effectiveness and believes KPMG is best
•   Draft audit opinion                                                 placed to conduct the company’s audit for the 2022 financial year.
•   Draft management representation letters                             KPMG has expressed a willingness to continue as External Auditor
                                                                        of the company. Following a recommendation by the Committee,
•   Draft engagement letter
                                                                        the Board concluded, on the Committee’s recommendation, that
•   Review of KPMG’s 2021 Audit Quality Inspection Report issued        it was in the best interests of shareholders to appoint KPMG as
    by the FRC                                                          the company’s External Auditor for the financial year ending
•   Analysis of non-audit services provided                             31 December 2022. In accordance with section 489 of the
•   IT and other control findings                                       Companies Act 2006, resolutions to propose the reappointment
                                                                        of KPMG as the company’s External Auditor and to authorise the
Besides the annual evaluation of the External Auditor, the              Committee to fix its remuneration will be put to shareholders
Committee continually reviews the External Auditor’s effectiveness      at the AGM on 20 May 2022.
through means such as the monitoring of its progress against the
agreed audit plan and scope. KPMG reports to the Committee              KPMG had no connection with any Directors during the
annually with an audit quality scorecard, providing a holistic view     financial year.
of, and their investment in, audit quality and how they measure         Governance
their audit quality progress.                                           Committee performance review
The Committee reviews the nature and level of non-audit services        This year, a performance review of the Committee was conducted
undertaken by the External Auditor during the year to satisfy itself    as part of the Board’s external performance review, conducted by
that there is no impact on its independence. The Committee is           Lintstock Ltd. Lintstock Ltd is independent of and has no
required to approve all non-audit services. The Board recognises        connections to the company.
that in certain circumstances the nature of the service required        The performance review of the Committee utilised a bespoke
may make it more timely and cost-effective to appoint an auditor        questionnaire, sent to Committee members. Matters evaluated
that already has a good understanding of Reckitt. The total fees        by Committee members included time management and
paid to KPMG for the year ended 31 December 2021 were £16.5             composition, Committee processes and support, and the work
million, of which £0.6 million related to non-audit and audit-related   of the Committee and its priorities for change. All areas received
work (to which KPMG was appointed principally for the above             ‘good’ or ‘excellent’ scores overall, with particularly positive
reasons). The Group’s internal policy on non-audit fees (effective      feedback given on the Committee’s composition, the
1 January 2017) states that, on an annual basis, non-audit fees         management of Committee meetings, Committee processes and
should not exceed 50% of the Group’s external audit and audit-          support, the Committee’s assessment of the work of the internal
related fees for the year. The Board confirms that, for the year        audit function; and its relationships with the Group Head of Internal
ended 31 December 2021, non-audit and audit-related fees were           Audit and the CFO. It was noted that a greater focus on risk
3.8% of the audit fees. Details of services provided by the External    appetite and structured deep dives including KPIs tracking and
Auditor are set out in Note 4 on page 218.                              external benchmarking would be helpful in the coming year. It was
Reckitt has a formal policy in place to safeguard the External          also noted that there would be value in GBU CFOs attending the
Auditor’s independence. In addition, as part of its audit strategy      Committee meetings periodically.
presentation to the Committee in May 2021, KPMG identified its          The Board, having had sight of the results of the Committee’s
own safeguards in place to protect its independence and                 performance review, considers the Committee to be
confirmed its independence in February 2022 to the Committee.           operating effectively.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         139
      Audit Committee Report (Continued)


      Internal audit evaluation                                                 External audit evaluation
      The annual internal audit effectiveness review was conducted              The annual evaluation of the External Auditor was carried out
      in two parts. An internal audit and risk management survey was            in May 2021. The assessment of the External Auditor was
      circulated to internal stakeholders including Committee members,          conducted using a survey circulated to the Board, Group Executive
      the GEC and GBU, functional and regional leadership teams. The            Committee, GBU, finance and other functional leadership, and
      Internal Audit team also performed a peer review for audits               local finance management. The sample size of respondents was
      completed during the year to request feedback.                            increased to include markets and entities not in Group scope but
                                                                                in statutory scope, to ensure coverage globally of a significant
      The evaluation of the internal audit function covered the following
                                                                                number of entities. The survey covered the four competency
      areas: risk management – objectives, skills and experience,
                                                                                areas in the FRC’s Guidance on Audit Quality, Practice aid for Audit
      process and key opportunities; and internal audit – skills and
                                                                                Committees (published in December 2019) (Guidance): judgement;
      experience, quality, audit scope, audit cost, audit communication,
                                                                                quality control; skills and knowledge; and mindset and culture.
      independence, change catalyst and key opportunities. The
      effectiveness review reported strong, positive feedback which             The Committee reviewed the results of the FRC’s Audit Quality
      demonstrated that the internal audit function was trusted and             Review of KPMG’s audit of the financial statements of Reckitt
      respected. Key highlights are that the internal audit function: has       Benckiser Group plc for the year ended 31 December 2020 at its
      a broad range of skills and expertise; provides clear, concise and        meeting in November 2021. The scope of the review included the
      consistent audit reports with opportunities to share learnings            audit of significant risk areas, oversight of the work of component
      and good practices across the business; and has opportunities             auditors and communications with the Committee. No areas for
      to continue to deepen business understanding and awareness.               improvement were noted in the report and three areas of good
      It is also noted that the integrated risk management framework            practice were highlighted, including the audit of the IFCN
      is driving a better understanding of risk, with an opportunity for        impairment assessment, the audit team’s oversight and involvement
      internal audit function to use this ‘risk intelligence’ to move towards   with component auditors and the involvement of the Engagement
      a risk-based approach and broader range of strategic and                  Quality Control Reviewer. The Committee was satisfied with the
      operational audits.                                                       outcome which was rated ‘good’, being the highest potential rating
                                                                                awarded by the FRC, with no key findings noted.
      The independence of the Group Head of Internal Audit and the
      internal audit function was confirmed.                                    Overall the Committee is satisfied with the effectiveness,
                                                                                expertise, quality, review, and in particular, professional scepticism
      The Committee considered the effectiveness review and the
                                                                                and challenge from the External Auditor and believes that KPMG
      work carried out by the internal audit function as reported at
                                                                                remains best placed to conduct a high-quality audit of the Group
      every Committee meeting and concluded that it is an effective
                                                                                for the 2022 financial year.
      operation, and the Committee remains satisfied that the
      resourcing, quality, experience and expertise of the function             Andrew Bonfield
      is appropriate for the company.                                           Chair of the Audit Committee
                                                                                Reckitt Benckiser Group plc

                                                                                13 April 2022




140
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                 Financial Statements




CORPORATE
                                                                                               “Our dedication to good
                                                                                               governance ensures that




RESPONSIBILITY,
                                                                                               our leaders operate with
                                                                                               integrity and compassion.
                                                                                               An ethical business is




SUSTAINABILITY,
                                                                                               a strong and resilient
                                                                                               business, which is evident
                                                                                               in our results.”



ETHICS AND                                                                                     Pam Kirby
                                                                                               Chair of the Corporate




COMPLIANCE
                                                                                               Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics
                                                                                               and Compliance Committee




COMMITTEE REPORT
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the
Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and
Compliance (CRSEC) Committee Report for the
financial year ended 31 December 2021.
This report details how the Committee has discharged its role and responsibilities during
the year under review in relation to monitoring and assessing the company’s approach to
responsible, sustainable, ethical, and compliant corporate conduct in accordance with the
company’s Purpose, Compass, culture and values, the Group’s purpose-led strategy and
societal responsibility.

Committee priorities for 2022
• Oversee and make recommendations to the executives and the Board for actions to
  be taken in respect of the Group’s corporate responsibility and sustainability, ethics
  and compliance strategies, policies, programmes and activities
•   Take a proactive approach in anticipating and preparing for legislative or regulatory
    changes and reviewing processes to ensure compliance
•   Review our sustainability objectives and chart progress against our targets, including
    overseeing the Group’s conduct with regard to its corporate and societal obligations
    as a responsible global citizen on behalf of all its stakeholders
•   Monitor and review the processes for risk assessment as regards corporate responsibility
    (including human rights and product safety), sustainability and compliance matters
    (including regulatory and quality risk assurance and restrictive trade practices) and
    ethical conduct, including the impact of COVID-19 and any associated risks to the Group
•   Continued focus on delivering the safety, quality, and compliance agenda




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                 141
      Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance Committee Report
      (Continued)

      Committee membership
      The members of the Committee during the year were:
                                        Member from                                                               Meetings attended

      Pam Kirby (Chair)                 Chair and member of the Committee for the whole year                                          4 of 4


      Nicandro Durante                  Member for the whole year                                                                     4 of 4


      Mehmood Khan                      Member for the whole year                                                                     4 of 4


      Chris Sinclair                    Member for the whole year                                                                     4 of 4


      Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board on the                   programmes and activities. Its role and responsibilities are set out
      recommendation of the Nomination Committee, which reviews                    in its terms of reference, which can be found at www.reckitt.com.
      membership in terms of skills, knowledge, diversity and                      We review our terms of reference annually. During the year, the
      experience. The Board is satisfied that each member of the                   Committee’s terms of reference were reviewed and considered
      Committee is independent and that Committee members as a                     to be fit for purpose, in line with best practice.
      whole have competence relevant to the company’s sector and
                                                                                   The Audit Committee has a monitoring function in respect of risk
      the industries in which it operates. On joining the Committee and
                                                                                   management and internal control systems, especially financial
      during their tenure, members receive additional training tailored
                                                                                   controls, which also includes the assurance framework established
      to their individual requirements. Such training includes meetings
                                                                                   by management to identify and monitor risks identified by
      with internal management covering CRSEC matters. All members
                                                                                   the CRSEC Committee. The Committee liaises with the Audit
      of the Committee receive regular briefings from senior executives
                                                                                   Committee and the Chair of the CRSEC Committee is a member
      on matters covering governance, regulatory and legislative
                                                                                   of the Audit Committee.
      developments, product safety and corporate responsibility,
      sustainability and ethics-related matters, and Reckitt practices             Activity during the year
      and policies in these areas. During the year, the Head of Group              Standing agenda items reviewed by the Committee throughout
      Secretariat acted as Secretary to the Committee.                             the year
                                                                                   The Committee has a number of standing agenda items which
      Meetings
                                                                                   it considers in line with its terms of reference:
      The Committee is expected to meet at least three times per year.
      In 2021, the Committee held four meetings, three of which were               •   Reviewing the constitution, terms of reference and
      held virtually due to COVID-19. Meetings usually take place ahead                performance of the Committee
      of Board meetings and the Chair of the Committee reports                     •   Assessment, benchmarking and recommendations on policies,
      formally to the Board on the Committee’s proceedings. The CEO,                   processes and procedures for corporate responsibility,
      CFO, Chief R&D Officer, Group Head of Audit, General Counsel                     sustainability and compliance and ethical conduct
      & Company Secretary, Chief Supply Officer, Head of Group
                                                                                   •   Overseeing the Group’s conduct with regard to its corporate
      Compliance, Head of Corporate Affairs & Chief Sustainability
                                                                                       and societal obligations as a responsible global citizen on
      Officer, Head of External Communications and Affairs, Global
                                                                                       behalf of all its stakeholders, including reviewing the company’s
      Director of Sustainability, Environment and Human Rights, Chief
                                                                                       statement on Modern Slavery and Trafficking
      Safety Officer, and Global Head of Regulatory regularly attend
      meetings. Other Board members are invited to attend all meetings.            •   Reviewing and monitoring implementation and compliance
      Other senior management attend when deemed appropriate by                        with the company’s Speak Up Policy and review of reports
      the Committee. Time is allocated at each meeting for private                 •   In conjunction with the Audit Committee, reviewing the
      discussion with the Chief R&D Officer, Head of Group Compliance,                 company’s whistle-blowing, fraud and compliance
      Head of Corporate Affairs & Chief Sustainability Officer and                     arrangements, including the adequacy and security for the
      Group Head of Audit without other invitees being present, as                     workforce to raise concerns, procedures for detecting fraud,
      well as a private meeting of the Committee members. Copies of                    systems and controls for the prevention of bribery and modern
      Committee papers are provided to all Board Directors in advance                  slavery and the effectiveness of anti-money laundering
      of each meeting and minutes of each Committee meeting are                        systems and controls
      provided to the Board.                                                       •   Monitoring and reviewing processes for risk assessment for
      In addition to reviewing matters at our Committee meetings, the                  corporate responsibility, sustainability, and compliance and
      Committee Chair held regular meetings with our CEO, Chief R&D                    ethical conduct
      Officer, Head of Corporate Affairs & Chief Sustainability Officer,           •   Agreeing targets and KPIs for corporate responsibility,
      and the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, to review progress                    sustainability and compliance and ethical conduct. Reviewing
      against the strategy and to represent the Board in supporting                    internal and external reports on progress towards set targets
      the efforts in these critical areas.                                             and KPIs

      Role and responsibilities                                                    •   Reports from management committees in respect of corporate
      The Committee is part of the Group’s governance framework                        responsibility, sustainability, ethics, and compliance and
      and supports the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities              investigating and taking action in relation to issues raised or
      in ensuring the integrity of the Group’s corporate responsibility                reported to it
      and sustainability, ethics and compliance strategies, policies,




142
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                     Financial Statements




Specific matters which were considered by the Committee at                within both our business and value chain, these formed the basis of
its meetings during the year are shown below:                             our Sustainability Ambitions for 2030 which we launched in March
• Product safety evaluation, product integrity review and product         2021. Our ambition to reach half the world with products that enable
    lifecycle management                                                  a cleaner, healthier world, while engaging two billion people through
•   Supply chain quality performance                                      our purpose-led brands, programmes and campaigns will help us
                                                                          deliver lasting societal impact through a stronger business. In
•   Corporate employee health and safety
                                                                          delivering our specific ambitions on sustainable products, climate
•   Regulatory matters review and remediation programmes                  action, inclusion and human rights we help deliver the United Nation’s
•   2021 compliance and ethics priorities                                 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and our own ambitions for
•   Ethics and compliance maturity evolution and communication plan       a healthier planet and fairer society. Our latest materiality review
                                                                          reaffirms that we are focused on the issues that matter most – for
•   Ethics and compliance scorecard
                                                                          our business, for wider society and for our stakeholders. This was
•   Corporate security                                                    confirmed during 2021 as we communicated our Sustainability
•   Annual compliance training                                            Ambitions widely, and built new partnerships with stakeholders,
•   Corporate policies                                                    especially customers and governments, to help deliver them.

•   Employee pulse survey – ‘Doing the right thing, always’               The United Nations COP26 conference was a great demonstration
•   Data privacy: Brexit and data incidents reported                      of this and of our wider ESG and sustainability approach. As the
                                                                          official hygiene partner at COP26, we helped deliver a safe
•   Third-party due diligence
                                                                          conference that furthered climate action. We also drew attention
•   External affairs                                                      to the increasingly obvious connection between climate change
•   Fight for Access Fund                                                 and public health. This needs concerted cross-sectoral action
                                                                          to protect people’s health around the world, and Reckitt is well
•   IFCN progress, including position on sugars
                                                                          placed to drive and support that action. Our purpose-led brands’
•   IFCN update – breast-milk substitute call to action
                                                                          activity on health literacy and preventative health and hygiene
•   Sustainability matters and target tracking                            measures help address exactly that. At the same time, through our
•   Building on COP26 momentum on sustainability                          brands and the sustainable products we design, we help tackle
                                                                          climate change when people use our products every day, by
•   COVID-19 impact and related matters
                                                                          saving energy and water. Again, at COP26, we drew attention
Some of the key achievements in the reporting period follow.              to how brands and business can connect with consumers
                                                                          everywhere to promote this and create subtle but important
Sustainability
                                                                          changes in behaviour that help address societal issues.
2021 was a significant year in our environmental social and
governance (ESG) and sustainability agenda. At the end of 2020, we        COP26 also saw our announcement of new programmes on
measured our performance against our initial sustainability targets,      ecosystems and biodiversity. The opportunities and risks within
achieving 2020 environmental goals on carbon and water in                 ecosystems, for a variety of issues such as climate change,
manufacturing and improving our social impact, but also recognising       resource resilience or even new health solutions, are increasingly
the need to strengthen our focus on product sustainability                visible. Stakeholders including governments, consumers and
throughout our value chain. External scrutiny of packaging and            investors recognise this within their support for stronger policy
plastics continued alongside greater recognition of the importance        frameworks and reporting activity through nature-related financial
of biodiversity and reaffirmation of the significance of climate action   risk reporting. Our new partnership with the University of Oxford
both for business and society. Our work up to 2021 built strong           Nature Based Insetting team is helping us assess ecosystem
foundations in these areas, most notably through our work on              impacts and then build measurable interventions to reduce risk
plastics and our science-based targets approach on climate change         and strengthen ecosystems for the future. It complements our
with ambitions to reach net zero. Together with a greater emphasis        partnership with the University of Cambridge‘s Centre for Risk
on sustainable product formulation and even wider social impact           Studies on climate change.




                                                                                                                           Reckitt’s stand at
                                                                                                                           COP26, Glasgow, UK




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            143
      Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance Committee Report
      (Continued)

      We have continued to progress on climate change by further                efficacy of certain ingredients and/or products, when no
      reducing carbon and greenhouse gases through increased use of             scientifically validated alternative test is available. It is our policy
      renewable electricity and energy efficiency. There has been similar       not to conduct or commission tests unless scientifically justified
      progress on water, with increased efficiency in manufacturing             or required by government or scientific agencies. This same
      alongside the development of water harvesting and catchment               policy is applied to our suppliers and third parties. Reckitt does
      area management. Collectively, these have enabled our first               not test cosmetic products or any of its ingredients on animals
      net water-neutral site, at Hosur in India. Our increased focus            and supports a worldwide ban to end cosmetic product testing
      on sustainable products is led by ongoing development of our              on animals. Reckitt is committed to eliminating animal testing of
      Sustainable Innovation Calculator which is now used in each Global        our products as far as possible, applying the principles of ‘3Rs’
      Business Unit’s product development innovation programme. It              (Reduce, Refine and Replace). Reckitt does not conduct animal
      helps measure carbon, water, chemical and packaging footprints in         testing on cosmetic ingredients or raw materials for the
      new products for our global brands, targeting their reduction to          purposes of safety assessment, nor do we request our
      enable more sustainable products in the future.                           suppliers to do this. In cases where animal testing is required,
                                                                                we ensure that we use accredited and certified third-party
      2021 also saw Reckitt strengthen its sustainable sourcing activity
                                                                                laboratories. Reckitt has no animal testing research facilities and
      with a focus on key ingredients including palm oil and latex.
                                                                                does not conduct in-house animal research. We do not request
      We have reaffirmed our commitment to only using certified
                                                                                third-party suppliers to conduct testing on our behalf. As part
      sustainable palm oil. This is enabled by roadmaps with our
                                                                                of our commitment to ending animal testing, we are continuing
      suppliers together with our collaboration with other Consumer
                                                                                to collaborate with the scientific community and a number of
      Goods Forum members and our own partner, Earthworm
                                                                                trade association partners to accelerate the development of
      Foundation, on landscape programmes. We began the certification
                                                                                alternative approaches and methodologies, while ensuring
      of latex through the Fair Rubber Association (FRA). We are working
                                                                                consumer safety and delivering product efficacy
      with plantations in Malaysia and smallholder farmers in Thailand to
      certify latex production, strengthen agronomy, protect ecosystems     Product integrity review: Completion of a 4.5-year programme to
      and support sustainable livelihoods and communities to safeguard      review the safety and compliance of Reckitt’s portfolio in response
      them and latex production for the future.                             to the Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) tragedy. At peak a workforce of
                                                                            90 dedicated cross-functional scientists reviewed over 21,000
      Our ESG and sustainability agenda was a continuing element of this
                                                                            stock-keeping units (SKUs) across 173 markets, manufactured at
      Committee’s work, but also supported wider Board engagement.
                                                                            over 280 locations. A comprehensive review of the company’s
      Listening Sessions on infant nutrition and ecosystems supported
                                                                            response to the HS tragedy was also conducted. It found that
      our oversight of the business’s strategy and approach, bringing
                                                                            Reckitt’s product safety systems and processes had been
      external expert perspective to the attention of Board members.
                                                                            appropriately remediated since 2016.
      Safety, quality, regulatory and compliance
                                                                            •   Brexit: Required changes have been implemented with
      At the start of the year, the Consumer Safety and Regulatory
                                                                                updated and adapted items such as testing protocols, to ensure
      functions were aligned under our Chief R&D Officer, which has
                                                                                execution and no loss of business continuity
      delivered further continuity across the innovation and product
      lifecycle management, enabling greater effectiveness and              •   Regulatory matters: The Committee continued to monitor
      efficiency. Quality, Employee Health and Safety and Quality               regulatory issues in many jurisdictions and the business’s
      Compliance functions are aligned under the Chief Supply                   readiness to adapt. A new Public Policy & Advocacy Group of
      Officer, which has delivered further continuity around critical           cross-functional experts has been established to strengthen
      manufacturing and logistics processes and the necessary product           this capability and ensure continued and long-term focus on
      quality requirements.                                                     Reckitt’s policy priorities
                                                                            •   Our overall approach to CRSEC activities has moved to
      R&D
                                                                                continuous improvement, with a more effective topical
      • Ingredients: Science platforms delivering new innovative
                                                                                approach, as evidenced by the survey conducted in Q3
        solutions in areas of packaging and science of sustainability –
        e.g. Gaviscon coatings replacing outside plastic sleeve, Finish     •   COVID-19: Our focus continued to enable science support for
        packaging recycled content, fundamentals of polymer science             our products and consumer knowledge, drawing on medical
        leading to upgraded shelf life performance, PU condom launch            insight and product knowledge as new variants emerged
        and optimisation of material usage and manufacturing yields to      Supply
        reduce waste                                                        • Quality: QualityOne has now been launched for Change and
      •   Product Lifecycle Management (PLM): The PLM system is now           Deviation Management. As planned, work has commenced on
          deployed across a number of sites and global functions with         scoping the next phases of the programme – Documentation,
          focus on data governance and platforms required to ensure           and Supplier & Audit Management. Progress continues on both
          efficient data flow and compliance. Continued learnings from        leading and lagging indicators across business units
          deployment are being applied to the programme approach            •   EH&S: enhanced programmes at factories; robust COVID-19
          moving forward                                                        protocols and a strong performance maintained despite
      •   Animal testing for product safety: A new ‘Alternatives to             COVID-19 related disruptions; and strong progress on
          Animal Testing’ corporate policy was developed, emphasising           asset protection
          Reckitt’s commitment to minimising animal testing and using       •   Transformation in Consumer Relations is reaching its conclusion
          alternatives where possible. Consumer safety is our number            in Q1 2022 and will bring us data from our consumers to
          one priority, and Reckitt must comply with the regulations            drive improvements
          where our products are marketed. This may on limited
          occasions require animal studies to support the safety or



144
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                       Financial Statements




Legal and compliance                                                           Further to the above, Reckitt also took action to strengthen the
• Culture of Integrity: Following the publication of Reckitt’s new             level of maturity of the controls relating to its top three areas of
   Compass and Code of Conduct in 2020, helping us ensure that                 risk exposure: data privacy, third-party non-compliances, and
   every employee has a clear understanding of the behaviours                  bribery and corruption. Further information on actions taken
   we want to adopt and of the principles and values which we                  over 2021 is reported below.
   uphold, in 2021 Reckitt rolled out a survey to measure the
                                                                           •   Data privacy: In 2020, the Group Privacy Office (under the
   ‘Culture of Integrity’ within the organisation. This was done
                                                                               leadership of our Group Data Protection Officer) embarked
   through a company-wide ‘Doing the Right Thing, Always’ pulse
                                                                               on the implementation of a long-term risk improvement
   survey in Q2 2021. The survey obtained 19,498 responses, with
                                                                               programme aimed at advancing Reckitt’s privacy practices
   rich feedback provided
                                                                               and aligning Reckitt’s residual risk exposure with its appetite.
    On the back of employees’ feedback on their feeling of                     As part of the ongoing implementation of its improvement
    empowerment to ‘Do the Right Thing, Always’, Reckitt devised               programme, in 2021 the Group Privacy Office completed
    a detailed action plan and put robust measures in place to                 a number of workstreams, such as:
    continuously enhance its Culture of Integrity. As an example
                                                                               i.   Strategy: Reckitt’s Improvement Programme Roadmap was
    of the actions taken, the Company:
                                                                                    baselined, shared with several jurisdictions and localised to
    i.   Continued the roll-out of the Honest Reflections on Ethics                 allow each market to include further targeted actions to
         training sessions, aimed at equipping employees with a                     meet local laws and regulations.
         better understanding of the trade-offs involved in taking
                                                                               ii. Governance: a ‘Ways of Working’ manual outlining the
         risks and ‘getting the job done’ as opposed to making
                                                                                   role of the Group Privacy Office, Heads of Privacy, Privacy
         ethical business decisions and ‘Doing the Right Thing,
                                                                                   Counsels and of selected functions with respect to
         Always’. To date, the ethics and compliance teams have
                                                                                   the implementation of the privacy programme and to
         deployed the Honest Reflections on Ethics campaign to
                                                                                   business-as-usual data-handling practices was created
         thousands of employees worldwide and – in particular – to
                                                                                   and supplemented through documented job descriptions
         those operating in high-risk countries and covering positions
                                                                                   for stated stakeholders.
         with significant decision-making influence, such as general
         management and commercial functions.                                  iii. Training: data privacy training was delivered to Reckitt’s
                                                                                    employee base; in addition, employees in high-risk functions
    ii. Expanded the scope of the annual mandatory compliance
                                                                                    and jurisdictions were also assigned additional role-specific
        training to cover also the topic of human rights. Reckitt’s
                                                                                    training which, over the course of 2021, has been completed
        mandatory training curriculum now spans from the Code of
                                                                                    by 10,439 employees.
        Conduct to product safety, from human rights to privacy and
        cyber security, from anti-bribery & corruption to competition      •   Third-party non-compliances: Over 2021, Reckitt also
        law. In 2021, over 94% of the employee base completed the              strengthened its third-party risk management practices and
        annual mandatory compliance training.                                  reaffirmed its ability to assess third parties before entering into
                                                                               a business relationship with them
    iii. Developed and rolled out role-specific training to high-risk
         functions and jurisdictions on matters such as data privacy,      In March 2021, Reckitt rolled out its enhanced third-party due
         competition law and corporate security.                           diligence process with some of its highest-risk operating sites.
                                                                           The new process tailors the thoroughness of due diligence
•   Speak Up: 2021 was an opportunity to continue raising
                                                                           assessments to each third party’s risk profile, thus allowing Reckitt
    awareness of the confidential Speak Up service, available
                                                                           to focus its attention on the areas where it matters the most and
    to employees and third parties to ask questions and raise
                                                                           thoroughly investigate the third parties which pose a high inherent
    concerns on potential violations of regulations, internal policies
                                                                           risk to our organisation. Following the roll-out to high-risk sites
    or any misconduct observed at Reckitt
                                                                           in March 2021, the new due diligence process is being integrated
    Increased awareness of the Speak Up service, both internally           with the workflows and systems in place to enable third-party
    and externally, and availability of the Speak Up hotline externally,   creation and contract negotiation. The integrated due diligence
    led to a substantial increase in the volume of Speak Up cases          process is due to be launched across the rest of the organisation
    received in 2021. To ensure the increase in cases were managed         in Q1 2022. This year, 13,505 third parties have been assessed via
    and investigated in a timely manner, in-depth Speak Up                 the due diligence process.
    investigation training was delivered to individuals responsible
                                                                           We recognise that, whilst the execution of third-party due
    for leading investigations, from ethics & compliance or other
                                                                           diligence assessments is important, it is only one of the
    relevant functions.
                                                                           components of an effective third-party risk management
    By the end of 2021, Reckitt had received 606 Speak Up reports.         programme. As such, in 2021 Reckitt also:
    Most cases were investigated and closed, and some are still
                                                                               i.   Developed guidelines setting out the most typical red flags
    under investigation. 49% of Speak Up reports were considered
                                                                                    which may be identified in the course of a due diligence
    to be substantiated or partially substantiated during 2021.
                                                                                    assessment, and practical ways to resolve them.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               145
      Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance Committee Report
      (Continued)

          ii. Strengthened Reckitt’s third-party risk management toolkit       External affairs
              through the development of i) Third-party training to ensure     Policy and advocacy
              our business partners understand Reckitt’s expectations          Board Listening Sessions
              of them and can familiarise themselves with practical            In 2021, the Board undertook two Listening Sessions with key
              dos and don’ts; ii) Supplementary material which may be          external stakeholders, in line with section 172 of the Companies Act
              distributed to third parties needing to strengthen their         2006 (the Act). At these sessions we invited a broad spectrum of
              compliance position.                                             external speakers representing diverse opinions ranging from:
                                                                               NGOs to investors; governments to consumers and retail partners
          iii. Devised ways to continuously monitor changes in
                                                                               to industry. The 2021 sessions were focused on: the Power of
               third parties’ criticality, and risk profile through the
                                                                               Nutrition (26 May) and Nature-based Solutions (6 October). After
               implementation of a robust assurance mechanism.
                                                                               each Listening Session a summary of our external speakers’ insights
      •   Anti-bribery and corruption: To reinforce Reckitt’s                  and recommendations were produced and shared with the Board.
          commitment to preventing any form of bribery and corruption,
                                                                               In 2022, our Listening Sessions will include a deep dive on
          between Q4 2020 and Q1 2021 Reckitt engaged Transparency
                                                                               ‘Self-Care’, one of the four global problems our Reckitt business
          International (the leading anti-corruption NGO overseeing
                                                                               strategy focuses on.
          anti-bribery and anti-corruption-related activities globally) to
          carry out a benchmarking assessment on its Anti-Bribery and          Wet wipes and single-use plastic (SUP)
          Anti-Corruption programme against industry peers                     We are engaging with the UK Government regarding the proposals
                                                                               to ban problematic plastic items, in an effort to reduce the strain
          The assessment found that Reckitt’s Anti-Bribery and Anti-
                                                                               on waste management systems. Our consultation involves
          Corruption programme compares favourably against industry
                                                                               highlighting our progress made on eliminating plastic in wet wipes,
          peers with positive scores in important areas such as: senior
                                                                               particularly in Dettol products.
          leaders’ commitment, monitoring risks, managing high-risk areas
          and providing adequate training on bribery and corruption risks.     Build Back Better Business Council
                                                                               Reckitt’s CEO was appointed to the UK government’s Build Back
          Furthermore, as part of its ongoing efforts in countering bribery
                                                                               Better Business Council (BBBBC), which brought together
          and corruption, during 2021 Reckitt:
                                                                               government and business leaders to drive economic recovery
          i.   Updated its Anti-Bribery Policy, Conflicts of Interest Policy   and growth across the UK, enable the transition to a net-zero
               and supporting Standard Operating Procedures.                   economy by 2050 and promote ‘Global Britain’. The work of the
                                                                               council focuses on the three priority pillars of skills, innovation
          ii. Updated its Third Party Code of Conduct and rolled it out to
                                                                               and infrastructure.
              its suite of third parties.
                                                                               Laxman Narasimhan has also been appointed as a member of the
          iii. Created new processes and channels via which third parties
                                                                               Levelling Up Advisory Council and is chairing Opportunity Humber,
               can report conflicts of interest.
                                                                               a private sector initiative to help drive the growth of the Humber
          iv. Handled a total of 3,785 Conflicts of Interest Disclosures       region and ensure it is delivering its full potential for the UK.
              throughout 2021.
                                                                               This spring Reckitt also launched the Oh Yes! Net Zero campaign
          v. Handled a total of 642 Gifts & Entertainment Disclosures          in Hull. This is a Reckitt-created coalition in collaboration with
             throughout 2021.                                                  the University of Hull, Hull City Council and over 30 companies
                                                                               to achieve net zero in a region that has the UK’s largest Industrial
      •   Compliance monitoring capabilities: To measure the
                                                                               Cluster CO2 emissions.
          effectiveness of its Ethics & Compliance programme, Reckitt
          also advanced its compliance monitoring capabilities. Data           Greater transparency
          analytics techniques were leveraged wherever possible to             Reckitt became one of the first FTSE companies to go beyond UK
          gather insights on Reckitt’s state of compliance against the         gender pay reporting requirements in 2020, increasing its scope to
          requirements of the company’s policies and procedures. When          five markets: China, India, Mexico, the UK and the US. In 2021, we
          instances suggesting that our practices deviate from policy          doubled (to ten) the number of markets covered by the report,
          requirements are identified, the Ethics & Compliance team            which represents almost 70% of our global Reckitt workforce.
          investigates them and devises supporting risk-mitigation plans.
                                                                               In December 2021, we published our annual tax strategy, as
          The risk metrics and performance data gathered through               required by HMRC. Since 2016, it has been a legal requirement for
          Reckitt’s growing data analytics capabilities are also being used    large UK companies to publish their tax strategies. Reckitt goes
          to support the business in executing periodic assessment of its      over and above the legal requirements and includes voluntary
          compliance risk exposure year on year.                               disclosures in the report.

                                                                               In 2021, Reckitt was one of the 173 companies who took part in the
                                                                               Workforce Disclosure Initiative (WDI), leading the way on
                                                                               transparency around workforce issues. It represents the fourth
                                                                               year Reckitt has submitted data to WDI.




146
Strategic Report                                       Governance                                     Financial Statements




In May 2021, Reckitt was ranked first (out of nine breast-milk              Reckitt Global Hygiene Institute
substitute (BMS) manufacturers) in the first ATNI Spotlight on              Reckitt provided a founding donation of $25 million to set up
Lobbying Report.                                                            the Reckitt Global Hygiene Institute (RGHI) as an independent
                                                                            US-based non-profit 501(c)(3) foundation in mid-2020. RGHI’s
Responsible business
                                                                            mission is to enable and accelerate hygiene science to improve
Significant progress on our sugar commitment
                                                                            public health through better outcomes and behaviours. It is guided
In October 2020, we outlined our specific commitments on sugar
                                                                            by an external panel of globally recognised public health experts.
for our Infant Formula and Child Nutrition (IFCN) portfolio, to be
                                                                            In 2021, RGHI initiated several research grants and held its first
implemented by March 2024. We have made significant progress,
                                                                            ‘open call’ for three-year post-doctoral fellowships in hygiene,
and as of November 2021, we were at 90% of our commitments,
                                                                            awarding five of these from a large worldwide pool of applicants.
with plans in place to meet our original target of full compliance
                                                                            RGHI has attracted the support of several key organisations
by March 2024.
                                                                            including the World Bank, Chatham House, the Task Force for
ATNI and the BMS Marketing Index 2021                                       Global Health and the UN’s Hand Hygiene for All, as well as a wide
The Access to Nutrition Initiative (ATNI) undertook an independent          network of academic institutions including Harvard, Emory and
evaluation of our BMS Marketing Policy, internal systems, and               Stanford universities and the Water Institute.
on-the ground marketing practices in the Philippines and Mexico.
                                                                            Committee performance review
This work was conducted in 2019/20, with the resulting report
                                                                            Following the key outcomes of the 2020 performance review,
published in May 2021. Reckitt improved its ranking from fifth
                                                                            the Committee reviewed its manner of Committee meeting
(out of six BMS manufacturers) to fourth (out of nine BMS
                                                                            preparation so that more concise, focused pre-reads were
manufacturers), and with a score of 32% (versus 10%), this
                                                                            submitted to the Committee before meetings, and meetings
represents more than a three-fold increase compared to the ATNI
                                                                            themselves focused on interactive discussion.
BMS Marketing Index in 2018. This significant improvement is a
direct result of our BMS Marketing Policy, and our improved                 In 2021, a performance review of the Committee was conducted
transparency, disclosure and reporting on our BMS practices.                as part of the Board’s external performance review, conducted
                                                                            by Lintstock Ltd. Lintstock Ltd is independent of and has no
We published our response to the ATNI Marketing Index 2021 in
                                                                            connections to the company.
December. We engaged extensively with ATNI on the findings,
and as of January 2022, were the only company to date that                  The performance review of the Committee utilised a bespoke
had responded.                                                              questionnaire, sent to Committee members. The 2021 performance
                                                                            review focused on the Committee’s time management and
FTSE4Good and independent verifications
                                                                            composition, processes and support, work carried out and its
Following our acquisition of Mead Johnson Nutrition in 2017,
                                                                            priorities for change. Positive feedback was received in all areas.
we participated in the first FTSE4Good verification of our
                                                                            Meetings were managed well in line with the annual cycle of
BMS marketing practices over 2019-2021. The assessment was
                                                                            work. The time and input in meetings and the facilitation of virtual
carried out at our corporate head office, and in two countries,
                                                                            meetings were rated highly. The composition of the Committee
the Philippines and Mexico. Whilst the verification reports
                                                                            was also highlighted, with members having a good balance of
identified a number of areas for improvement, we are proud of
                                                                            knowledge and appropriate capabilities. It was noted that the
the significant progress we have made in our marketing practices,
                                                                            Committee played an important role in monitoring Reckitt’s
four years post acquisition.
                                                                            conduct with regard to its corporate and societal obligations and
IFCN marketing practices                                                    compliance with laws, regulations, codes of conduct and internal
As part of our governance mandate and ensuring that we monitor              policies and procedures. To continually improve Committee
the proper implementation of Reckitt’s policy and procedures on             performance in 2022, the value of incorporating focused deep
the marketing of breast-milk substitutes (BMS), we are apprised on          dives into agendas would be beneficial. It was also recommended
progress and developments in the marketing of our BMS products.             that the Committee receive continual updates on ESG reporting
We employ a number of monitoring activities, and have                       requirements and regulatory changes.
summarised below the key items from 2021:
                                                                            The Board, having had sight of the results of the Committee’s
•   We completed our reporting on the responsible marketing of              evaluation, considers the Committee to be operating effectively.
    BMS: summarising alleged non-compliances of our BMS
                                                                            Pam Kirby
    marketing practices versus the BMS Marketing Policy and/or
                                                                            Chair of the Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and
    local legislation for 2020. Similar reports are available for earlier
                                                                            Compliance Committee
    years, and we will publish the report for 2021 later this year.
                                                                            Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
•   We undertake independent verifications of our IFCN marketing
    practices in two countries each year. The reports for Thailand          13 April 2022
    and Colombia, as well as our response and corrective action
    plan are available www.reckitt.com/sustainability/purpose-led-
    brands/infant-and-child-nutrition/policies-and-progress-reports.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            147
                                      DIRECTORS’
      “Central to our remuneration
      philosophy are the principles




                                      REMUNERATION
      of pay for performance
      and shareholder, as well
      as strategic, alignment.”

      Mary Harris
      Chair of the Remuneration
      Committee                       REPORT
                                      Contents of Directors’ Remuneration Report
                                      148 Letter from the Chair
                                      155 Reckitt’s remuneration at a glance
                                      158 Remuneration Committee governance
                                      160 Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                                      168 Annual Report on Remuneration
                                      182 Additional remuneration disclosures


                                      This Directors’ Remuneration Report has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
                                      2006 and Schedule 8 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations
                                      2008 (as amended). The report meets the requirements of the FCA Listing Authority’s Listing Rules and the
                                      Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. In this report we describe how the principles of good governance
                                      relating to Directors’ remuneration, as set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code (July 2018) (the Code), are
                                      applied in practice. The Remuneration Committee confirms that throughout the financial year the company has
                                      complied with these governance rules and best practice provisions.




                                      LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
                                      On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the
                                      Directors’ Remuneration Report for the financial year
                                      ended 31 December 2021.
                                      In line with the three-year lifecycle, a new Directors’ Remuneration Policy is being put
                                      forward for a binding shareholder vote at our AGM on 20 May 2022. On the following pages,
                                      I have shared the context for the key decisions the Committee took during 2021, in
                                      particular the decisions we took in connection with the updated Directors’ Remuneration
                                      Policy, how we rewarded performance achieved during the year in line with the current
                                      shareholder-approved Policy, decisions relating to remuneration arrangements in 2022
                                      should the new Policy be approved and the context of wider workforce remuneration.

                                      In light of the Committee’s review of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and how this is
                                      cascaded to the wider workforce, I have met and corresponded with many of our largest
                                      shareholders and shareholder advisory bodies over the past year to discuss Reckitt’s
                                      remuneration philosophy and the proposed changes to the Policy for 2022. I am pleased
                                      to say that we have had the benefit of substantive feedback from more than 50% of our
                                      shareholder register and that the majority of shareholders providing input were supportive
                                      of the changes we are making to our Remuneration Policy, to even further align with the
                                      strategic priorities of the Group. On behalf of the Remuneration Committee, I would like to
                                      thank shareholders and their advisory bodies for the time taken and their feedback, which
                                      has provided valuable input and assisted the Committee in developing the proposals. In
                                      particular, this proposed Policy strengthens the link between remuneration and Reckitt’s
                                      strategic priorities, and provides further alignment with shareholders and our sustainability
                                      ambitions through new performance measures in the Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP).




148
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                     Financial Statements




Context for executive remuneration at Reckitt                            Key proposed changes to the Remuneration Policy
Reckitt strives for leading global performance. Our management           and implementation of the Policy for 2022
team is multinational, and we compete for talent against global          Our current Remuneration Policy was approved at the 2019 AGM.
peers. Central to our remuneration philosophy are the principles         A significant number of changes were made to the remuneration
of pay for performance and shareholder, as well as strategic,            framework at that time to ensure that the management team is
alignment. Combined with Reckitt’s Compass and business model,           rewarded appropriately for delivering against our key strategic
these principles define how decisions are made, how people act           priorities, to reflect the global nature of our business and to deliver
and how we assess and reward them.                                       significant benefits for shareholders.

As noted in the Chair of the Board’s statement, our workforce            These changes included: i) a reduction in the maximum LTIP award
has shown itself to be adaptable and highly effective in very            limits; ii) the introduction of bonus deferral, a holding period to
taxing conditions. I am incredibly proud of their resilience             all LTIP awards, and a post-employment shareholding requirement;
and commitment which have brought tangible improvements                  iii) alignment of Executive Director pension arrangements to the
to execution across the Group. Our top leadership team has               wider workforce; iv) expansion of malus and clawback terms; and
integrated well and is making rapid inroads towards achieving            v) the introduction of additional performance measures of net
our strategic objectives, with the transformation firmly on track.       revenue and return on capital employed (ROCE) to LTIP awards.

Our strategy seeks to drive a return to sustainable, mid-single-digit    In developing the new Policy over the past year, the Remuneration
revenue growth, with margins in the mid-20s by the mid-2020s             Committee was mindful of the UK Corporate Governance Code,
whilst ensuring return on capital is enhanced, in order to deliver       engaged extensively with shareholders and their representatives,
creation of value for shareholders. The repositioning of our             and ensured that the Policy continues to incentivise delivery of
business towards higher growth is demonstrated in the                    the Group’s strategic priorities and creation of shareholder value.
divestments of IFCN China, Scholl and E45 and the successful             The Committee also took into account the views of the Board,
acquisition of Biofreeze.                                                management, employees and other key stakeholders on our
                                                                         remuneration policies and practices across the Group, as well as
Sustainability is also a key strategic priority for Reckitt. In 2021
                                                                         understanding market practice, both in the UK and amongst our
we launched our sustainability ambitions, ‘For a Cleaner, Healthier
                                                                         global peers.
World’. They set out our 2030 ambitions and are backed by more
than £1 billion of planned investment over the next ten years to         Following this comprehensive review, the Committee has
ensure we meet our goals. As set out on page 16 of the Strategic         concluded that the structure of remuneration under the current
Report, our science-based targets support a 65% reduction in             Policy remains fit for purpose and supports the strategy of the
operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and an increase              Group to rejuvenate sustainable growth, as well as our principles
to 50% of net revenue from more sustainable products by 2030.            of ownership and pay for performance.
We have been making tangible progress through the year and
                                                                         In particular, having reviewed and substantially changed the
are therefore pleased that this has been recognised externally.
                                                                         remuneration structure as part of the last Policy review, the focus
For example, we re-joined the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and
                                                                         of the proposed changes are on what we pay for. The Committee
were also awarded a Gold Class 2022 Sustainability Award from
                                                                         is keen to ensure that the LTIP performance measures are aligned
S&P Global. We have an improved MSCI ESG rating from A to AA,
                                                                         with our forward-looking strategy to create shareholder value,
and a Sustainalytics score at 22.9, positioning Reckitt in the top 15%
                                                                         through the rejuvenation of sustainable growth, and therefore
of our industry group. Our ambition, by 2030, is to reach half the
                                                                         is proposing the changes described below.
world with products that contribute to a cleaner, healthier world,
and engage two billion people in our programmes, partnerships            Changes to LTIP performance measures
and campaigns to create a positive impact and support the UN             The Committee is proposing to introduce Relative Total Shareholder
Sustainable Development Goals.                                           Return (TSR) as a measure under the LTIP to directly align executives
                                                                         with the shareholder experience. In addition we propose ESG
To reinforce our remuneration philosophy, the new Policy proposes
                                                                         measures to align with our 2030 sustainability ambitions.
that the majority of the Executive Directors’ remuneration
packages continue to be made up of variable at-risk pay,                 Having taken into account shareholder feedback we propose to
which will be linked to stretching financial and newly proposed          remove EPS and reduce the weighting on net revenue, to maintain
environmental, social and governance (ESG) targets that align            the weighting on ROCE once the ESG measures have been
with our strategy and shareholder value creation, and are largely        introduced, as follows:
delivered in Reckitt shares. In addition, we continue to have
                                                                         •   Like-for-like (LFL) net revenue growth (40% weighting)
market-leading shareholding requirements for executives.
This approach is cascaded throughout our senior leadership.              •   ROCE (25% weighting)
                                                                         •   Relative TSR (25% weighting)
                                                                         •   ESG (10% weighting, split equally between two metrics)




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            149
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Relative TSR is proposed as it directly aligns LTIP participants       There are no changes proposed to the measurement of net
      with the shareholder experience and will only reward for TSR           revenue growth or ROCE performance measures used under
      outperformance against our peers. Relative TSR will be measured        the LTIP.
      against a group of 19 global companies primarily drawn from
                                                                             There are no changes proposed to the annual bonus structure or
      the constituents of the MSCI World House & Personal Products
                                                                             performance measures, which will remain based on net revenue
      Index, along with other competitors to ensure peers that are
                                                                             and adjusted profit before tax on a multiplicative basis, a structure
      appropriately comparable to Reckitt (further detail, including
                                                                             which requires outperformance in both measures, with deferral of
      an explanation of the selection of peers is set out on page 180).
                                                                             one-third of the bonus into shares.
      The composition of the peer group directly reflects shareholder
      feedback received during the consultation. The targets will be         The measures used across the bonus and LTIP schemes are
      in line with UK best practice, with threshold vesting for median       balanced between top-line and bottom-line performance,
      performance and only vesting in full for upper quartile                combining revenue, profit, and return financial measures alongside
      performance or above.                                                  a measure directly aligned to the shareholder experience and a
                                                                             measure linked to our sustainability ambitions. The Remuneration
      Our sustainability ambitions, ‘For a Cleaner, Healthier World’,
                                                                             Committee is of the view that this is a balanced set of measures
      were communicated externally in April 2021 and the proposed
                                                                             linked to our Compass and Purpose and fully aligned with our
      ESG measures in the LTIP are directly aligned to these ambitions.
                                                                             forward-looking business strategy.
      Further details on these are set out on page 180 of this report.
                                                                             LTIP award limits
      The ESG metrics take into account shareholder views that
                                                                             As previously approved by shareholders, our LTIP award sizes are
      measures should stem from the wider ESG strategy and should
                                                                             expressed as a fixed number of performance share options and
      be transparent, quantifiable and measurable. We are therefore
                                                                             performance shares, to provide full alignment with investors.
      proposing two equally weighted ESG measures for the 2022 award:
                                                                             The award size is determined by the Remuneration Committee
      i) Percentage of net revenue from more sustainable products
                                                                             taking into account performance, the prevailing share price, market
         – this has been an annual reporting KPI since 2012 and
                                                                             data and our pay positioning philosophy. In the event of a material
         supports our ambition of 50% of net revenue being from
                                                                             increase or decrease in the share price prior to grant, the
         more sustainable products by 2030. This is measured using our
                                                                             Committee will consider whether the prevailing award size
         Sustainable Innovation Calculator (SIC) which measures the
                                                                             remains appropriate and adjust it appropriately.
         environmental footprint of new products using carbon, water,
         plastics, ingredients and packaging indicators. It includes Scope   Taking into account shareholder sentiment and the current external
         3 consumer use (including the carbon and water impact from          environment, the Committee has introduced a new, lower, normal
         consumer use), which is the most impactful lifecycle stage          operational limit on the number of LTIP performance share options
         of our products                                                     and performance shares that can be granted to an Executive
                                                                             Director, which will not be greater than 200,000 performance share
      ii) Percentage reduction in GHG emissions in operations
                                                                             options and 100,000 performance shares, reduced from 300,000
          – this supports the delivery of our externally validated
                                                                             performance options and 150,000 performance shares in the
          science-based targets for 2030 to help maintain global
                                                                             previous Remuneration Policy.
          warming at less than 1.5°C, including a 65% reduction in
          GHG emissions in operations from our 2015 baseline. For the        In addition, for future LTIP awards, we are proposing that dividend
          purposes of reward outcomes, any offsetting activities will        equivalents will accrue on performance share awards granted
          not count towards achievement of these targets                     under the LTIP that ultimately vest subject to performance in order
                                                                             to align participants with the overall shareholder experience and
      The ESG targets are based on rigorous methodology, are
                                                                             to bring Reckitt in line with UK best practice. These dividend
      independently assured and, in the case of our carbon emissions,
                                                                             equivalents will be delivered in shares, in line with shareholder
      support our delivery of externally validated science-based targets
                                                                             guidance. This change does not apply to performance share
      on emissions reduction. The Remuneration Committee intends
                                                                             options granted under the LTIP.
      to keep the ESG measures under review over the lifecycle of
      this Remuneration Policy, and to consider the inclusion of other
      measures, for example Scope 3 carbon emissions. However,
      these are currently in the early stages of implementation and the
      Committee determined that the two measures outlined above are
      the most appropriate for the 2022 LTIP award as they are based
      on rigorous methodology and independently assured. Further
      detail and rationale for these measures, including targets for the
      2022 LTIP can be found on page 180.




150
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                            Financial Statements




Further detail and rationale for the changes can be found in the ‘Directors’ Remuneration Policy’ section and a summary of the key features of
Reckitt’s remuneration arrangements is shown below:
Notable features of Reckitt’s remuneration arrangements under the new Remuneration Policy

     Reinforcing shareholder alignment                        Supporting business strategy                      Rewarding fairly and responsibly
     • Mandatory bonus deferral of one-third of               • Annual bonus based on achievement of            • Executive Director pension contribution
       any bonus earned into awards over Reckitt                objective financial performance measures,         at 10% of salary, in line with our wider
       shares for three years                                   being net revenue and adjusted profit             UK workforce
     • Two-year holding period for LTIP awards                  before income tax                               • Robust and thorough assessment of
       which starts at the end of the three-year              • Multiplicative approach for the formulaic         performance in the round before
       performance period                                       calculation of annual bonus outturns              determining annual bonus payouts and LTIP
     • Shareholding requirements for Executive                  ensures that:                                     vesting. The Committee will use discretion
       Directors of over c.1200% and c.850% of                  • outperformance on both top line and             if it is considered appropriate
       salary1 for CEO and CFO respectively, which                bottom line is required for maximum           • Malus and clawback provisions apply to
       are the most demanding in the UK market2 .                 payouts; and                                    bonus and LTIP in line with best practice
       These requirements are more than double                  • underperformance in any one of the              shareholder guidelines
       the annual LTIP award3                                     performance metrics will reduce the
     • Two-year post-employment shareholding                      overall bonus payout despite
       requirement of 50% of the shareholding                     outperformance of the other.
       requirement (or actual shareholding on                   For example, if profit is below threshold
       leaving if lower). This is more than 600% of             then a zero bonus would be paid regardless
       salary1 for the CEO and 425% for the CFO,                of net revenue performance
       and is more stretching and onerous than
                                                              • Vesting of the LTIP subject to achievement
       almost all other UK-listed companies’
                                                                against a range of metrics which measure
       in-employment shareholding requirements
                                                                different aspects of Group performance,
     • Formal mechanism to enforce the                          balanced between top-line and bottom-line
       post-employment shareholding                             performance, combining revenue and return
       requirement through our external share                   financial measures alongside a measure
       plan administrators                                      directly aligned to the shareholder
                                                                experience and a measure linked to our
                                                                sustainability ambitions


1.    Based on the average closing share price in Q4 2021 of £59.84

2.    Compared against constituents of the FTSE 30

3.    Using a Black-Scholes valuation of 10% for performance share options

Remuneration decisions in relation to portfolio management                                new targets are no harder or easier to achieve than the original
During 2021, the active management of the portfolio saw a 9%                              targets. A consistent approach has been taken across all three
portfolio turnover, including the strategic disposal of IFCN China                        performance measures and the adjustments are in line with
and Scholl and the acquisition of Biofreeze – a major step forward                        generally accepted shareholder principles where there has been
in our strategy to rejuvenate sustainable growth. This activity to                        material portfolio management.
strengthen the portfolio has meant that the targets set at the
                                                                                          •    The original EPS targets were set as final year EPS values,
beginning of each award under the Annual Performance Plan (APP)
                                                                                               based on a plan which included IFCN China at the time
and LTIP needed to be reviewed to ensure they remained
                                                                                               the targets were set. These targets have been reduced to
appropriate. In line with our current shareholder-approved
                                                                                               recognise the impact of the reduced profit expected in the
Remuneration Policy and shareholder views on adjusting targets,
                                                                                               final year of the LTIP cycle due to the disposal of IFCN China
the APP and LTIP targets were adjusted where needed to ensure
that participants are no better or worse off and in line with                             •    The LFL net revenue targets have been reduced slightly to
shareholder expectations as follows.                                                           recognise that the expected revenue growth for IFCN China
                                                                                               when the targets were set was higher than the remaining
Adjusting the APP for the 2021 financial year
                                                                                               portfolio. The challenge in the new targets for the remaining
The Committee resolved that for the APP, we included the
                                                                                               portfolio remains equal to the original targets
performance of disposed assets within the performance of the
year assessment until the closing date of sale. In order to ensure                        •    The ROCE targets have been increased to reflect that
we assessed performance on a fair and consistent basis the                                     IFCN China was a lower return business than the remaining
targets were adjusted to include performance of disposed assets                                portfolio and again the new targets contain the same level of
to the date of sale and exclude them for the period of the year                                challenge as was contained in the original targets when set
that Reckitt no longer owned them. In respect of acquisitions,
                                                                                          Further detail, including full disclosure of the original targets and
we included the performance from the closing date of acquisition
                                                                                          the new targets for each award cycle is set out on page 181.
and also increased the targets accordingly.
                                                                                          The Remuneration Committee decided that for the 2019-2021 LTIP
Adjusting in-flight LTIP performance measures
                                                                                          award, given the timing of the IFCN China sale is such that it was
For the 2020-2022 and 2021-2023 LTIP awards, the Remuneration
                                                                                          under the Group’s ownership for most of the performance period,
Committee has determined to adjust the targets for the disposal
                                                                                          no adjustments were to be made to the LTIP targets set at the
of IFCN China, given the size of this transaction, to ensure that the
                                                                                          start of the performance period.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                           151
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Annual bonus in respect of 2021 performance                            Sustainability: We re-joined the Dow Jones Sustainability Index
      Reckitt operates an annual bonus plan that is strongly aligned to      and were also awarded a Gold Class 2022 Sustainability Award
      performance, measured against stretching targets of net revenue        from S&P Global. We have an improved MSCI ESG rating from A to
      and adjusted profit before income tax.                                 AA, and a Sustainalytics score at 22.9, positioning Reckitt in the top
                                                                             15% of our industry group. In the face of significant input cost
      As it does every year, the Committee evaluated the performance of
                                                                             pressures, our supply chain continued to significantly improve and
      both the Group and the Executive Directors in the round and with
                                                                             our commitment to quality in supply was a contributing factor in
      regard to broader circumstances to assess whether the formulaic
                                                                             Reckitt’s readmission to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Last
      level of annual bonus payout is appropriate and justified, as
                                                                             year, we committed the equivalent of 1% of net profit over three
      described below.
                                                                             years to social impact investments. This year, ahead of schedule,
      From a financial perspective, 2021 was another strong year for         we achieved it, with investments in more than 50 countries, worth
      Reckitt with growth ahead of expectations and resulting in             over £38 million via the Reckitt Fight for Access Fund, and
      two-year stacked LFL net revenue growth significantly better than      engaging 30 million people.
      peers. LFL net revenue growth was 3.5%, outperforming market
                                                                             Challenges: The Committee also reviewed the significant
      expectations and is notable progress on top of excellent growth
                                                                             challenges that the business faced during the year and how
      last year, resulting in 17.4% growth on a two-year stacked basis.
                                                                             leadership responded to them. This included the weak cold
      We also saw strong momentum, with brands less sensitive to
                                                                             and flu season and a deteriorating input cost environment given
      COVID-19 dynamics, representing c.70% of the portfolio, growing,
                                                                             commodity and freight cost inflation increasing to double digits.
      on average, by mid-single digits in each quarter of 2021.
                                                                             Taking all of the above into account, the Committee determined
      The adjusted operating margin (excluding IFCN China) was 22.9%
                                                                             that the level of annual bonus payout is appropriate and justified
      in line with guidance and our operating profit was £2.9 billion. The
                                                                             and that no discretion would be applied.
      dividend was maintained at 174.6p. As set out in further detail on
      pages 168 to 171, these results reflect strong performance ahead       Vesting of the 2019-2021 LTIP
      of expectations and demonstrate that the transformation is firmly      The Reckitt LTIP is designed to align participants with shareholders
      on track. Based on targets set, the 2021 annual bonus for the CEO      through making awards with stretching performance conditions
      and CFO is 91.3% of maximum, in line with all other employees on       denominated in both performance share options and performance
      the same Group-wide measures.                                          share awards. Vesting of awards under the 2019 LTIP was
                                                                             dependent on stretching LFL net revenue growth, EPS and ROCE
      The framework which the Committee applied in a thorough
                                                                             targets which constitute a broader set of performance measures
      evaluation of the performance of the Group and the Executive
                                                                             than in previous LTIP award cycles.
      Directors in the round is set out on page 156. In addition to the
      financial operating performance as summarised above, this year’s       The Committee determined that for the 2019-2021 LTIP award,
      assessment included, amongst others, the following areas:              given the timing of the disposals in 2021 is such that they have
                                                                             been under the Group’s ownership for most of the performance
      Strategic delivery: The Committee has recognised that during
                                                                             period, no reductions will be made to the LTIP targets. Further
      the year we have continued to strengthen the business. Our
                                                                             detail is set out on page 171.
      innovation pipeline is 50% higher than the previous year and our
      productivity capabilities are now firmly embedded within the           As set out in the 2020 Directors’ Remuneration Report, as the
      business. Our execution has improved and has been recognised           goodwill impairment in respect of IFCN reduces the capital
      by both customers and suppliers. Based on the most recent              employed it has the potential to increase the calculation of ROCE
      Advantage survey of retailers, the percentage of our markets rated     for LTIP purposes. The Committee has ensured that the impairment
      ‘top tier’ by our customers improved by 20 percentage points, to       has not led to an increase in vesting in respect of the proportion of
      46%. For example, we were named Walmart’s supplier of the year,        the LTIP related to ROCE, by adding this back in the calculation of
      reflecting the improvements in sales excellence capabilities.          Capital Employed.
      We have been actively managing the portfolio to focus on higher
                                                                             The Committee is satisfied that this treatment is fair to participants
      growth, with 9% portfolio turnover.
                                                                             and aligned with the shareholder experience. As set out on page
      Competitive performance: The Committee reviewed financial              172, the resultant vesting is that 21.5% of the total award vests,
      and market share performance against competitors. In both cases        with vesting in respect of net revenue growth, reflecting the
      Reckitt has performed strongly. There has been strong market           strong growth over the performance period, but with zero vesting
      share growth during 2021 with 62% of our core CMUs holding or          in respect of the EPS and ROCE targets, as performance was
      gaining market share; Reckitt’s LFL net revenue growth of 3.5%         below threshold of the stretching targets set.
      represents strong growth and is markedly ahead of market
                                                                             As set out in more detail on page 172, the Committee also
      expectations. On a two-year stacked growth basis our growth
                                                                             evaluated the performance of both the Group and the CEO (the
      of 17.4% is significantly better than peer group average.
                                                                             CFO is not a participant in this LTIP award cycle) in the round using
      People and Culture: During the year there was the successful           the performance assessment framework and concluded that the
      embedding of several Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) and employee          total vesting level of 21.5% is justified and appropriate in this
      wellbeing initiatives. We have also rolled out our Leadership          context and that no discretion would be applied.
      Behaviours which are a key part of our leadership development
                                                                             There is a further two-year holding period attached to Laxman
      programme and annual review process. Our efforts have been
                                                                             Narasimhan’s LTIP award.
      recognised as we have recently been named in Fortune’s 2022
      World’s Most Admired Companies list.




152
Strategic Report                                        Governance                                 Financial Statements




2021 single figure                                                        changes to the additional fees for the role of Senior Independent
The impact of this bonus payment and LTIP vesting is a total single       Director (SID), Committee Chair, Committee member, or
figure of £5.97 million for the CEO and £3.07 million for the CFO,        Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the
noting that the CFO was not with the Group at the time the                company’s workforce.
2019-2021 LTIP awards were made. The majority of this is variable
                                                                          Context for remuneration of the wider workforce
pay, linked to stretching financial targets:
                                                                          The Remuneration Committee has considered the remuneration of
Singe figure illustration (£m)                                            Reckitt’s wider workforce during the year and has been provided
                                                                          with a comprehensive overview of workforce remuneration
CEO                                                                       and related policies, as well as the alignment of incentives and
CFO                                                                       rewards with culture. It reviewed information on salary structures,
                                                                          bonus design and targets, the LTIP, share ownership, Reckitt’s
£m    0       1           2          3      4       5         6       7   International Transfer Policy, approach to employee benefits and
                                                                          the all-employee share plans. The Committee is pleased to
  Fixed remuneration          Annual bonus (cash)
                                                                          note from this review that the company’s remuneration policies
  Annual bonus (shares)       LTIP
                                                                          continue to be aligned with those of the Executive Directors,
                                                                          with a cascade throughout the organisation.
2022 remuneration
The Committee reviewed base salary levels for both the CEO                In particular, the Committee also reviewed incentive arrangements
and CFO and determined that it was appropriate to award                   for the wider workforce in light of the Remuneration Policy review,
a 3% increase in line with the salary increase budget for our             and the changes to the LTIP performance measures will be applied
UK employee base and taking into account Group and individual             to all employees who also receive performance-based awards
performance. Salaries for 2022 are £1,008,000 and £721,000 for the        under the LTIP. The Committee also took wider workforce salary
CEO and CFO, respectively. The CEO’s salary remains towards the           increases into account when determining base salary increases
lower end of FTSE 30 market practice.                                     for the CEO and CFO as discussed above.

There are no changes to the bonus opportunity for the CEO and             We have been voluntarily paying the Living Wage to all employees
CFO, remaining at 120% and 100% of salary at target, respectively.        and on-site contractors within the UK for a number of years and
Performance measures and weightings for the 2022 annual bonus             have been formally accredited as a UK Living Wage Employer since
will be the same as for 2021. In line with prior years, the Committee     2020. Given the increasing global focus on living wage and the
has set the performance targets at a stretching level taking into         associated business, societal and wider economic benefits, we
account the internal business plan and external expectations. As in       are exploring how we could expand the Living Wage commitment
prior years, the Committee will carry out a thorough assessment of        across our wider global footprint. Consequently, we are developing
performance in the round taking into account a wide range of              our Sustainable Livelihood Framework (of which living wage is a
factors before determining bonus payouts.                                 component) to outline our approach and will be piloting it within
                                                                          selected factories in Thailand and India.
There are also no changes proposed to LTIP award levels for 2022,
which have been reviewed in light of share price performance,             Our all-employee share plans are key to fostering a culture of
Group performance and individual performance. Laxman                      ownership amongst our employees. We currently have 50% of
Narasimhan’s 2022 LTIP award will consist of 150,000 performance          our eligible global employees participating. These award-winning
share options and 75,000 performance shares and Jeff Carr’s               share plans give our people the opportunity to save in order to
award will be 80,000 performance share options and 40,000                 purchase Reckitt shares at a 20% discount to the share price at the
performance shares. These awards are expected to be made                  start of the period. In offering these plans, we make a conscious
following the AGM in May 2022. As described earlier in this letter,       effort to ensure that they are all inclusive and accessible to all
the Committee is proposing changes to the LTIP performance                colleagues. To facilitate this, we utilise a global network of around
measures and for the 2022 awards these will be LFL net revenue            100 local champions and provide communications in 28 languages
growth, ROCE, Relative TSR and ESG (split equally between                 in various formats, including letters to employees without an
two metrics).                                                             email address, desk drops, webinars, virtual drop-in sessions with
                                                                          specific contacts at each site for support. The annual enrolment
As disclosed in last year’s Remuneration Report it was the                period for our UK and global plans this year benefited from an
Committee’s intention to further review the Chair of the Board’s          enhanced and refreshed communication campaign which led to
fee during 2021 to ensure that the fee remains reflective of the          another successful launch and strong employee take-up.
enlarged scope of the role and time commitment over recent
years, as well as considering market practice. Having undertaken          As discussed in the Strategic Report our employment policies drive
this assessment, the fee for the Chair of the Board has been              gender equality in our teams. We have mentoring schemes for
increased by 10% to £627,000, effective from 1 January 2022.              female employees, gender-balanced shortlists and proportional
25% of the fee continues to be paid in shares. The new fee level          targets at senior management level. Additionally, we continue to
remains below the median of the FTSE 30.                                  review and monitor the gender pay gap of our workforce closely.
                                                                          To increase transparency on this issue, we have again voluntarily
During the year the Non-Executive Director (NED) fees have been           disclosed the gender pay gap for our ten largest markets by
reviewed taking into account the time commitment required to              workforce size in our 2021 report, which including the UK, make up
meet the scope and responsibilities of the roles, the increases           around 70% of our global permanent workforce. Further details of
given to the wider workforce and market practice. The basic NED           our gender pay gap are on page 178 of this report.
fee is being increased by 3% to £98,000, with effect from 1 January
2022. 25% of the fee continues to be paid in shares. There are no




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           153
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      We have also continued with several initiatives that were launched      Committee changes
      in 2020. These include the Stronger Together conversation series,       During the year Olivier Bohuon joined the Board and Remuneration
      a five-year commitment focusing on diversity and inclusion (D&I)        Committee, whilst Elane Stock stepped down from the Committee
      and belonging topics that matter most to our people, and the            – I would like to welcome Olivier to the Committee and also thank
      establishment of a D&I board comprising senior leaders and              Elane for her valuable contributions to the Committee during
      sponsors of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and chaired             her tenure.
      by the CEO, to lead the D&I strategic agenda across Reckitt.
                                                                              This will be my last Directors’ Remuneration Report as I will be
      In March 2021 we launched our global wellbeing programmes for           stepping down as Remuneration Committee Chair after the
      leaders at all levels in partnership with Hintsa and Tignum, global     AGM, although I will remain a member of the Committee. Upon
      leaders in this field. We have also provided a rich bank of resources   confirmation at the AGM, Alan Stewart will take over the role of
      for all employees to access, including global wellbeing sessions,       Remuneration Committee Chair. I would like to welcome Alan to
      focusing on balance, burnout and the importance of mental               the Committee and wish him well in his new role. I would like to
      energy attracting over 3,000 participants each time. In July 2021       thank my fellow Committee members during my tenure as Chair
      we launched a global employee pulse survey, focusing on                 for their insight and commitment and also shareholders for their
      understanding our employee demographics and getting insights            feedback and active engagement on remuneration whilst I have
      on Leadership Behaviours and diversity topics.                          been Chair.

      Finally, as the designated NED for engagement with the company’s        Conclusion
      workforce I have had the same access to internal communications         I trust that you will find this report a clear account of the way in
      materials, channels and events, such as the Stronger Together           which the Committee implemented the current Remuneration
      conversations, as Reckitt employees and have been involved in           Policy during 2021 and of the Committee’s proposed new
      key conversations with the workforce allowing me to feed back           Remuneration Policy.
      employees’ views to the Remuneration Committee as well as the
                                                                              I look forward to your support as we put the new Policy to a
      Board. As set out in the Strategic Report, each year the company
                                                                              binding vote of shareholders at the upcoming AGM, as it continues
      holds several round-table discussions with employees and
                                                                              to drive the appropriate behaviours and performance to support
      organises site visits during which town hall meetings and smaller
                                                                              the Group’s business strategy and delivery of shareholder value.
      group discussions with our people take place.
                                                                              I will be available to answer any questions shareholders may have
      During the year we also communicated to the wider workforce             at the company’s AGM on 20 May 2022.
      details of how executive pay is set, its alignment with the
                                                                              Mary Harris
      company’s approach to the wider company pay policy and how
                                                                              Chair of the Remuneration Committee
      decisions are made by the Committee, giving employees the
                                                                              Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
      opportunity to ask any questions on these topics.
                                                                              13 April 2022
      Further information on wider workforce remuneration, and how
      this compares to the remuneration of our Executive Directors,
      is set out on pages 175 to 177.




154
Strategic Report                                                   Governance                                            Financial Statements




RECKITT’S REMUNERATION AT A GLANCE

As discussed in the Chair’s letter, Reckitt strives for leading global                          To reinforce our philosophy, the majority of the Executive Directors’
performance. Our management team is multinational, and we                                       remuneration packages are made up of variable at-risk pay, linked
compete for talent globally. Central to our remuneration philosophy                             to stretching targets that align with our strategy and shareholder
are the principles of pay for performance and shareholder, as well                              value creation, and are largely delivered in Reckitt shares.
as strategic, alignment. Combined with Reckitt’s Compass and                                    In addition, we have market-leading shareholding requirements
business model, these principles define how decisions are made,                                 for executives. This approach is cascaded throughout our
how people act and how we assess and reward them.                                               senior leadership.




     Context for remuneration at Reckitt
     Reckitt’s Compass                                                 Reckitt’s strategic priorities                    Reckitt’s remuneration philosophy
                       Put consumers
                                                                       • Rejuvenate Reckitt to deliver
                       and people first                                  shareholder value
                                                                       •   Restore organic top-line growth                              Pay for
                                                                                                                                     performance
                                                                       •   Achieve sustainable increased
     Build shared
                              Do the
                                               Seek out new                medium-term earnings growth
                           right thing.
       success                                 opportunities
                             Always.
                                                                       •   Maintain disciplined capital allocation
                                                                       •   Embed sustainability ambitions                     Strategic         Shareholder
                                                                                                                              alignment          alignment


                            Strive for
                           excellence




Combining Reckitt’s Compass, strategy and remuneration philosophy drives Reckitt’s remuneration principles

1. High proportion of variable pay                                                                                       2. Attract and retain the best
                                                                                                                         global talent
                           7%                          Fixed pay                                                         • Engage highly performance-driven
                                                                                                                            individuals
                                                       Annual bonus
                                                                                                                         •   Reflect global competitive practice
             31%                                       LTIP
                                   34% 26%                                                                                   across our industry peer group
                     CEO
                                                       Target 2022 package

      67%
                     35%                               Maximum 2022 package




Note: Value of the CEO’s target and maximum 2022 package. Target illustrates fixed remuneration, plus target
payout of annual bonus and threshold vesting of the LTIP. Maximum illustrates fixed remuneration, plus full payout
of the annual bonus and full vesting of the LTIP awards including 50% share price growth.


3. Market-leading share ownership policy                                                                                 4. Ensure alignment with strategy
                                                                                                                         across the business
                      In-employment shareholding                                 Post-employment                         • Alignment of performance metrics
                             requirement                                     shareholding requirement2                       with strategic priorities
                    Number of             Value of     % of 2021 Number of               Value of     % of 2021
                                                                                                                         •   Alignment across the business of
                       shares              shares1        salary    shares                shares1        salary
                                                                                                                             metrics and ownership
CEO                   200,000 £11,968,000                      1200%         100,000 £5,984,000            600%
CFO                   100,000 £5,984,000                       850%           50,000   £2,992,000          425%

1.   Based on the average closing share price in Q4 2021 of £59.84

2.   Reflecting 50% of in-employment shareholding requirement as a minimum




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                 155
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Summary of our proposed Remuneration Policy


      Element                 Key features of operation      How we will implement            Link to strategy                2022      2023      2024     2025    2026       2027
                              of proposed Policy             for 2022

      Salary, benefits        • Salary increases and         • 3% salary increase, in line    • To enable the total
      and pension               pension contribution           with wider workforce             package to support
                                set in context of            • Pension contribution of          recruitment and retention
                                wider workforce                10% of salary in line with
                              • Salaries and benefits          the wider workforce in
                                set competitively              the UK
                                against peers

      Annual bonus            • Target bonus of 120% of      • Targets set for net revenue    • To drive strong
      (APP)                     salary for CEO and 100%        and adjusted profit before       performance, with
                                                                                                                                                                  Deferred
                                for CFO                        income tax                       significant reward                     Cash APP
                                                                                                                                                                    APP
                              • One-third deferred into      • Threshold performance            for overachievement                      paid
                                                                                                                                                                   vests
                                awards over Reckitt            results in zero payout,          of annual targets
                                shares for three years         with maximum of                  linked to Reckitt’s
                              • Malus and clawback             3.57x target for truly           strategic priorities
                                provisions apply               exceptional performance        • Use of deferral
                                                               on both metrics                  for longer-term
                                                             • Assessment of                    shareholder alignment
                                                               performance in the round


      LTIP   Performance      • Three-year performance       • Targets set for LFL net        • To incentivise and reward
             shares and         period and two-year            revenue growth (40%              long-term performance
             performance        holding period                 weighting); ROCE (25%            and align the interests of                                                   Holding
                                                                                                                              Award                       Award
             share            • Malus and clawback             weighting); Relative TSR         Executive Directors with                                                     period
                                                                                                                             granted                      vests
             options            provisions apply until two     (25% weighting); ESG (10%        those of shareholders                                                         ends
                                years after vesting            weighting, split equally       • Two-year holding period
                              • Options have seven years       between two metrics)             for longer-term
                                to exercise post vesting     • Performance conditions           shareholder alignment
                                                               are applied to both
                                                               performance share options
                                                               and performance shares
                                                             • Remuneration Committee
                                                               assessment of
                                                               performance in the round

      Shareholding            • CEO: 200,000 shares          • Period of eight years from     • Promotes long-term
      requirements            • CFO: 100,000 shares            appointment to achieve           alignment with
                                                             • Two-year shareholding            shareholders
                                                               requirement post-              • Promotes focus on
                                                               departure                        management of
                                                                                                corporate risks




      Assessment of incentive outcomes
      The Committee thoroughly evaluates the performance of both the company and the Executive Directors in the round to assess whether
      the formulaic level of annual bonus payout and long-term incentive vesting are appropriate and justified. The Committee has formalised
      its approach to this assessment and the framework which it applied is illustrated below.



                                                             What is the formulaic outcome for APP and LTIP?
                         Committee to consider year-on-year change, whether this reflects performance trend and impact on the single figure outcome




                                                                                  Compare outcome with                  Consider any other
                                                                                        overall Group                 events and other input
         Consider the quality                  Compare outcome
                                                                                        performance                     E.g. Reputation/risk-                Consistency of
              of earnings                   against the shareholder
                                                                                      E.g. market share,               related, any change of                    outcomes
        Committee to review the                    experience
                                                                                         competitor                    accounting standards.                E.g. Compare with
         results to ensure they              Committee to consider
                                                                                       benchmarking,                 Draw on input from other                historical use of
         reflect the underlying               absolute and relative
                                                                                  sustainability, people and              Committees and                   discretion; consider
           performance and                   shareholder return over
                                                                                      culture, strategic              management functions               whether bonus and LTIP
           also consider any                the relevant periods, the
                                                                                       progress, wider                and consider the impact            outcomes are consistent
           exceptional items                dividend payment(s) etc.
                                                                                   stakeholder experience            of any external headwinds
                                                                                    and analyst feedback                     or tailwinds




                                                                       Final APP and LTIP outcomes
                                                 Committee to agree whether adjustments are required to formulaic results and
                                                       determine the final outcomes for APP payouts and LTIP vesting




156
Strategic Report                                                Governance                                                   Financial Statements




Pay outcomes for current Executive Directors in the year                               Executive Director shareholding
2021 fixed remuneration                                                                Reckitt operates a market-leading shareholding requirement
Base salary                                 Pension                                    with an eight-year timeframe for achievement and a two-year
                                                                                       post-employment holding period. The chart below illustrates
CEO                   CFO                   CEO                 CFO
                                                                                       the progress towards this of the Executive Directors.
£979,000              £700,000              10% of salary       10% of salary

                                                                                              Shareholding requirement
2021 variable remuneration                                                             CEO
Annual performance plan                                                                       Current shareholding                                           £5.4m 1

The performance outcome for the annual bonus was 91.3% of
                                                                                              Shareholding requirement
maximum in light of achievement against both metrics, which is in                      CFO
                                                                                              Current shareholding                        £2.5m 1
line with all other employees on the same Group-wide measures.
A third of the bonus is deferred, by way of an award over                                                                0    20,000 40,000 60,000 80,000 100,000 120,000 140,000 160,000 180,000 200,000

Reckitt shares.
          Base salary        Target          Multiplier            Delivery                 Shares held2                      Shares deferred from annual bonus3
                                                                                            2022 vesting4
                                                            Cash          Shares
CEO        £979,000          120%
                                               3.26         2/3            1/3         1.   Current shareholding value based on the average closing share price in Q4
CFO        £700,000          100%                                                           2021 of £59.84

                                                                                       2.   Includes shares owned outright and shares subject to post-vesting
                                                                                            holding restrictions
Long Term Incentive Plan
                                                                                       3.   This is the estimated number of shares awarded, after tax under the Deferred

          Performance                       Vesting as a                                    Bonus Plan, including those to be deferred from the 2021 annual bonus

             share      Performance         percentage                                 4.   For Laxman Narasimhan this is the number of shares vesting in May 2022 under
            options         shares          of maximum             Delivery                 the 2019 LTIP

                                                            Options       Shares

CEO        150,000        75,000              21.5%         32,250        16,125



2021 single figure
The single figure for 2021 is comprised of the elements in the
graph below.


CEO

CFO

£m    0          1           2          3         4         5         6            7

  Fixed remuneration             Annual bonus (cash)
  Annual bonus (shares)          LTIP




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                                                     157
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)




      REMUNERATION COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE

       Who’s on the   The Remuneration Committee is made up entirely of Non-Executive Directors who are appointed by the Board on the
       Committee      recommendation of the Nomination Committee. Membership of the Remuneration Committee during the year was as follows:
                      Mary Harris (Chair)      Chris Sinclair
                      Olivier Bohuon1          Elane Stock 2
                      Nicandro Durante
                      1.   Joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2021 and appointed onto the Remuneration Committee on the same date

                      2.   Stepped down from the Committee on 25 October 2021


       Our role       The Committee’s purpose is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibility by ensuring that the
                      Remuneration Policy and practices reward fairly and responsibly, are designed to support the strategy and long-term success
                      of the company, and take account of the generally accepted principles of good governance.
                      On behalf of, and subject to approval by, the Board of Directors, the Committee primarily:
                      • regularly reviews and provides feedback on the company’s overall remuneration strategy;
                      • in respect of the Chair of the Board, the Executive Directors and members of the Group Executive Committee, sets, reviews
                        and approves:
                           • remuneration policies, including annual bonuses and long-term incentives;
                           • individual remuneration arrangements;
                           • individual benefits including pension arrangements;
                           • terms and conditions of employment including the Executive Directors’ service agreements;
                           • participation in any of the company’s bonuses and LTIPs; and
                           • the targets and outcomes for any of the company’s performance-related bonuses and LTIPs.
                      • reviews wider workforce remuneration and related policies and the alignment of incentives and reward with culture, taking
                        these into account when setting the policy for Executive Director remuneration and when determining variable pay
                        outcomes;
                      • takes into account employees’ views on remuneration; and
                      • when determining Executive Director Remuneration Policy and practices, considers the Code requirements for clarity,
                        simplicity, risk mitigation, predictability, proportionality and alignment to culture.
                      The Executive Directors and the Chair of the Board are responsible for evaluating and making recommendations to the Board
                      of Directors on the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors.


       Meetings       During the year the Committee held five scheduled meetings. The attendance of members at meetings is set out in the table
                      on page 118. In addition, during the year the Committee considered ad-hoc topics between meetings.
                      The Chief Human Resources Officer was Secretary to the Committee throughout the year. Meetings were also attended by the
                      CEO, CFO, General Counsel & Company Secretary and the Group Head of Reward by invitation. Deloitte was the appointed
                      advisor to the Committee throughout the year.
                      Members of the Remuneration Committee and any person attending its meetings do not participate in any discussion or
                      decision on their own remuneration.




158
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




The table below summarises the key activities at the Committee’s meetings in 2021:
Meeting               Topic

 February 2021        • Reviewed performance to 2020 in respect of bonus outcomes and LTIP vesting
                      • Carried out assessment of wider performance of the company and Executive Directors
                      • Final approval of 2020 bonus payout
                      • Final approval of 2018-2020 LTIP vesting
                      • Confirmed the 2021 bonus performance targets
                      • Agreed 2021 LTIP award date, performance measures and weighting
                      • Reviewed feedback from shareholders
                      • Reviewed disclosures in the Directors’ Remuneration Report


 May 2021             • Discussed and agreed approach to the review of the 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Policy and wider workforce
                        remuneration arrangements
                      • Reviewed performance conditions used in bonus and LTIP
                      • Reviewed 2021 AGM voting and wider market trends
                      • Reviewed shareholder/proxy guidelines and UK best practice
                      • Approved 2021 LTIP measures, definitions and targets


 July 2021            • Thorough review of Remuneration Policy, including:
                        • Reviewed prior shareholder feedback on remuneration arrangements
                        • Discussed bonus and LTIP performance measures
                        • Reviewed framework for APP target setting
                      • Considered assessment of performance to date for 2021 bonus targets and LTIP
                      • Discussed principles for adjusting incentives for M&A activities


 September 2021       • Agreed initial proposals for the 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Policy, including performance measures and other
                        amendments to policy
                      • Determined approach to shareholder consultation
                      • Reviewed framework for target setting process and ‘performance in the round assessment’
                      • Approved principles for adjusting APP targets for M&A and assessed performance to date for 2021 APP
                      • Reviewed market data on remuneration packages for the Group Executive Committee
                      • Reviewed wider workforce remuneration arrangements
                      • Approved awards under the all-employee share plans for UK participants


 November 2021        • Reviewed feedback from shareholder consultation on the Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                      • Reviewed updates to shareholder guidelines and corporate governance
                      • Finalised proposals for the 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                      • Agreed changes to wider workforce remuneration arrangements as part of the Remuneration Policy review
                      • Determined 2022 remuneration packages for Executive Directors
                      • Determined 2022 remuneration packages for Group Executive Committee members
                      • Reviewed current shareholdings for senior employees with share ownership requirements
                      • Determined 2022 bonus targets
                      • Approved awards under all-employee share plans for participants outside the UK
                      • Approved revised Remuneration Committee terms of reference
                      • Reviewed Remuneration Committee effectiveness
                      • Considered assessment of performance to date for the 2021 bonus




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                  159
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)




      DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY

      This section of the report sets out the Remuneration Policy for             •   Granting LTIP awards as a fixed number of shares/options –
      Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors, which shareholders             this approach incentivises share price growth and is well
      will be asked to approve at the 2022 AGM on 20 May 2022 and, if                 understood across the organisation. It also mitigates the effect
      approved, will take effect from this date. Until this time, the Policy          of any potential ‘windfall gains’ due to share price falls and
      approved by shareholders on 9 May 2019 will continue to apply.                  subsequent recovery. There is a robust adjustment mechanism
                                                                                      in place – award levels are reviewed every year by the
      The Policy was developed over the course of the last year.
                                                                                      Committee taking into account the share price, company
      The Committee undertook a thorough review of remuneration
                                                                                      performance, individual performance, and the approach for
      arrangements with a particular focus on alignment to Reckitt’s
                                                                                      the wider employee population
      Purpose and Compass, as well as the forward-looking business
      strategy and priorities. Input was received from Remuneration               •   Post-employment shareholding requirement – Executive
      Committee members, the Chair of the Board, other Non-Executive                  Directors are required to hold the lower of 50% of their
      Directors and management (including the CEO, CFO, CHRO),                        shareholding requirement or their actual shareholding
      and other key stakeholders, whilst ensuring that conflicts of                   at departure, for a period of two years. The Committee
      interest were suitably mitigated. Input was also provided by the                is of the view that this is appropriate on the basis that the
      Committee’s appointed independent advisors throughout the                       in-employment requirements are market-leading amongst
      process. The Committee undertook an extensive consultation                      UK-listed companies (based on current share price levels the
      process with shareholders whilst developing the new Policy. The                 CEO’s shareholding requirement is c.1200% of salary). At 50%
      remuneration policies and practices across the whole of the Group,              of the in-employment requirement, the post-employment
      and market practice, both in the UK and against our global peers,               requirement is more stretching than almost all other UK-listed
      were also taken into account. The key features of our approach                  companies’ in-employment requirements and is more than
      were also assessed against the principles of clarity, simplicity,               the annual LTIP award
      risk management, predictability, proportionality and alignment              On this basis, the focus of the review of the Policy was on what
      to culture and as described on page 167.                                    we pay for. In particular, the Committee is keen to ensure that
      A significant number of changes were made to the remuneration               performance measures are aligned with our forward-looking
      framework as part of the previous Policy approved by shareholders           strategy and therefore is proposing the changes set out below.
      in 2019, including: i) a reduction in the maximum LTIP award limits;        The Committee has reviewed the annual bonus and LTIP
      ii) the introduction of bonus deferral, a holding period to all LTIP        performance measures, taking into account the views raised
      awards, and a post-employment shareholding requirement;                     by our shareholders in recent years and to ensure alignment with
      iii) alignment of pension arrangements to the wider workforce;              our strategy to rejuvenate sustainable growth. The Committee
      iv) expansion of malus and clawback terms to include corporate              is proposing to introduce Relative TSR into the LTIP scheme to
      failure; and v) the introduction of additional performance measures         directly align participants with the shareholder experience, as
      of net revenue and ROCE to LTIP awards.                                     well as ESG measures to align participants with our sustainability
      Following a comprehensive review, the Committee has concluded               ambitions. Taking into account shareholder feedback, we propose
      that the current Policy remains fit for purpose and supports the            to remove EPS and reduce the weighting on net revenue to ensure
      strategy of the Group to rejuvenate sustainable growth as well              that the weighting on ROCE remains the same once the ESG
      as our principles of ownership and pay for performance – and                measure has been introduced. Full details of the performance
      therefore only minor changes to the Policy are proposed.                    measures to be used going forwards are set out in the Annual
                                                                                  Report on Remuneration.
      The Committee considered the following areas of the current
      Policy (amongst others) when determining that the overall Policy            Again taking into account shareholder feedback, the Committee
      remains appropriate:                                                        has introduced a new, lower operational limit on the number of
                                                                                  performance share options and performance shares that can
      •   Annual bonus structure – the current bonus structure is aligned         granted to an Executive Director, under the LTIP which will not
          to the Group’s pay-for-performance culture, requiring                   be greater than 200,000 performance share options and 100,000
          outperformance of both metrics to achieve above-target                  performance shares. The previous limit of 300,000 performance
          outturns, and is well understood by participants. This approach         share options and 150,000 performance shares will remain in place
          is cascaded throughout the Group                                        for exceptional circumstances only and the Committee would
      •   Combination of performance shares and performance share                 consult with shareholders if it used this headroom.
          options – the LTIP structure strongly incentivises future share price
                                                                                  We are also proposing that, in line with typical market practice
          growth, providing strong alignment to the shareholder experience,
                                                                                  amongst UK-listed companies, dividend equivalents will accrue on
          whilst also requiring strong performance against stretching
                                                                                  performance share awards granted under the LTIP that ultimately
          targets. Unlike many other share option schemes, these are
                                                                                  vest subject to performance. These dividend equivalents will be
          performance share options and are subject to the same stretching
                                                                                  delivered in shares, in line with shareholder guidance. This change
          performance measures and targets as the performance shares,
                                                                                  does not apply to performance share options granted under the LTIP.
          in addition to the inherent requirement for the share price to
          increase, which ensures alignment with shareholder value creation



160
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




Executive Director Remuneration Policy Table
Fixed pay policy for Executive Directors

Component purpose and link to             Operation                                              Opportunity
strategy

 Base salary                              Base salaries are normally reviewed annually,          Salary increases for Executive Directors will not
 To enable the total package to           typically with effect from 1 January.                  normally exceed those of the wider workforce,
 support recruitment and retention        Salary levels/increases take account of a number       which take into account performance.
                                          of factors including (but not limited to):             Increases may be made above this level to take
                                          • salary increases awarded across the Group            account of individual circumstances, which may
                                            as a whole; and                                      include (but are not limited to):

                                          • individual performance.                              • Increase in the size or scope of the role or
                                                                                                   responsibilities
                                          The Committee also reviews market data for the
                                          FTSE 30 excluding financial services and also the      • Increase to reflect the individual’s development
                                          company’s remuneration peer group, comprising            and performance in the role – for example,
                                          international companies of a similar size and scope      where a new incumbent is appointed on a
                                          of operations.                                           below-market salary
                                                                                                 Salaries in respect of the year under review (and
                                                                                                 for the following year) are disclosed in the Annual
                                                                                                 Report on Remuneration.
                                                                                                 To avoid setting expectations of Executive
                                                                                                 Directors and other employees, no maximum salary
                                                                                                 is set under the Remuneration Policy.
                                                                                                 Where increases are awarded in excess of those
                                                                                                 to the wider employee population, the Committee
                                                                                                 will provide the rationale in the relevant year’s
                                                                                                 Annual Report on Remuneration.


 Pension                                  Executive Directors may receive contributions into     The maximum pension contribution or allowance
 To provide appropriate levels of         a defined contribution pension scheme, a cash          for Executive Directors will be in line with that
 retirement benefit                       allowance or a combination thereof.                    available to UK employees or to participants in the
                                          Base salary is the only element of remuneration        pension plan relevant to the country where they
                                          that is pensionable.                                   are employed, if different. For UK employees this
                                                                                                 is currently 10% of base salary.


 Benefits                                 Executive Directors receive benefits which consist     Whilst there is no maximum level of benefits
 To enable the total package to           primarily of the provision of a company car/           prescribed, they are generally set at an appropriate
 support recruitment and retention        allowance and healthcare, although the package         market-competitive level determined by
                                          can include other benefits that the Committee          the Committee.
                                          deems appropriate, for example, (but not limited       Benefits in respect of the year under review,
                                          to) the cost of legal fees or preparing tax returns    and participation in the all-employee Sharesave
                                          (including tax thereon). Benefits include the          Scheme, are disclosed in the Annual Report
                                          provision of a car and driver for business use,        on Remuneration.
                                          including travel from home to office, and any tax
                                          liability that may be due on this benefit.
                                          Relocation allowances and international transfer-
                                          related benefits may also be paid (including tax
                                          thereon), where required.
                                          Executive Directors are also eligible to participate
                                          in the all-employee Sharesave Scheme on the
                                          same basis as all employees.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 161
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Variable pay policy for Executive Directors

      Component purpose and         Operation                                 Opportunity                              Performance measures
      link to strategy

       Annual bonus                 Targets are set by the Committee          Target opportunity:                      Performance measures may
       To drive strong              at the start of the year. At the          • CEO: 120% of salary                    be a mix of financial and
       performance, with            end of the year, the Committee                                                     non-financial measures. For 2022
                                                                              • Other Executive Directors:
       significant reward for       determines the extent to which                                                     the bonus is based on 100%
                                                                                100% of salary
       overachievement of           these have been achieved.                                                          financial measures.
       annual targets                                                         Maximum opportunity:
                                    Performance is assessed on an annual                                               Financial performance will be
       Use of deferral for          basis, using a combination of the         • 3.57x target                           assessed against one or more
       longer-term                  payouts for performance against each      • CEO: 428% of salary                    key metrics of the business
       shareholder alignment        of the targets.                                                                    determined on an annual basis.
                                                                              • Other Executive Directors:
                                    At least one-third of bonus payouts are     357% of salary                         The weighting between different
                                    deferred into share awards (in the form                                            metrics will be determined
                                                                              Dividend equivalents accrue on
                                    of options or conditional awards) for a                                            each year according to
                                                                              deferred share awards during the
                                    period of three years.                                                             business priorities.
                                                                              deferral period.
                                    The Committee has discretion to adjust                                             For performance below
                                    the formulaic bonus outcomes both                                                  threshold, the bonus payout
                                    upwards and downwards (including to                                                will be nil.
                                    zero) to ensure alignment of pay with                                              Further details, including the
                                    performance, e.g. in the event                                                     performance measures for the
                                    performance is impacted by                                                         current financial year, are
                                    unforeseen circumstances outside of                                                disclosed in the Annual Report
                                    management control.                                                                on Remuneration.
                                    Annual bonuses and deferred bonus
                                    awards are subject to malus and
                                    clawback provisions.


       LTIP (performance            The LTIP comprises grants of              The Committee calibrates LTIP share      Vesting of the LTIP is subject
       share options and            performance share options and/or          and option grant sizes as a fixed        to continued employment
       performance                  performance share awards (based on        number to provide full alignment with    and the achievement of
       share awards)                a fixed number), which vest subject       investors, with a robust adjustment      stretching targets.
       To incentivise and reward    to the achievement of stretching          mechanism in place to ensure that the    Performance measures may be a
       long-term performance,       performance targets.                      value of an Executive Director’s total   mix of financial and non-financial
       and align the interests of   The LTIP has a performance period         remuneration is appropriate.             measures (including ESG). For
       Executive Directors with     of at least three years. Additionally,    The award size is determined by the      2022 the LTIP is based on 90%
       those of shareholders        there is normally a two-year holding      Committee taking into account            financial measures and 10% on
       Two-year holding period      period following the end of the           performance, the prevailing share        ESG measures.
       for longer-term              performance period.                       price, market data and our pay           Threshold performance will result
       shareholder alignment        The performance conditions are            positioning philosophy.                  in 20% of maximum vesting. The
                                    reviewed before each award                Notwithstanding the above, the           vesting level will increase on a
                                    cycle to ensure they remain               normal limit on the number of options    sliding scale from this threshold
                                    appropriately stretching.                 and shares that can be granted to an     to 100% vesting for stretch levels
                                    The Committee has discretion to adjust    individual in respect of any financial   of performance.
                                    the formulaic LTIP outcomes both          year will be 200,000 options and         Further details, including the
                                    upwards and downwards (including to       100,000 shares (and 300,000 options      performance targets attached to
                                    zero) to improve the alignment of pay     and 150,000 shares in exceptional        the LTIP in respect of each year,
                                    with value creation for shareholders      circumstances). Details of the LTIP      are disclosed in the Annual
                                    and to ensure the outcome is a fair       opportunity in respect of each year      Report on Remuneration.
                                    reflection of the performance of the      will be disclosed in the Annual Report
                                    company and the individual.               on Remuneration.

                                    Awards granted under the LTIP             Dividend equivalents may accrue on
                                    are also subject to malus and             performance share awards that vest.
                                    clawback provisions.                      Neither dividends nor dividend
                                                                              equivalents accrue on unvested or
                                                                              vested performance share options
                                                                              before they are exercised.


      Notes to the Policy Table
      Performance measure selection and approach to target setting
      The measures used under the annual bonus are selected to reflect the Group’s main priorities for any given financial year. With regard to the
      LTIP, the Committee regularly reviews the performance measures to ensure that they align well with the company’s strategy and with our
      shareholders’ interests. A combination of net revenue growth, ROCE, Relative TSR and ESG are considered the most appropriate 2022 LTIP
      performance measures for a number of reasons:




162
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                   Financial Statements




•   they are aligned to the company’s strategic priorities;             A formal post-employment shareholding requirement applies to
•   they combine a focus on top-line growth and profitability,          Executive Directors. They are required to hold the lower of 50%
    also capturing how efficient profit generation has been;            of their shareholding requirement or their actual shareholding
                                                                        at departure, for a period of two years. The Committee is of the
•   they provide well-recognised and accepted measures of the
                                                                        view that this is appropriate on the basis that the in-employment
    company’s underlying financial performance;
                                                                        requirements are market leading amongst UK-listed companies
•   they include focus on shareholder value creation;                   (based on current share price levels the CEO’s shareholding
•   they provide a link to our 2030 sustainability ambitions; and       requirement is c.1200% of salary). At 50% of the in-employment
•   they are measures that the plan participants can directly           requirement, the post-employment requirement is more stretching
    impact, and are easily measurable from time to time.                than almost all other UK-listed companies’ in-employment
                                                                        requirements and is more than the annual LTIP award.
Targets applying to the bonus and LTIP are reviewed annually,
based on a number of internal and external reference points.            The Committee retains discretion to amend the post-employment
Bonus targets take into account prevailing growth rates in Reckitt’s    shareholding requirement in exceptional circumstances
peer group, and as appropriate across the healthcare and/or FMCG        (for example, in the case of ill-health).
industries more broadly. LTIP targets reflect industry context,         Remuneration Policy for other employees
expectations of what will constitute performance at the top of          Reckitt’s approach to setting remuneration is consistent across
the peer group, and factors specific to the company.                    the Group, with consideration given to the level of experience,
The rules of the LTIP allow the Committee, to waive or change           responsibility, individual performance and remuneration paid for
performance conditions (including how performance is measured)          comparable roles in comparable companies.
in accordance with their terms or if anything happens which             The principles that apply to Executive Directors are cascaded
causes the company reasonably to consider it appropriate                to other employees. Approximately 16,000 employees are eligible
(including in contemplation of a corporate event), provided that        to participate in an annual bonus scheme with similar metrics to
any changed performance conditions will be no more difficult to         those used for the Executive Directors, in order to drive alignment
satisfy. The same principles apply to the annual bonus scheme.          and a focus on results. Opportunities and specific performance
Malus and clawback                                                      conditions vary by organisational level, with business area-specific
The Committee has the discretion to apply malus and/or clawback         metrics incorporated where appropriate. Senior managers who
in the event of the following circumstances in relation to awards       comprise c.600 employees are eligible to participate in the LTIP
under the annual bonus, Deferred Bonus Plan or the LTIP in the          with performance conditions the same as the Executive Directors,
circumstances set out in the relevant plan rules and award              although award sizes vary by organisational level. In addition, the
documentation which includes:                                           Group Leadership Team are also required to build up significant
                                                                        shareholdings in Reckitt. The current shareholding requirement
•   a material misstatement of the company’s financial results;         levels are between 10,000 and 50,000 shares which generally
•   gross misconduct by a participant (or serious misconduct in         represents between 2x to 6x base salary.
    relation to malus). This includes reputational damage as a result
                                                                        All UK employees are eligible to participate in the company’s
    of the misconduct;
                                                                        Sharesave plan on identical terms, with similar plans also operated
•   an erroneous calculation in assessing the number of shares          for employees working outside of the UK.
    subject to an award or the payout/vesting outcome; and/or
                                                                        Legacy arrangements and amendments to the Policy
•   corporate failure of the company.
                                                                        This Policy is intended to apply with effect from 20 May 2022,
In these circumstances, the Committee may adjust the amount of          subject to shareholder approval at the AGM.
cash bonus payable and/or operate clawback of the annual bonus
                                                                        The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration
for up to three previous years. Deferred bonus awards are subject
                                                                        payments and payments for loss of office (including exercising
to malus and clawback until the third anniversary of grant and the
                                                                        any discretions available to it in connection with such payments)
clawback period applicable to LTIP awards ends on the earlier of
                                                                        notwithstanding that they are not in line with the Policy set out in
(i) the second anniversary of the vesting date and (ii) the fifth
                                                                        this report where the terms of the payment were agreed (i) before
anniversary of the date of grant.
                                                                        the Policy came into effect (provided that the commitment to
Shareholder alignment                                                   make the payment complied with any applicable Remuneration
The Committee recognises the importance of aligning Executive           Policy of the company at the time it was agreed) or (ii) at a time
Directors’ and shareholders’ interests through executives building      when the relevant individual was not a Director of the company
up significant shareholdings in the company. Executive Directors        and, in the opinion of the Committee, the payment was not in
are expected to acquire a significant number of shares over a           consideration for the individual becoming a Director of the
period of eight years and retain these until retirement from the        company. For these purposes ‘payments’ includes the Committee
Board of Directors.                                                     satisfying awards of variable remuneration, and an award over
                                                                        shares is ‘agreed’ at the time the award is granted.
The shareholding requirement for the current CEO is 200,000
shares and for the current CFO is 100,000 shares. The shareholding      The Committee may make minor amendments to the Policy to
requirement for new Executive Directors will be determined at           aid its operation or implementation without seeking shareholder
the time of appointment, taking into account a number of factors,       approvals (e.g. for regulatory, exchange control, tax or
including (but not limited to) the LTIP award levels, share price       administrative purposes or to take account of a change in
at the time of appointment and market practice. Details of the          legislation) provided that any such change is not to the material
Executive Directors’ personal shareholdings will be provided in the     advantage of the Director.
Annual Report on Remuneration.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        163
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      In the event of a variation of capital in the company which impacts the value of a share, which may include, but is not limited to, a capitalisation
      or rights issue, consolidation, subdivision or reduction of capital, stock-split or demerger, then:

      •    the maximum number of share awards and options which may be granted under the LTIP may be adjusted to ensure that the overall
           maximum value of awards would be the same immediately before and after any such event; and
      •    the maximum number of shares subject to an award granted under the LTIP or the Deferred Bonus Plan, the option price (where applicable)
           and the identity of the company whose shares are subject to the award may be adjusted in accordance with the rules of the plan, as the
           Committee considers appropriate. The Committee can also, subject to the rules of the plan, require that awards are automatically
           exchanged for awards over shares in another company which are, in the opinion of the Committee, equivalent.

      Non-Executive Director remuneration
      Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements but are engaged on the basis of a letter of appointment. In line with the UK
      Corporate Governance Code (July 2018) guidelines, all Directors are subject to re-election annually at the AGM.

      It is the policy of the Board of Directors that Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in any of the company’s bonus, share
      option, long-term incentive or pension schemes. An element of the basic fee is, however, paid in Reckitt shares.

      Details of the policy on fees paid to our Non-Executive Directors are set out in the table below:
      Component and objective                    Approach of the company

          Fees (cash and shares)                 The fees paid to Non-Executive Directors are determined by the Board of Directors, with recommendations
          To attract and retain                  provided by the Chair of the Board and CEO. The fees of the Chair of the Board are determined by the
          Non-Executive Directors                Remuneration Committee.
          of the highest calibre with            Additional fees may be payable for acting as the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, as Chair and/or a
          broad commercial                       member of a Committee or for other additional responsibilities (including the Designated NED for engagement with
          experience relevant to                 the company’s workforce).
          the company
                                                 Fee levels may be reviewed annually, with any adjustments normally effective from 1 January. Fees are reviewed by
                                                 taking into account external advice on best practice and competitive levels, in particular at FTSE 30 companies. Time
                                                 commitment and responsibility are also taken into account when reviewing fees.
                                                 Chair of the Board and Non-Executive Director fees are normally delivered partly in cash and partly in Reckitt shares
                                                 or equivalent (e.g. ADRs) which must normally be held until retirement from the company. The fees paid to the Chair
                                                 of the Board and Non-Executive Directors in respect of the year under review (and for the following year), including
                                                 the split between cash and shares, are disclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration.
                                                 Aggregate fees are limited by the company’s Articles of Association. Travel and expenses for Non-Executive
                                                 Directors (including the Chair of the Board) are incurred in the normal course of business, for example, in relation to
                                                 attendance at Board and Committee meetings. The costs associated with these are all met by the company. The
                                                 company may also meet the costs (including tax thereon) of providing tax advice and tax return assistance for the
                                                 Chair of the Board and Non-Executive Directors.


      Scenarios of total remuneration
      The charts below provide an estimate of the potential future total remuneration for the Executive Directors. Four scenarios of potential
      outcomes are provided based on underlying assumptions shown in the notes to the chart. It should be noted that the LTIP awards granted
      in a year do not normally vest until on or after the date of the AGM which follows the end of the performance period.

      CEO                                                                                         CFO

      Minimum       100%   £1.2m                                                                  Minimum      100%   £0.8m

      Target        34%    35%   31%   £3.5m                                                      Target       38%    34%   27%   £2.1m

      Maximum1      11%    40%                 49%               £10.9m                           Maximum1     13%    41%                 46%               £6.3m

      Maximum2      7%     26%                 67%                             £16.7m             Maximum2     9%     27%                 64%                             £9.4m

                £0.0m                                                              £16.7m                  £0.0m                                                               £9.4m

           Long-term incentives           Annual bonus         Salary, pension and benefits


      1    Excluding share price growth                                                           The ‘Maximum including 50% share price growth’ scenario sets out fixed
      2    Including 50% share price growth                                                       remuneration, plus full maximum payout of the annual bonus, full vesting of the LTIP
                                                                                                  awards and 50% share price growth.
      Notes
      The scenarios in the chart above have been calculated on the following assumptions:         As LTIP awards are set as a fixed number of shares and options, the LTIP value is
                                                                                                  based on the number of shares and share options to be granted to the Executive
      The ‘Minimum’ scenario reflects base salary, pension and benefits (i.e. fixed
                                                                                                  Directors, in 2022. The value has been calculated assuming a share price at grant of
      remuneration), being the only elements of the Executive Directors’ remuneration
                                                                                                  £59.84. Under the disclosure requirements the first three scenarios above exclude
      package not linked to performance. This is based on the base salary and pension
                                                                                                  share price appreciation; share options have therefore been valued using a
      allowance as at 1 January 2022 and an illustrative value of the benefits, based on
                                                                                                  Black-Scholes option pricing model and assumptions aligned to the three-year
      amounts paid in 2021.
                                                                                                  performance period, at 10% of the assumed face value. The final scenario includes
      The ‘On-target’ scenario illustrates fixed remuneration as above, plus target payout        a 50% share price growth assumption, over the performance period, in line with
      of annual bonus and threshold vesting of the LTIP.                                          legislation. It should be noted that if the share price appreciation over the
      The ‘Maximum excluding 50% share price growth’ scenario sets out fixed remuneration,        performance period is greater than that assumed then the actual total
      plus full maximum payout of the annual bonus and full vesting of the LTIP awards.           remuneration may be more than that shown in the above charts.




164
Strategic Report                                  Governance                                     Financial Statements




External appointments                                                  Approach to recruitment remuneration
With the approval of the Board of Directors in each case, and          External appointment
subject to the overriding requirements of the company, Executive       In cases of hiring or appointing a new Executive Director from
Directors may accept external appointments as a Non-Executive          outside the company, the Remuneration Committee may make use
Director of another company and retain any fees received.              of all existing components of remuneration, as follows:

Consideration of conditions elsewhere in the company                   Component Approach
Across Reckitt, remuneration is reviewed regularly with the
                                                                        Base          The base salaries of new appointees will be
intention that all employees are paid appropriately in the context
                                                                        salary        determined by reference to relevant market data,
of their local market and given their role, experience and
                                                                                      experience and skills of the individual, internal
performance. The company seeks to promote and maintain good
                                                                                      relativities and their current basic salary. Where new
relations with employee representative bodies – including trade                       appointees have initial base salaries set below market,
unions and works councils – as part of its employee engagement                        or the previous incumbent’s salary, the shortfall may
strategy, and consults on matters affecting employees and                             be managed with phased increases subject to their
business performance as required in each case by law and                              development in the role.
regulation in the jurisdictions in which the company operates.
                                                                        Pension       The maximum pension contribution or allowance for
The company publishes annually to all employees details of
                                                                                      new appointees will be in line with that available to
executive remuneration and also invites employees to ask any                          UK employees or to participants in the pension plan
questions or provide any feedback they may have on the topic.                         relevant to the country where they are employed, if
As part of the recent review of remuneration arrangements and                         different. For UK employees this is currently 10% of
in the development of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy over the                     base salary.
past year, the Committee took into account the views of senior
management and other employees. The company commissioned                Benefits      New appointees will be eligible to receive benefits
external consultants to undertake detailed stakeholder interviews                     which may include (but are not limited to) the
with senior management on remuneration arrangements which                             provision of a car allowance, car and driver,
apply to them and their teams and, in addition, Reckitt operated                      healthcare and any necessary relocation expenses
focus groups with employees to understand views on the                                in line with the ongoing Remuneration Policy
                                                                                      (including tax thereon).
incentives. The Board also conducted formal Listening Sessions
with employees. Groups of colleagues with a wide range of
                                                                        Annual        The structure described in the Policy Table
backgrounds met in person and virtually with Board members to
                                                                        bonus         will apply to new appointees with the relevant
discuss topics such as inclusion, consumer focus, innovation and
                                                                                      maximum opportunity.
R&D, business transformation and sustainability.

The Committee reviews the overall pay framework of the Group            LTIP          New appointees will be granted awards under the
including internal relativities, gender pay and participation                         LTIP on the same terms as other executives, as
in all-employee share plans. The company encourages share                             described in the Policy Table. LTIP grants can take the
                                                                                      form of performance share awards, performance
ownership amongst employees and those who hold shares will
                                                                                      share options or a combination of the two.
be able to participate in the vote on the Directors’ Remuneration
Policy at the AGM.
                                                                       The overall limit of variable remuneration will be as set out in the
Consideration of shareholder views
                                                                       Policy Table, taking into account the maximum value of the annual
The Committee considers shareholder views received during the
                                                                       bonus and the maximum awards of options and share awards
year and at the Annual General Meeting each year, as well as
                                                                       under the LTIP.
guidance from shareholder representative bodies more broadly,
in shaping the Remuneration Policy. The Committee Chair speaks         The Committee may make an award in respect of a new
with many of the company’s largest shareholders on the subject of      appointment to ‘buy out’ incentive arrangements forfeited on
executive remuneration and the Committee is grateful for all of the    leaving a previous employer, including by utilising Listing Rule 9.4.2,
feedback which is provided. In developing this Policy, the company     i.e. over and above the approach outlined in the table above.
consulted with its major shareholders and amended its proposal         In doing so, the Committee will consider relevant factors
based on the feedback received. This included changes to the           including any performance conditions attached to these awards
peer group of companies to be used to measure Reckitt’s Relative       and the likelihood of those conditions being met, with the intention
TSR performance for the purposes of the LTIP. The majority of          that the value awarded would be no higher than the expected
shareholders are supportive of the company’s philosophy and            value of the forfeited arrangements and would be made on a
policy on remuneration, and the Committee will continue to keep        like-for-like basis.
its Remuneration Policy under regular review, to ensure it continues
                                                                       Internal promotion
to reinforce the company’s long-term strategy and aligns closely
                                                                       In cases of appointing a new Executive Director by way of internal
with shareholders’ interests. The Committee will continue to
                                                                       promotion, the policy will be consistent with that for external
consult our major shareholders before making any significant
                                                                       appointees, as detailed above; except that where an individual
changes to our Remuneration Policy.
                                                                       has contractual commitments made prior to their promotion to
                                                                       Executive Director level, the company will continue to honour
                                                                       these arrangements even in instances where they would not
                                                                       otherwise be consistent with the prevailing Directors’
                                                                       Remuneration Policy at the time of appointment.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          165
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Recruitment of a new Non-Executive Director
      In recruiting a new Non-Executive Director, the Remuneration Committee will use the policy as set out in the table on page 164. A base fee
      in line with the prevailing fee schedule will be payable for membership of the Board of Directors, with additional fees payable for acting
      as Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, as Chair or member of a Committee, or for other additional responsibilities (including the
      Designated NED for engagement with the company’s workforce). Fees will normally be delivered partly in cash and partly in Reckitt shares
      to be held until retirement from the company.

      The fee for a new Non-Executive Chair of the Board will be set with reference to the time commitment and other requirements of the role
      and the experience of the candidate. To provide context for this decision, appropriate market data would also be referenced.

      Service contracts and exit payment policy
      Executive Director service contracts, including arrangements for early termination, are carefully considered by the Committee. In accordance
      with general market practice, each of the Executive Directors has a rolling service contract which is terminable on 12 months’ notice and this
      practice will also apply for any new Executive Directors. In such an event, the compensation commitments in respect of their contracts could
      amount to up to one year’s remuneration based on base salary and benefits in kind, and pension rights, during the notice period. Termination
      payments may take the form of payments in lieu of notice. Copies of Executive Director service contracts are available to view at the
      company’s registered office.

      The Committee may agree exit payments in connection with a Director’s cessation of office or employment where the payments are made
      in good faith in discharge of an existing legal obligation (or by way of damages for breach of such an obligation) or in settlement of any claim
      arising in connection with the cessation of a Director’s office or employment. This may include the provision of outplacement support. The
      Group may also pay reasonable fees for a departing Director to obtain independent legal advice in relation to their termination arrangements
      and nominal consideration for any agreement to any contractual terms protecting the company’s rights following termination.

      The company’s policy on any termination payments is to consider the circumstances on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the relevant
      contractual terms in the executive’s service contract and the circumstances of the termination. The table overleaf summarises how awards
      under the annual bonus (including deferred bonus awards) and LTIP are typically treated in specific circumstances, with the final treatment
      remaining subject to the Committee’s discretion as provided under the rules of the plan.
      Reason for cessation                    Timing of vesting/payment                    Calculation of vesting/payment

       Annual bonus
       Voluntary resignation or termination   Not applicable.                              No bonus to be paid for the financial year.
       with ‘cause’


       All other circumstances                Following the end of financial year.         Bonuses will be paid only to the extent that objectives set
                                                                                           at the beginning of the plan year have been met. Any such
                                                                                           bonus will normally be paid on a pro-rata basis up to the
                                                                                           termination date and will be subject to deferral requirements
                                                                                           where applicable.


       Deferred bonus share awards
       Voluntary resignation or termination   Not applicable.                              Unvested awards lapse, unless the Committee, at its
       with ‘cause’                                                                        discretion, decides otherwise.


       All other circumstances                Subject to the original time horizons,       Shares vest in full.
                                              unless the Committee, at its discretion,
                                              decides these will vest on cessation
                                              of employment.


       LTIP
       Voluntary resignation or termination   Not applicable.                              Unvested awards lapse. From the 2022 LTIP award, vested
       with ‘cause’                                                                        but unexercised options lapse. Vested share awards and
                                                                                           the resultant shares from vested and exercised share
                                                                                           option awards in the holding period after the end of the
                                                                                           performance period are retained, with the holding period
                                                                                           continuing to apply (unless the Committee decides that they
                                                                                           will be released early), save that they will lapse if the holder
                                                                                           is summarily dismissed.




166
Strategic Report                                         Governance                                             Financial Statements




Reason for cessation                         Timing of vesting/payment                        Calculation of vesting/payment

 Ill-health, injury, permanent disability,   Awards will vest in line with the original       The Committee determines whether and to what extent
 retirement with the agreement of            performance, vesting and holding periods         outstanding awards vest based on the extent to which
 the company, the participant’s              (unless the Committee decides that they          performance conditions have been achieved and the
 employing entity ceasing to be              will be released early, in the case of awards    proportion of the performance period worked.
 under the control of the company,           in the holding period).                          In the event of an employee leaving the Group due to
 transfer of the undertaking in which                                                         ceasing to be under the control of the company, transfer
 the participant works outside the                                                            of undertaking, or change of capital structure, such as
 Group, redundancy or any other                                                               demerger, IPO, etc., the Committee will retain the discretion
 reason that the Committee                                                                    for awards to be exchanged for new equivalent awards in
 determines in its absolute discretion.                                                       the new company, where appropriate and permitted by the
                                                                                              rules of the LTIP.


 Death                                       As soon as practicable after date of death       Performance conditions will be measured at the end of
                                             (which could be at the end of the relevant       the financial year in which the holder dies, and awards may
                                             financial year). No holding period will apply.   be reduced to reflect the proportion of the performance
                                                                                              period worked.


 Change of control                           On change of control.                            Awards will vest to the extent that any performance
                                                                                              conditions have been satisfied (unless the Committee
                                                                                              determines that the performance conditions should not apply).
                                                                                              Awards will also be reduced pro rata to take into account the
                                                                                              proportion of the performance period not completed, unless
                                                                                              the Committee decides otherwise.
                                                                                              Awards may alternatively be exchanged for new equivalent
                                                                                              awards in the acquirer or another company where appropriate.


Reckitt’s Remuneration Policy and the Corporate Governance Code
Reckitt’s Remuneration Policy reflects the philosophy of pay for performance, shareholder alignment and strategic alignment over the short,
medium and long term. The current full Policy was approved by shareholders at the AGM on 9 May 2019 and can be found in the 2018 Directors’
Remuneration Report, including notes, on pages 98 to 106. It is also available on our website in the Corporate Governance section.

When determining the new Policy, provision 40 of the UK Corporate Governance Code was taken into account as follows:


 Clarity              Arrangements are transparent, and reflect shareholder alignment and Reckitt’s strategic priorities, thereby effectively engaging
                      with the wider workforce and shareholders. The Committee consulted with shareholders as part of the design phase of the
                      Policy and communicated to the wider workforce details of how executive pay is set, its alignment with the company’s approach
                      to the wider pay policy, and how decisions are made by the Committee; it also gave employees the opportunity to ask any
                      questions on these topics.


 Simplicity           The Policy is simple and clear, comprising fixed pay, such as salary and benefits, pension schemes that are offered to most of the
                      workforce, plus variable pay which incorporates the annual bonus, LTIP (performance share options and performance share
                      awards), and a clear Share Ownership Policy for senior members of the business. Variable pay is set against financial targets to
                      incentivise short- and long-term financial performance and alignment with shareholders.


 Risk                 The malus and clawback provisions which apply to annual bonus and LTIP awards encourage the right behaviours, which lead to
                      long-term shareholder alignment and sustained value creation. The Committee has discretion to adjust the formulaic bonus and
                      LTIP outcomes both upwards and downwards.


 Predictability       The total of fixed pay and variable pay (target and maximum) illustrated in the scenarios of total remuneration in our Policy
                      provide an estimate of the potential future remuneration of the Executive Directors, including the total remuneration if a 50%
                      share price growth is achieved.


 Proportionality      There is a clear link between pay for performance and business strategy, with stretching financial targets applied to annual
                      bonus payouts and LTIP vesting.


 Alignment            Financial targets apply to the annual bonus and LTIP awards across the wider workforce to drive business performance. These
 to culture           targets are reviewed on an annual basis. Malus and clawback provisions apply to annual bonus and LTIP, and together with
                      deferred annual bonus, holding periods and share ownership for the Executive Directors (and any other relevant senior
                      employees), drive the right behaviours expected within Reckitt. The remuneration arrangements of the wider workforce
                      reinforce employee engagement.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                       167
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)




      ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION

      The rest of this report sets out how we have implemented the previous shareholder-approved Remuneration Policy in 2021, and how we
      intend to implement the revised Policy in 2022, subject to shareholder approval of the revised Policy. It also provides detail of the remuneration
      decisions in relation to the impact of the management of the portfolio over 2021.


      2021 PERFORMANCE AND REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
      In reviewing Executive Director remuneration, the Remuneration Committee took into account remuneration decisions for the wider workforce
      and individual performance of the Directors. The Committee also reviewed market practice, primarily against the FTSE 30 (excluding financial
      services companies), and took into account an international remuneration peer group, comprising 21 companies as set out below. The latter
      peer group is the same group used to benchmark remuneration of senior managers across the company. The companies included are Abbott
      Laboratories, Bayer, Campbell Soup, Church and Dwight, Clorox, Coca-Cola, Colgate, Danone, GSK, Henkel, Johnson & Johnson, Kellogg,
      Kimberly-Clark, Kraft Heinz, Nestlé, Novartis, PepsiCo, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Sanofi and Unilever.

      Base salary
      Base salaries are reviewed taking into account the salary increases for the wider workforce and individual performance. During 2021, the
      Remuneration Committee reviewed salaries and determined that there would be a 3% salary increase for the CEO and CFO in 2022, taking into
      account Group and individual performance, in line with the salary increase budget for the UK wider workforce. The CEO’s salary remains
      towards the lower end of FTSE 30 market practice.

      The table below sets out annual base salaries with effect from 1 January 2022:
                                                                                 Annual base salary           Annual base salary          Percentage
      Executive Director                                                                      2021           from 1 January 2022             increase
      Laxman Narasimhan                                                                    £979,000                  £1,008,000                    3%
      Jeff Carr                                                                            £700,000                    £721,000                    3%

      Annual bonus in respect of 2021 performance
      Executive Director 2021 bonus opportunity
      In line with the Remuneration Policy, the CEO and the CFO had target bonus opportunities of 120% of salary and 100% of salary, respectively.
      Actual payments can range from zero to 3.57x target depending on performance against the stretching performance ranges as follows:

      •   For each performance measure a range is set
      •   A performance multiplier is calculated for each measure, calculated by the extent to which the performance for that measure is achieved.
          These multipliers can be up to 1.89 for outperformance of the stretching range set by the Committee
      •   The two individual multipliers are then multiplied together to provide the total performance multiplier

           Net revenue            Adjusted profit                                        (Threshold = 0x
                                                                Performance
             multiplier       x before tax multiplier =                                   Target = 1.0x
                                                                 multiplier
           (up to 1.89x)            (up to 1.89x)                                          Max = 3.57x)


      •   The performance multiplier can range from zero for performance at threshold or below, to 3.57 for truly exceptional performance on both
          metrics (i.e. 1.89 x 1.89)
      •   This total performance multiplier is then applied to the target bonus opportunity to calculate the overall formulaic bonus outcome. This is
          different to usual UK market practice whereby performance measures are assessed independently and payment under one metric may
          result in payout regardless of performance in other metrics. In Reckitt the two measures combine to give the resultant payout

                                                                                            Delivery
                                                                                       Cash        Shares

           Performance                   Target                    Final
                              x                          =                              2/3    +       1/3
            multiplier                   bonus                 bonus outcome


      •   The effect of the multiplicative approach means that a high‑performance multiplier can only be achieved for outperformance on both
          top-line and bottom-line performance
      •   Similarly, underperformance in one of the performance metrics will reduce the overall bonus payout, even in the case of outperformance
          of the other




168
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                       Financial Statements




•   For example, if we grow net revenue above the stretching          The chart below illustrates this performance compared to
    requirement for maximum performance but fail to meet the          the targets.
    profit threshold, the bonus payout will be zero (i.e. 1.89 x 0)
                                                                      Performance      Threshold                                            Maximum
•   One-third of any APP is deferred into an award over Reckitt       Measure          (zero bonus)                                    (3.57 x target) Actual

    shares, to strengthen alignment with shareholders                 Net revenue      £13.22bn                            £13.95bn           £14.06bn     1.77x

2021 performance targets                                              Adjusted
                                                                      profit before    £2.58bn                                 £2.84bn         £2.85bn     1.84x
The Remuneration Committee set targets for the Executive              income tax
Directors at the beginning of the 2021 financial year. These were
                                                                           Achieved
based on net revenue and adjusted profit before income tax
targets, both measured in GBP at a constant exchange rate.            As illustrated above, 2021 net revenue and adjusted profit
They were primarily based on the business plan at the time,           before income tax both approached the maximum level of the
with reference also being made to external expectations of            performance ranges set for the 2021 annual bonus resulting in a
performance and market practice of companies in a similar             formulaic bonus multiplier of 3.26x of target (91.3% of maximum).
stage of the business cycle to Reckitt and to the change in
                                                                      These results reflect the strong 2021 performance ahead of
business strategy.
                                                                      expectations, the strengthened portfolio and strong momentum.
During the year, the active management of the portfolio saw a 9%      For example, brands less sensitive to COVID-19 dynamics,
portfolio turnover, including the strategic disposal of IFCN China    representing c.70% of the portfolio grew, on average by mid-single
and Scholl and the acquisition of Biofreeze – a major step forward    digits in each quarter of 2021. We are firmly on track with our
in our strategy to rejuvenate sustainable growth. This activity       transformation programme to achieve our target of mid-single
to strengthen the portfolio has meant that the targets set at         digits net revenue growth and adjusted operating margins in the
the beginning under the APP needed to be reviewed to ensure           mid-20s by the mid-2020s.
they remained appropriate. In line with our current shareholder-
                                                                      Overall Group performance taken into consideration
approved Remuneration Policy and shareholder views on adjusting
                                                                      As it does every year, the Committee thoroughly evaluated the
targets, the APP targets were adjusted where needed to ensure
                                                                      performance of both the Group and the Executive Directors in
that participants are no better or worse off and in line with
                                                                      the round to assess whether the level of annual bonus payout
shareholder expectations.
                                                                      is both appropriate and justified. The framework that the
The Committee resolved to include the performance of disposed         Committee applies is set out on page 156 and more details
assets within the performance of the year assessment until the        are set out overleaf.
closing date of sale. In order to ensure we assessed performance
                                                                      Competitor performance
on a fair and consistent basis the targets were adjusted to include
                                                                      Top-line performance significantly better than peers
performance of disposed assets to the date of sale and exclude
them for the period of the year that Reckitt no longer owned          Reckitt (ex. IFCN China)                                        13.9%     3.5% 17.4%*
them. In respect of acquisitions, we included the performance
from the closing date of acquisition and also increased the targets   Peer group average 1                  5.2%    3.3% 8.5%*

accordingly. The Committee considers that these revised targets                                    0% 2% 4% 6% 8% 10% 12% 14% 16% 18% 20%
maintain the same levels of stretch and that participants were no
worse or better off.                                                         2020 growth              2021 growth      *2-year stacked growth

                                                                      1.   Peer group data based on latest data publicly available for FY 2021.
2021 financial performance against APP targets
                                                                           Where this data was not available, comparison is based on latest results
As stated earlier in the Annual Report, 2021 marked a year of              covering Q3 2021 or later
growth ahead of expectations and a strong year in terms of
                                                                      Portfolio performance and mid-single-digit growth


                                                                      c.70%
revenue. LFL net revenue growth was 3.5%, outperforming market
expectations of approximately -0.4% at the time targets were
                                                                                           of portfolio* already growing at >5%
set, and building on the outstanding growth of last year gives a
two-year stacked growth of 17.4%, significantly ahead of the peer
                                                                      *    Excluding brands more impacted by COVID-19 – Lysol, Dettol and
group average. For the purpose of annual bonus calculations, after
                                                                           cold and flu brands
the adjustments for the acquisitions and disposals, net revenue
growth was 2.2% to £13.95 billion (on a constant foreign exchange     Adjusted operating margin ahead of peers
basis). This strong year reflects market share growth with 62% of
                                                                      Reckitt (ex. IFCN China)                                                     22.9%
our core CMUs holding or gaining share.
                                                                      Peer group average     1
                                                                                                            20.9%
For 2021, operating margin (excluding IFCN China) was 22.9%,
in line with guidance, resulting in the bonus metric of adjusted                                  20.0%            21.0%               22.0%             23.0%
profit before income tax (on a constant foreign exchange basis)       1.   Peer group data based on latest data publicly available for FY 2021.
of £2.84 billion which reflects performance towards the top end            Where this data was not available, comparison is based on latest results
                                                                           covering Q3 2021 or later
of the target range set by the Committee at the start of the year.
                                                                      Strong market share performance


                                                                      +62%                of core CMUs holding/gaining share




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                            169
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      The Remuneration Committee also reviewed the progress on delivery of the strategy and wider people, culture and sustainability, a summary
      of which is provided below.
      Strategic delivery                             People and culture                                  Sustainability

       • Strong progress in repositioning            • Significant focus on embedding Diversity          • Launch of our Sustainability Ambitions,
         our business towards higher growth:           and Inclusion:                                      ‘ For a Cleaner, Healthier World’:
         We entered the important US analgesic         • Since launching our five-year                     • Launched in March 2021, this sets out our
         market with the acquisition of the high         commitment in June 2020, the Stronger               2030 ambitions and is backed by more than
         growth Biofreeze business, whilst               Together conversation series has                    £1 billion of planned investment over the
         divesting our lower growth businesses,          continued to create opportunities for               next ten years to ensure we meet our goals
         of IFCN China, Argentina, Scholl                sharing inspiring and challenging stories         • Achieved 66% reduction in absolute carbon
         and E45. Approximately 9% of the                from our colleagues across the world.               in operations since 2015, 100% renewable
         portfolio repositioned                          Seven live global events in 2021 reached            electricity purchased for our manufacturing
       • Strong market share performance:                almost 30,000 people                                operations and 24.9% of 2021 net revenue
         62% of our Core Category Market Units         • Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are                 from more sustainable products
         (CMUs), held or gained share                    employee networks that aim to raise               • Ongoing development of our Sustainable
       • New corporate brand launched in                 the profile of underrepresented people.             Innovation Calculator, now used in each
         March 2021: Reflects our refreshed              Three global ERGs have all made progress            GBU’s product innovation programme
         outlook and Purpose. The                        in their respective areas with a focus on           to enable more sustainable products in
         redevelopment of the corporate identity         gender balance, the LGBTQ+ community,               the future
         from RB to Reckitt is a key milestone for       and race and ethnicity. The ERGs are
                                                                                                         • Sustained commitments to aid programmes:
         the company’s ongoing journey of                represented on the Global Inclusion
                                                                                                           Including investments worth over £38 million
         transformation towards sustainable              Board and provide input on consumer
                                                                                                           via the Reckitt Fight for Access Fund and
         growth and reflects our renewed                 perspectives which informs our
                                                                                                           distributing 24 million products to worthy causes
         Purpose and strategy. The new brand is          innovation process
                                                                                                           such as the Red Cross with 3.4 million people
         built on how stakeholders recognise the       • Initiated the Conscious Inclusion                 across 50 countries measurably impacted by our
         brand; it is more powerful, consistent,         programme in order to promote the                 social impact work
         and impactful. The launch saw high              benefits of conscious inclusion. Almost
         levels of engagement across all                                                                 • Hygiene partner of the United Nations COP26
                                                         90% of our senior managers have
         stakeholder groups, and was met by                                                                conference: Partnered to deliver a safe
                                                         attended these sessions so far
         almost universal acclaim                                                                          conference that furthered climate action.
                                                     • Focus on employee wellbeing:                        Co-authored a white paper with EcoHealth
       • Drove new business and channels:
                                                       • All through the pandemic we have                  Alliance and the London School of Hygiene and
         Our Global Business Solutions (GBS)
                                                         focussed on ‘Doing the right thing’ and           Tropical Medicine, setting out the risks to human
         has further developed its channel
                                                         ‘Putting our Consumers and People first’.         health of unabated climate change and presented
         and geographic footprint through
                                                         In every country we took necessary                recommendations to address these potentially
         partnerships with operators such as
                                                         steps to help our colleagues with                 existential threats
         Diversey. E-commerce net revenue,
                                                         the consequences of the pandemic                • Strengthened sustainable sourcing activity,
         excluding IFCN China, grew by 17% in
                                                         (e.g. facilitating vaccination drives in many     supporting more sustainable livelihoods and
         2021, resulting in a two-year stacked
                                                         emerging markets, EAP support etc.)               working conditions for our suppliers: Focus on
         growth of 85% and now accounts for
         12% of group net revenue                      • In March 2021 we launched our global              key ingredients including palm oil and latex
                                                         wellbeing programmes for leaders at all           through various initiatives, and collaboration
       • Improvement in regulatory capability:
                                                         levels in partnership with global leaders in      with, for example, Consumer Goods Forum
         Our regulatory capability has improved in
                                                         this field. Together, we delivered bespoke        members and our own partner, Earthworm
         both the quality and the speed with
                                                         wellbeing resources including one-to-one          Foundation, on landscape programmes; initiated
         which we operate. Our innovation
                                                         and group performance coaching,                   certification of latex through the Fair Rubber
         pipeline value is 50% higher than the
                                                         training, social learning events and access       Association and currently working with
         previous year and our investment in
                                                         to resources via digital apps                     plantations in Malaysia and smallholder farmers
         digital has driven continued high growth
                                                       • Embedded our hybrid working model,                in Thailand to certify latex production, protect
         in our e-commerce platforms
                                                         taking into consideration direct feedback         ecosystems and support sustainable livelihoods
       • Stronger R&D function: We launched                                                                and communities
                                                         received from our employees through
         the Innovation Council to harmonise
                                                         surveys. Launched our ‘Future of Work’          • Early signatory and the first consumer
         innovation across each GBU, market and
                                                         approach, providing greater flexibility and       packaged goods company to join Amazon’s
         functions including Marketing, R&D and
                                                         creating a seamless, inclusive and                Climate Pledge: This commits us to net-zero
         Supply. The Global R&D function now
                                                         consistent experience in a hybrid world.          emissions by 2040. We now sell over 60
         includes Regulatory, Global Safety
                                                         Our approach is underpinned by the 4 Cs           products which are labelled as Climate Pledge
         Assurance (GSA) and Operational
                                                         – Connect, Create, Coach and Collaborate          Friendly on Amazon
         Excellence, driving greater partnerships
                                                         – which will help to guide choices around       • External benchmarks of progress: Reckitt
         and operational efficiencies. Frontline
                                                         where employees work                              retained its position in the FTSE4Good Index
         resources have been deployed in-market
         to drive proximity to consumers             • Rolled out Leadership Behaviours: These             with ongoing delivery through our ESG agenda
                                                       behaviours are a key part of our leadership         and Sustainability Ambitions, coupled with
                                                       development programme and annual review             transparent reporting of our progress and
                                                       process. In the June 2021 Glint survey,             systems. We re-joined the Dow Jones
                                                       colleagues scored leadership highly in all          Sustainability Index and were also awarded
                                                       categories. The highest scores registered           a Gold Class 2022 Sustainability Award from
                                                       were for decisiveness, purpose and                  S&P Global. We have an improved MSCI ESG
                                                       speaking direct with respect and over 75%           rating from A to AA, and a Sustainalytics score
                                                       of employees feel a positive impact of              at 22.9, positioning Reckitt in the top 15% of our
                                                       Leadership Behaviours launched in 2021              industry group


170
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                            Financial Statements




Decision on 2021 bonus outcomes
Taking into account the very strong year of financial performance, ahead of expectations, the management to strengthen the portfolio and
the wider assessment of performance as described above, which sees the transformation firmly on track, the Committee concluded that
the formulaic APP payout based on performance against targets is justified and no discretion will be applied.

Under the Remuneration Policy, one-third of the annual bonus will be delivered by way of an award over Reckitt shares and deferred for
a three-year period. The bonuses are as follows:
                                                  Target            Performance                  Total                               Deferred into
                       Base salary        x       bonus         x      multiplier       =       bonus          =            Cash           shares
Laxman Narasimhan         £979,000        x        120%         x           3.26        =   £3,829,848         =      £2,553,232        £1,276,616
Jeff Carr                £700,000         x        100%         x           3.26        =   £2,282,000         =       £1,521,333        £760,667

Vesting of the 2019 LTIP – performance versus targets
The Reckitt LTIP is designed to align participants with shareholders through making awards with stretching performance conditions
denominated in both performance share options and performance share awards. The 2019 LTIP awards were made following the approval of
the Group’s Remuneration Policy in May 2019. The award was made to Laxman Narasimhan on 5 August 2019. Jeff Carr was not with the Group
at the time these awards were made.

2019 performance targets
Vesting of awards under the 2019 LTIP was dependent on the performance conditions set out in the table below.
                                                                                                                      Threshold      Maximum
                                                                                                                   (20% vesting) (100% vesting)
EPS growth (3-year CAGR)
(50% weighting – 25% actual FX; 25% constant FX)                                                                                4%             9%
LFL net revenue growth (3-year CAGR)
(25% weighting)                                                                                                                 2%             6%
ROCE (final year)
(25% weighting)                                                                                                             10.8%           12.8%

The performance assessment is provided below:

Assessment of performance versus targets
As discussed under the ‘Remuneration decisions in relation to portfolio management’ section of the Chair’s letter, the Remuneration
Committee decided that for the 2019-2021 LTIP award, given the timing of the IFCN China sale is such that it was under the Group’s ownership
for most of the performance period, no adjustments were to be made to the LTIP targets set at the start of the performance period.

For the portion of the LTIP awards subject to ROCE performance, as stated in our 2018 Annual Report, ROCE is measured in the final year of the
performance period and is measured using the same principles as the ROCE figure disclosed elsewhere in the Annual Report, other than the
fact that ROCE for LTIP purposes is measured on a constant currency basis. This is on a consistent basis in line with the definition agreed when
targets were set. This means that capital employed has been calculated on a monthly average basis including IFCN China for the period of
ownership by Reckitt of January through to August 2021. IFCN China is also included in the adjusted operating profit after tax for the whole
period of ownership ensuring that the numerator and denominator of the ROCE calculation are on a consistent basis.

Similarly, no adjustments have been made to targets for the adverse impact on ROCE of other acquisitions and disposals, e.g. the acquisition of
Biofreeze or the sale of Scholl. Finally, as disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report, we have ensured that the goodwill impairment in respect of IFCN
did not lead to an increase in vesting in respect of the proportion of the LTIP related to ROCE by adjusting the capital employed accordingly.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              171
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      The chart below illustrates performance compared to the targets. As set out below, the strong LFL net revenue growth over the three-year
      performance period results in 21.5% vesting in respect of this element of the award. The remainder of the award related to EPS growth and
      ROCE will not vest as performance was below the stretching targets set.

                                                                               Threshold                                                                 Maximum                   Vesting
      Performance measure                                                      (20% vesting)                                                         (100% vesting)      (% of total award)

      LFL net revenue growth CAGR
                                                                          2%                                                          5.3%                          6%                21.5%
      (25% weighting)

      EPS CAGR – actual FX
                                   -5.3%                                        4%                                                                                  9%                 0.0%
      (25% weighting)

      EPS CAGR – constant FX
                                                      -2.9%                     4%                                                                                  9%                 0.0%
      (25% weighting)

      ROCE (final year)
                                                             10.3%              10.8%                                                                          12.8%                   0.0%
      (25% weighting)


      Total vesting                                                                                                                                                                  21.5%

           Achieved

      Overall Group performance taken into consideration
      As it does every year, the Committee thoroughly evaluated the performance of both the Group and the Executive Directors in the round to
      assess whether the level of vesting under the LTIP is both appropriate and justified. The framework that the Committee applies is set out on
      page 156. The Committee took into account the progress on delivery of the strategy and wider people, culture and sustainability in 2021 as
      disclosed on page 170 of this report and over the performance period of the 2019 LTIP, as disclosed in previous Annual Reports as well as the
      shareholder experience.

      Delivery of shareholder value: £6,480 million of shareholder value generated
      Market capitalisation as at 1 January 2019 (£m)                                                                             42,542

      Shareholder value as at 31 December 2021 (£m)                                                                               42,542           2,766                    3,714

                                                              30,000      32,000        34,000      36,000   38,000     40,000     42,000      44,000      46,000        48,000     50,000


           Market capitalisation as at 1 January 2019 (£m)             Increase in market capitalisation          Dividends paid 2019 – 2021

      Decision on 2019 LTIP vesting outcome
      The Committee is satisfied that this outcome is aligned with the shareholder experience and the wider assessment of performance over the
      last three years and concluded that the overall vesting level is justified and appropriate in this context and that no discretion will be applied.

      Based on the performance assessment above, the 2019 LTIP award to the CEO will vest as detailed below. These awards did not accrue
      dividends during the vesting period.
                                                                                             Interests       Exercise                        Interests          Share        Estimated
                                                                                                  held          price     Vesting %            vesting          price 1           value
      CEO awards – Laxman Narasimhan
      Performance shares                                                                         75,000           n/a            21.5%          16,125         £59.84          £964,920
      Performance share options                                                                  150,000      £63.72             21.5%         32,250          £59.84                 £0

      1.   As the share price on the date of vesting is unknown at the time of reporting, the value is estimated using the average market value over the last quarter of 2021 of £59.84.
           The actual value at vesting will be disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report

      There is a further two-year holding period attached to Laxman Narasimhan’s LTIP award which means that vested performance shares (net of
      tax withholding) will not be released to the CEO until 1 January 2024, and the resultant shares (net of any tax withholding and the exercise cost
      as appropriate) from the exercise of any vested performance share options will not be released to Mr Narasimhan until 1 January 2024.




172
Strategic Report                                                 Governance                                                         Financial Statements




Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors (audited)
The table below sets out a single figure for the total remuneration received by each Executive Director for the year ended 31 December 2021,
based on the information set out in the previous sections. This is compared to the prior year figure:
                                                                                                                                         Executive Directors
                                                                                                                       Laxman Narasimhan                            Jeff Carr1
                                                                                                                             2021             2020                 2021            2020
                                                                                                                                £                £                    £               £
Base salary                                                                                                              979,000          950,000            700,000            494,545
Taxable benefit     2
                                                                                                                          95,322           251,689                16,756          12,201
Pension benefit 3                                                                                                         97,900            95,000            70,000             49,455
Annual bonus 4                                                                                                        3,829,848          4,069,800        2,282,000            1,765,526
LTIP5                                                                                                                   964,920                   n/a                n/a             n/a
Buyout arrangements         6
                                                                                                                                         3,067,845
Fixed remuneration                                                                                                     1,172,222         1,296,689           786,756             556,201
Variable remuneration                                                                                                 4,794,768          4,069,800        2,282,000            1,765,526
Total                                                                                                                 5,966,990         8,434,334         3,068,756            2,321,727

1.   Joined the Board and was appointed as CFO on 9 April 2020

2.   Benefits for Laxman Narasimhan in 2021 primarily consist of car, healthcare, and tax filing support as a result of his relocation. For Jeff Carr the benefits include car allowance
     and healthcare. Where relevant the costs above include a gross-up for tax

3.   The company paid the Executive Directors a cash allowance in respect of pension provision to the value shown in the table above. These payments reflect the full pension
     provision outlined in the Policy Table. Directors are only entitled to prospective pension on a defined contribution basis, with no defined benefit accrual

4.   Annual bonus reflects financial performance approaching the maximum level of the performance ranges set for the 2021 bonus; the Committee’s assessment of
     performance of both the company and the Executive Directors in the round; and the Committee’s determination of the level of annual bonus payout at 91.3% of the
     maximum level in line with the formulaic outcome is appropriate as set out on pages 168 to 171. One-third of this is deferred into share awards for three years

5.   Reflects the estimated value of LTIP performance share options and performance shares granted to Laxman Narasimhan in August 2019, which are due to vest on 20 May
     2022 at 21.5% of maximum. Valued using an average share price over Q4 2021 of £59.84. See the relevant section on pages 171 and 172 for more details. 0.2% is attributable
     to share price growth over the vesting period. The Committee did not apply discretion in determining the remuneration resulting from the 2019 LTIP vesting as a result of
     share price appreciation

6.   The buyout includes awards made to Laxman Narasimhan, related to legacy arrangements implemented by his previous employer. The value of this buyout was estimated in
     the 2020 Annual Report. The long-term share award vested at 52.6% of target on 25 March 2021 and the long-term cash award was paid at 110% of target in March 2021. The
     value has been restated to reflect this and the actual closing Reckitt share price on the date of vesting of £64.12 for the long-term share award, including accumulated
     dividends. 6.63% of the value of the share award included in the buyout is attributable to share price growth over the vesting period

Shareholding of Executive Directors compared to requirements
The bar chart below illustrates the Executive Directors’ shareholding compared to the company’s shareholding requirements. Executives have
a period of eight years from appointment to achieve the requirements of 200,000 shares for the CEO and 100,000 for the CFO and both
Executive Directors are showing good progress towards meeting these requirements as reflected below.


          Shareholding requirement
CEO
          Current shareholding                                                                             £5.4m 1


          Shareholding requirement
CFO
          Current shareholding                                            £2.5m 1


                                             0         20,000        40,000       60,000       80,000       100,000       120,000       140,000         160,000      180,000       200,000

     Shares held2          Shares deferred from annual bonus3                 2022 vesting4

1.   Current shareholding value based on the average closing share price in Q4 2021 of £59.84

2.   Includes shares owned outright and shares subject to post-vesting holding restrictions

3.   This is the estimated number of shares under the Deferred Bonus Plan, after tax, including those to be deferred from the 2021 annual bonus

4.   For Laxman Narasimhan this is an estimate of the number of shares vesting in May 2022 under the 2019 LTIP, after tax




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                                      173
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Executive Directors’ shareholding requirements (audited)
      Executive Directors are expected to acquire significant numbers of shares over eight years and retain these until retirement from the Board,
      with a portion required to be retained post-employment as described below.

      These shareholding requirements (200,000 shares for the current CEO and 100,000 shares for the current CFO) are the most demanding
      in the market and are equivalent to c.1200% and c.850% of salary for the CEO and CFO, respectively (based on a share price of £59.84).
      These requirements are also more than double the current annual LTIP award (using a Black-Scholes valuation of 10% for the performance
      share options).

      We also have post-employment shareholding requirements for a further two years. The post-employment shareholding requirement is
      enforced through a restriction on Executive Directors’ vested shares, held by our external share plan administrator, which requires company
      permission before these shares can be sold. This restriction excludes shares awarded to the CEO as buyout for legacy awards from his
      previous employer and shares purchased by the Executive Directors.

      The two-year post-employment shareholding requirement is 50% of the shareholding requirement (or actual shareholding on leaving if lower).
      This represents more than c.600% of salary for the CEO and c.425% for the CFO and is more stretching than almost all other UK companies’
      in-employment shareholding requirements; it is also greater than the current annual LTIP award.

      The table below shows the current shareholding of each Executive Director against their respective shareholding requirements as of
      31 December 2021:
                                                                                                   Performance shares                                Options held
                                                                  Total            Shares
                                     Shareholding            beneficial          awarded
                                      requirement             interests         under the                        Unvested,                                               Unvested,
                                       (number of          (number of            Deferred           To vest     subject to  Vested but                    To vest       subject to
                                           shares)              shares) 1      Bonus Plan2          in 2022 3 performance not exercised                   in 2022     performance
      Laxman Narasimhan                     200,000               56,917             25,199           8,546            150,000                   0         32,250           300,000
      Jeff Carr                             100,000              30,000               11,592             n/a            80,000                   0             n/a           160,000

      1.   ‘Total beneficial interests’ includes shares owned outright and shares subject to post-vesting holding restrictions

      2.   ‘Shares awarded under the Deferred Bonus Plan’ shows the estimated number of shares awarded under the Deferred Bonus Plan, after tax, including an estimate of those to
           be deferred from the 2021 annual bonus

      3.   This is an estimate of the number of shares vesting to Laxman Narasimhan in May 2022 under the 2019 LTIP, after tax as detailed on page 172

      The Executive Directors are also eligible to participate in the all-employee Sharesave Scheme. Details of options held under this plan are set
      out on page 187.

      2021 LTIP awards (audited)
      The table below sets out the LTIP awards which were made to Laxman Narasimhan and Jeff Carr on 28 May 2021. These awards do not accrue
      dividends during the performance period. Vesting of these awards in full requires achievement of stretching performance conditions over the
      three-year period. In line with the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, for Executive Directors there is a further two-year holding period
      commencing after the end of the three-year performance period.



                                                        Shares        Market
                                                    over which       price at
                                          Date         awards        date of Exercise                 Face                                        Exercise/vesting           Holding
                                       of grant        granted        award1    price2                value3        Performance period                      period            period
      Performance shares
      Laxman Narasimhan           28 May 2021            75,000       £63.68            n/a    £4,776,000        1 Jan 2021–31 Dec 2023                    May 2024       1 Jan 2026
      Jeff Carr                   28 May 2021            40,000       £63.68            n/a    £2,547,200        1 Jan 2021–31 Dec 2023                    May 2024       1 Jan 2026
      Performance share options
      Laxman Narasimhan           28 May 2021           150,000       £63.68        £64.67               £0      1 Jan 2021–31 Dec 2023        May 2024–May 2031          1 Jan 2026
      Jeff Carr                   28 May 2021            80,000       £63.68        £64.67               £0      1 Jan 2021–31 Dec 2023        May 2024–May 2031          1 Jan 2026

      1.   The market price on the date of award is the closing share price on the date of grant

      2.   The exercise price is based on the average closing share price over the five business days prior to the date of grant

      3.   For performance shares based on the market price at the date of award and assumes the performance criteria are met to achieve full vesting. For performance-based share
           options based on the face value of the potential gain at award assuming full vesting, calculated as the difference between market price and exercise price. The face value of
           shares under option is £9,552,000 for Laxman Narasimhan and £5,094,400 for Jeff Carr if calculated as the number of shares multiplied by the market price at date of award

      As disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report, the performance measures and weightings used for the 2021 LTIP were unchanged from the 2020 LTIP
      award, being 50% based on net revenue, 25% based on ROCE and 25% based on EPS (split equally between actual exchange rate and
      constant exchange rate).




174
Strategic Report                                  Governance                                         Financial Statements




Net revenue continues to be measured as LFL growth over three years. ROCE is measured based on the final year of the performance period
and is a measure of how efficient the Group is at converting its capital into earnings. As stated in our 2018 Annual Report the definition of
ROCE used for the purposes of the LTIP differs from that disclosed elsewhere in the Annual Report as it is measured on a constant currency
basis. EPS is measured on a total adjusted diluted basis, as shown in the Group’s Financial Statements, as this provides an independently
verifiable measure of performance. It is measured using both constant and actual foreign exchange bases (with an equal weighting on each)
and is based on the final year of the performance period. The Committee disclosed the targets which apply to these LTIP awards in June 2021.

As discussed in the Chair’s letter and set out in further detail on page 181, during 2021, the active management of the portfolio saw a 9%
portfolio turnover, including the disposals of IFCN China and Scholl and the acquisition of Biofreeze, a major step forward in our strategy to
rejuvenate sustainable growth. This activity to strengthen the portfolio has meant that the targets set at the beginning of each award under
the LTIP needed to be reviewed to ensure they remained appropriate. In line with our current shareholder-approved Remuneration Policy and
shareholder views on adjusting targets, the LTIP targets were adjusted where needed to ensure that participants are no better or worse off
and in line with shareholder expectations. Further detail on these adjustments and the vesting schedule that applies to awards granted under
the 2021-2023 LTIP are presented on page 181.

Wider workforce pay arrangements
Reckitt cascades its reward policy fairly and consistently throughout the organisation and the Remuneration Committee takes into account the
arrangements for the wider workforce when setting Executive Director remuneration. During the year, the Committee considered workforce
remuneration and related policies on several occasions, as well as the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture.

Information reviewed by the Remuneration Committee includes salary structures, bonus design and targets, the LTIP, share ownership, our
International Transfer Policy, provision of benefits and Reckitt’s all-employee share plans. The Committee is pleased to note from this review
that the company’s remuneration policies continue to be aligned with those of the Executive Directors, with a cascade throughout the
organisation. In addition, as part of the wider review of remuneration arrangements and in the development of the Directors’ Remuneration
Policy over the past year, the Committee took into account views of senior management and other employees. The company commissioned
external independent consultants to undertake detailed stakeholder interviews with senior management on remuneration arrangements
which apply to them and their teams, and internally, Reckitt operated focus groups with employees to understand views on incentives. We
also communicated to the wider workforce details of how executive pay is set, its alignment with the company’s approach to the wider
company pay policy and how decisions are made by the Committee; giving employees the opportunity to ask any questions on these topics.

As mentioned in the Chair’s letter, in March 2021 we launched our global wellbeing programmes for leaders at all levels in partnership with
Hintsa and Tignum, global leaders in this field. We have also provided a rich bank of resources for all employees to access including global
wellbeing sessions, focusing on balance, burnout and the importance of mental energy and attracting over 3,000 participants each time. In
July 2021 we launched a global employee pulse survey, focusing on understanding our employee demographics and getting insights on our
Leadership Behaviour and diversity topics.

As discussed in the Strategic Report our employment policies drive gender equality in our teams. We have mentoring schemes for female
employees, gender-balanced shortlists and proportional targets at senior management level. We have also continued with several initiatives
that were launched in 2020, such as the Stronger Together conversation series, a five-year commitment focusing on diversity and inclusion
(D&I) and belonging topics that matter most to our people. During 2021, another seven virtual global sessions have been held, reaching almost
30,000 people, with more watching the sessions later on demand. Our Global Inclusion Board comprises senior leaders and sponsors of our
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and is chaired by the CEO, who leads the D&I strategic agenda across Reckitt.

As set out earlier in the Annual Report, we continue to focus on maintaining an open, transparent culture by promoting continuing dialogue
across the company. During 2021 Mary Harris’s activity as the Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the company’s
workforce has allowed her to feed back the views of the workforce to the Remuneration Committee as well as the wider Board. Each year
the company holds several round-table discussions with employees and organises site visits during which town hall meetings and smaller
group discussions with our people take place. Details of this engagement are set out in the Section 172 Statement, which can be found on
pages 68 to 73.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          175
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      The table below summarises the remuneration structure for the wider workforce:
      Element        Implementation below the Board                                                              Comparison with Executive Director
                                                                                                                 remuneration

       Salary        Salary increases are determined by line managers based on factors such as individual        Salary increases are normally aligned
                     performance ratings, talent ratings and local market practice. Country-specific             with those of the wider workforce,
                     conditions such as inflation are also taken into account.                                   which take into account performance.
                     The average total pay during 2021 to all employees across the Group is £48,445 and we       Salaries are also set competitively
                     review pay ratios of the Chief Executive Officer’s total remuneration to the remuneration   against peers in support of
                     of UK employees, as set out on page 178 of this report.                                     the recruitment and retention
                     In the UK, Reckitt has been voluntarily paying the Living Wage for a number of years and    of Executive Directors.
                     is accredited by the Living Wage Foundation as paying a living wage to employees and
                     contractors. This certifies our commitment to employees and staff that they will receive
                     a wage that not only exceeds the minimum wage but also recognises the actual cost of
                     living in the UK. We are developing our global Sustainable Livelihood Framework (of
                     which living wage is a component) to outline our approach and will be piloting it within
                     selected factories in Thailand and India.


       Annual        Our Annual Performance Plan (APP) is operated consistently across the organisation          Annual bonuses for Executive Directors
       bonus         and has more than 16,000 employees participating. As employees progress and are             are directly related to Reckitt’s
                     promoted their target bonus and maximum multiplier typically increase.                      financial performance measured
                     In common with the Executive Directors, bonus payouts are based on Reckitt’s financial      by net revenue and adjusted profit
                     performance, with all employees being incentivised on net revenue and a profit              before income tax targets. These
                     measure, which varies based on role. In addition, some roles have a third measure,          measures also apply to other Group
                     typically related to net working capital or innovation.                                     employees who participate in the APP.

                     We also operate local bonus plans, for example for employees in sales and factories.        The bonus for all participants in the APP
                                                                                                                 operates on a multiplicative basis, in the
                                                                                                                 same way as for the Executive Directors.
                                                                                                                 One-third of annual bonus payments
                                                                                                                 for Executive Directors are subject
                                                                                                                 to a three-year deferral into
                                                                                                                 awards over Reckitt shares.


       Long-term     Reckitt grants LTIP awards to members of the Group Executive Committee, Group               Executive Directors’ LTIP grants
       incentives    Leadership Team and senior management team to support the remuneration philosophy           comprise performance share
                     of incentivising superior long-term business results and shareholder value creation.        options and performance share
                     Awards are also made to selected high-potential employees below these levels.               awards (based on a fixed number),
                     The 2022 awards will continue to use the same performance measures and three-year           which for the 2022 awards will vest
                     performance period as for the Executive Directors. Awards are made as a fixed               subject to the achievement of LFL
                     number of share options and shares, with grants applied consistently depending on an        net revenue, ROCE, Relative TSR
                     employee’s level in the organisation. Adjustments can be made to the award level based      and ESG performance targets.
                     on performance and managers can also recommend additional awards to key employees.          In addition to the LTIP’s three-year
                                                                                                                 performance period, Executive Directors
                                                                                                                 are subject to an additional two-year
                                                                                                                 holding period commencing at the
                                                                                                                 end of the performance period.


       All-          We operate an award-winning global all-employee share plan to foster our culture of         Executive Directors are eligible
       employee      ownership amongst employees. This gives employees the opportunity to save over              to participate in the all-employee
       share plans   a three-year period to purchase Reckitt shares at a discount to the share price.            Sharesave Scheme on the same
                     As well as ensuring individuals feel a sense of ownership, Reckitt is keen to ensure that   basis as all employees.
                     the plans are inclusive and accessible to all colleagues, with the plan being offered on
                     equivalent terms to all eligible employees globally, subject to local regulation.
                     Around 50% of Reckitt employees have signed up to one of our three share plans with
                     total savings of around £171 million across all cycles. Over the last three-year period,
                     2019-2021, just over 6,900 employees saved in one of our plans, making a gain of around
                     10% over the period.1
                     In order to encourage take-up and ensure that the plans are inclusive and accessible to
                     all employees, we utilise around 100 local champions and provide communications in 28
                     languages. Champions are responsible for local communications throughout the offices
                     and factories. Examples include desk drops, webinars, virtual drop-in sessions with
                     specific contacts at each site for support.
                     Further, in line with Reckitt’s commitment to diversity and inclusiveness, Reckitt has
                     included and promoted a 12-month savings sabbatical for employees on maternity leave.




176
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                         Financial Statements




Element              Implementation below the Board                                                                 Comparison with Executive Director
                                                                                                                    remuneration

     Share           Reckitt is proud of our ownership culture. In addition to the market-leading participation     The Executive Directors have
     ownership       rates in our all-employee share plans, members of the Group Executive Committee and            shareholding requirements of 200,000
                     Group Leadership Team have shareholding requirements in order to further align the             shares for the CEO and 100,000
                     interests of management and shareholders. These requirements are amongst the most              for the CFO, the most demanding
                     demanding in the market and we expect participants to meet them within eight years             requirements in the UK market 2 .
                     of appointment. There is an annual review of progress by the Remuneration Committee.           These are equivalent to c.1200% and
                     Amongst the Group Executive Committee the total shareholding requirement                       c.850% of salary1 respectively.
                     is around £42 million1 and the aggregate actual holding is currently £15                       Executive Directors are additionally
                     million1 which reflects good progress towards the requirement given the                        subject to a post-employment
                     changes to the Group Executive Committee over the past two years.                              shareholding requirement which is
                     Overall the total shareholding requirement for all employees with requirements is              enforced through restrictions put in
                     £80 million,1 with the current actual holding being £48 million.1 This also reflects good      place by our share plan administrator.
                     progress towards the requirement given the number of new appointments made in                  The table on page 174 sets out
                     light of the company’s strategic transformation goals and reorganisation of structure.         the progress of the Executive
                                                                                                                    Directors towards their
                                                                                                                    shareholding requirements.


     Pension         A pension/gratuity scheme is offered to more than 80% of our global employees.                 Our Executive Directors receive a
                     Exceptions to this are countries where pension provision is not prevalent in the local         company pension contribution of
                     market and/or is provided by the state.                                                        10% of salary, in line with the wider
                     In the UK, all Reckitt employees are eligible to receive a company pension contribution        workforce in the UK. They are eligible
                     of at least 10% of pensionable salary, irrespective of any personal contribution made.         to take this as a cash alternative.


     Benefits        Reckitt regularly reviews the core benefits it provides in each country to ensure they         Executive Directors receive benefits
                     remain appropriate, equally inclusive and in line with our philosophy of providing             which consist primarily of the provision
                     market-competitive benefits. In addition to aligning with the local market Reckitt             of a company car/allowance, pension
                     ensures that there is a core level of benefits provided to all employees. These include:       scheme, risk insurances and healthcare.
                     • Life insurance for all of our global employee population. All of our employees are           In addition, Executive Directors are
                       insured for at least two times base salary                                                   eligible for the benefits available
                     • Global parental leave policy which provides for at least 26 weeks paid and 26 weeks          to the wider UK workforce, as
                       unpaid maternity leave, and four weeks paid and four weeks unpaid paternity leave,           described in this table.
                       for all employees. The policy recognises that today’s families come in all shapes and
                       sizes, so the same principles apply to all LGBTQ+ employees, as well as adopting and
                       surrogacy families
                     • An Employee Assistance Programme is provided in every country, providing valuable
                       assistance to our employees during the pandemic and beyond
                     • Reckitt also provides health insurance, where it is not adequately provided for by the
                       state, for most of our global employee population. In the UK and US our healthcare
                       insurer provides access to a video GP. This allows our employees to speak to a doctor
                       whenever they want. In a number of markets this also extends to cover spouse and/or
                       children
                     Reckitt’s unique International Transfer Policy is key to ensuring global mobility, which
                     is a critical part of Reckitt’s career development and our culture. Employees transfer
                     consistently on a local terms basis, to remove inequities of home/host practices.
                     Depending on the type of international move additional benefits such as international
                     healthcare, international pension, school fees, tax return support and home leave may
                     be provided to foster ongoing mobility.


1.    Based on the average closing share price in Q4 2021 of £59.84

2.    Compared against constituents of the FTSE 30




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                        177
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Gender pay gap
      The Board reviews the company’s gender pay gap and publishes an annual gender pay report that can be found on our website under
      the People and Communities heading of our Sustainability section. To increase transparency on this issue Reckitt voluntarily discloses
      the gender pay gap for our ten largest markets by workforce size, including the UK, which together make up around 70% of our global
      permanent workforce.

      As disclosed in our gender pay gap report Reckitt has set targets to increase the number of women in senior leadership positions and has
      a number of initiatives to increase this representation.

      A summary of the gender pay statistics is also included below:

      •   The gender pay gap in the UK for the year to April 2021 is -7.4% at median and 5.0% at mean
      •   This compares to the year to April 2020 when the gender pay gap was -6.1% at median and 5.1% at mean

      Further data and information on the initiatives Reckitt is taking on diversity and inclusion are set out in our gender pay gap report.

      CEO pay ratio
      The table below provides pay ratios of the Chief Executive Officer’s total remuneration to the remuneration of UK employees at the lower
      quartile, median and upper quartile. This is in line with UK reporting requirements.

      In line with the requirements, the total pay and benefits paid to both Laxman Narasimhan and Rakesh Kapoor whilst in the role of CEO have
      been combined to calculate the total CEO pay for 2019. It should be noted that for Laxman this included both the one-off relocation benefits
      and the buyout in respect of legacy arrangements provided by his previous employer.

      For 2020, the pay ratio reflects the actual buyout awards to Laxman that are in respect of legacy arrangements from his previous employer
      and which vested in March 2021. This is disclosed in the 2020 column of the single figure table on page 173 of this report. The disclosure will,
      over time, cover a ten-year rolling period.
      CEO            Year                 Method           25th percentile pay ratio            Median pay ratio                  75th percentile pay ratio
                     2021                Option A                               1:170                        1:121                                     1:78
                     2020                Option A                              1:244                         1:177                                    1:100
                     2019                Option A                              1:158                         1:115                                     1:70

      The calculations reflect the application of Reckitt’s reward policy across the organisation as set out in the section on wider workforce
      pay arrangements.

      In particular, the Remuneration Committee believes the pay ratio is consistent with the Group’s wider policies on employee pay, reward and
      progression. Reckitt ensures that employees are paid fairly for their role, based on the location they work in and their performance in role.
      As such, the base salary, annual bonus and benefits are based on the same principles for the identified employees as they are for the CEO.
      The median pay ratio has decreased in line with the reduction in the CEO’s single total figure of remuneration as set out on page 173.

      In calculating the ratio we have used Option A, in line with shareholder guidelines. The employees used in the calculations were selected on
      23 February 2022, following the end of the financial year.

      For identifying the three employees at the lower quartile, median and upper quartile, the following methodology has been used:

      •   All UK employees’ total remuneration as at 31 December 2021 has been considered, excluding leavers and employees who were absent for
          more than 20 days during the financial year, as these would distort the ratio
      •   Full-time equivalent salary, variable pay, allowances and benefits (using the part-time values and converting these to full-time equivalent
          values) have been calculated. In order to calculate the value of taxable benefits we have taken the P11D value, due to ease of accessing
          data. Actual pension contributions have been used, and, where appropriate, converted to full-time equivalents

      The table below summarises the identified employees in 2021:
                                                                                                                          25th        Median         75th
                                                                                                                     percentile         pay     percentile
      Total employee pay and benefits                                                                                  £35,045        £49,261      £76,581
      Salary component                                                                                                 £28,268       £40,906       £67,771

      In addition, Note 5 to the Financial Statements sets out the total employment costs and average number of employees globally, during 2021.
      Based on these, the average global pay during 2021 was £48,445 and consequently the pay ratio between the CEO and average global
      employee was 1:123.




178
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                          Financial Statements




IMPLEMENTATION OF DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY FOR 2022 OUTCOMES
Salary
As set out earlier in this report, there will be a 3% increase in salaries for 2022 for the CEO and the CFO in line with the budgeted average
increase for the UK workforce. The CEO’s salary will be £1,008,000 and the CFO’s will be £721,000.

Pension
The CEO and CFO are eligible to receive a pension contribution, or equivalent cash allowance, of 10% of salary, which is equivalent to the
company’s level of contribution for all UK employees.

Annual bonus in respect of 2022 performance
There are no changes to the bonus opportunity for the CEO and CFO, remaining at 120% and 100% of salary at target, respectively.

Bonuses for 2022 will remain based on Reckitt’s net revenue and adjusted profit before income tax targets, measured in GBP at a constant
exchange rate, with the outcome under each of the measures combined multiplicatively to give a maximum bonus outcome of 3.57x the
target bonus opportunity if both targets are met. One-third of any bonus earned will be deferred into Reckitt shares for three years.

As previously noted in the Chair’s letter, as it does every year the Committee will continue to evaluate the performance of both the Group and
the Executive Directors in the round and with regard to broader circumstances to assess whether the level of annual bonus payout is
appropriate and justified, before determining the final bonus payout.

We have not disclosed the performance target ranges for 2022 as we consider them to be commercially sensitive. However, we commit to
retrospectively disclosing the performance ranges in the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ending 31 December 2022.

2022 LTIP awards
Award levels
There are no changes to the LTIP award levels for the CEO or CFO for 2022. These have been reviewed in light of share price performance,
Group performance and individual performance. Laxman Narasimhan’s 2022 LTIP award will consist of 150,000 performance share options and
75,000 performance shares and Jeff Carr’s award will be 80,000 performance share options and 40,000 performance shares. These awards
are expected to be made following the May 2022 AGM.

Performance conditions
As disclosed in the Chair’s letter, the Committee reviewed the performance measures with the aim of ensuring alignment with our strategy to
rejuvenate sustainable growth. The 2022 LTIP performance conditions and weightings are as follows; each element is considered
independently:

•   LFL net revenue growth (40% weighting)                               •   Relative TSR (25% weighting)
•   ROCE (25% weighting)                                                 •   ESG (10% weighting)

The Committee went through a robust process when setting these targets, taking into account a number of factors and different reference
points, and the Committee considers that the targets set are very stretching. Awards granted in 2022 will vest in line with the descriptions
below, which require significant outperformance of targets.

LFL net revenue growth
Net revenue is measured as LFL growth over three years. As previously stated, our guidance is for LFL net revenue growth of 1-4%, for 2022
with a longer-term target of mid-single-digit growth. In this context, the Remuneration Committee believes that the performance ranges are
appropriately stretching and incentivise management to deliver outperformance. 20% of this element will vest for achieving 2.0% per annum
growth increasing to full vesting for achieving 5.0% per annum growth. This represents an increased threshold compared to the 2021 LTIP target.

ROCE
ROCE is measured based on the final year of the performance period and is a measure of how efficient the Group is at converting its capital
into earnings. As stated in our 2018 Annual Report the definition of ROCE used for the purposes of the LTIP differs from that disclosed in the
Annual Report, as it is measured on a constant currency basis. 20% of this element will vest for achieving 13.2% increasing to full vesting for
achieving 15.2%.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           179
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Relative TSR
      Relative TSR directly aligns LTIP participants with the shareholder experience and will only reward for TSR outperformance against our peers.
      The Committee deliberated over the constituents of the Relative TSR peer group as part of the Committee’s review of the Remuneration
      Policy. The proposed group of 19 companies represents companies that we compete with for capital and which shareholders compare us to
      and is also an appropriate group to incentivise LTIP participants to outperform.

      Relative TSR will be measured against a group of 19 global companies that directly reflects shareholder feedback received during the
      consultation. The peer companies are primarily drawn from the constituents of the MSCI World House & Personal Products Index. The
      Committee determined to also include appropriate comparators that form part of the broader ‘Fast Moving Consumer Goods’ industry and are
      subject to similar industry dynamics and market challenges as Reckitt. The Committee was also keen to have a sufficient number of companies
      in the peer group so that the relative TSR comparison remains robust throughout the performance period. The constituents will be reviewed on
      an annual basis and, in particular, as new comparators come to the market. The TSR peer group for the 2022 LTIP award is set out below:

      Beiersdorf                    Danone                      JDE                          L’Oréal                      Shiseido
      Church & Dwight               Essity                      Kao                          Mondelēz                     Unicharm
      Clorox                        Estée Lauder                Kimberly-Clark               Nestlé                       Unilever
      Colgate Palmolive             Henkel                      Lindt                        Procter & Gamble

      Under the Relative TSR measure, 20% of the award will vest for TSR at the median of the peer group, increasing to full vesting for upper
      quartile performance or above. In line with shareholder guidance, a common currency will be used for TSR purposes.

      ESG
      The introduction of ESG measures aligns participants with, and incentivises delivery of, our 2030 sustainability ambitions. There are two equally
      weighted metrics for the 2022 LTIP award. The ESG targets are based on rigorous methodology, are independently assured and, in the case of
      our carbon emissions, support our delivery of externally validated science-based targets on emissions reduction. Targets are based on
      achievement in the final year of the performance period and take into account the plans that we have to achieve the sustainability ambitions.
      The measures and targets are as follows:

      i.   Percentage of net revenue from more sustainable products – this has been an annual reporting KPI since 2012 and supports our
           ambition of 50% of net revenue being from more sustainable products by 2030. This is measured using our Sustainable Innovation
           Calculator (SIC). The calculator evaluates the sustainability impact of every new product versus existing products and established
           benchmarks. It helps measure carbon, water, plastics, ingredients and packaging footprints in new products for our global brands, targeting
           their reduction to enable more sustainable products in the future. It includes Scope 3 product emissions (including the carbon and water
           impact from consumer use) which is the most impactful lifecycle stage of our products. We achieved 24.9% of net revenue from more
           sustainable products in 2021 and have set the targets for this measure based on the Plan to 2030, such that 20% of this element will vest
           for achieving 30% of net revenue from more sustainable products increasing to full vesting for achieving 33%.

      ii. Percentage reduction in GHG emissions in operations – this supports the delivery of our externally validated science-based targets for
          2030 to help maintain global warming at less than 1.5°C, including a 65% reduction in GHG emissions in operations against our 2015 baseline.
          For the purposes of reward outcomes, any offsetting activities will not count towards achievement of these targets. A total of 20% of this
          element will vest for achieving a 65% reduction in GHG emissions in operations increasing to full vesting for achieving a 69% reduction. The
          threshold of a 65% reduction is in line with the goal that we set for ourselves by 2030, with the maximum target of a 69% reduction
          significantly beyond this, requiring us to exceed our 2030 science-based target ahead of schedule.

      Summary of 2022 LTIP targets
      Performance will be assessed for each measure, at the end of the three-year performance period. Performance will be assessed on a sliding
      scale as set out below:
                                                                                                                          Threshold      Maximum
                                                                                                                       (20% vesting) (100% vesting)
      LFL net revenue growth (3-year CAGR)
      (40% weighting)                                                                                                           2.0%             5.0%
      ROCE (final year)
      (25% weighting)                                                                                                          13.2%             15.2%
      Relative TSR
      (25% weighting)                                                                                                        Median Upper quartile
      ESG: % of net revenue from more sustainable products (final year)
      (5% weighting)                                                                                                             30%              33%
      ESG: % reduction in GHG emissions in operations (final year)
      (5% weighting)                                                                                                             65%              69%




180
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                             Financial Statements




REMUNERATION DECISIONS IN RELATION TO PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
During 2021, the active management of the portfolio saw a 9% portfolio turnover, including the disposals of IFCN China and Scholl and the
acquisition of Biofreeze, a major step forward in our strategy to rejuvenate sustainable growth. This activity to strengthen the portfolio has
meant that the targets set at the beginning of each award under the APP and LTIP needed to be reviewed to ensure they remained
appropriate. In line with our current shareholder-approved Remuneration Policy and shareholder views on adjusting targets, the LTIP targets
were adjusted where needed to ensure that participants are no better or worse off and in line with shareholder expectations as follows.

Adjusting in-flight LTIP performance measures
For the 2020-2022 and 2021-2023 awards, the Committee has determined to adjust the targets for the disposal of IFCN China, given the size of
this transaction, to ensure that the new targets are no harder or easier to achieve than the original targets.

A consistent approach has been taken across all three performance measures and the adjustments are in line with generally accepted
shareholder principles where there has been material portfolio management.

•   The original EPS targets were set as final year EPS values, based on a plan which included IFCN China at the time the targets were set.
    These targets have been reduced to recognise the impact of the reduced profit expected in the final year of the LTIP cycle due to the
    disposal of IFCN China
•   The LFL net revenue targets have been reduced slightly to recognise that the expected revenue growth for IFCN China when the targets
    were set was higher than the remaining portfolio. The challenge in the new targets for the remaining portfolio remains equal to the
    original targets
•   The ROCE targets have been increased to reflect that IFCN China was a lower return business than the remaining portfolio and again the
    new targets contain the same level of challenge as was contained in the original targets when set

The tables below show the original targets, the impact of IFCN China and the new targets for the remaining period of the in-flight awards. The
Committee will continue to monitor future portfolio activity across the Group, if any, and may decide to adjust the targets again, if appropriate.

2020 LTIP targets
                                                                                                                 Adjusted targets for portfolio
                                                                            Original targets                            management
                                                                        Threshold            Maximum                Threshold            Maximum
                                                                     (20% vesting)       (100% vesting)          (20% vesting)       (100% vesting)
LFL net revenue growth (3-year CAGR)
(50% weighting)                                                               2.0%                  5.0%                   1.9%                   4.9%
ROCE (final year)
(25% weighting)                                                               11.8%                13.1%                 13.5%                14.8%
EPS (final year) on a constant foreign exchange basis
(12.5% weighting)                                                       323 pence              360 pence            304 pence            341 pence
EPS (final year) on an actual foreign exchange basis
(12.5% weighting)                                                       302 pence              337 pence            283 pence            318 pence

2021 LTIP targets
                                                                                                                 Adjusted targets for portfolio
                                                                            Original targets                            management
                                                                        Threshold            Maximum                Threshold            Maximum
                                                                     (20% vesting)       (100% vesting)          (20% vesting)       (100% vesting)
LFL net revenue growth (3-year CAGR)
(50% weighting)                                                                1.0%                 5.0%                  0.9%                    4.9%
ROCE (final year)
(25% weighting)                                                              12.3%                 14.0%                  13.7%               15.4%
EPS (final year) on a constant foreign exchange basis
(12.5% weighting)                                                       327 pence              401 pence            308 pence            382 pence
EPS (final year) on an actual foreign exchange basis
(12.5% weighting)                                                       308 pence              379 pence            289 pence            360 pence




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  181
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)




      ADDITIONAL REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES

      Percentage change in the remuneration of Directors
      Following amendments to UK reporting regulations, companies are required to publish the annual percentage change in remuneration (salary
      or fees, benefits and annual bonus) for each Director compared to the annual average percentage change in remuneration for the employees
      (excluding Directors) of the Parent Company. Since the CEO is the sole employee of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, this statutory disclosure is not
      possible. In the table below we are therefore voluntarily disclosing the percentage change in remuneration for all UK employees in order to
      provide a representative comparison.

      The company considers UK employees to be an appropriate comparator group as the Executive Directors’ remuneration arrangements are
      similar in structure to the majority of these employees and it reflects the economic environment where the Executive Directors are employed.
      The analysis is based on a consistent set of employees, i.e. the same individuals or roles appear in the 2020 and 2021 populations.
                                                                                                           2020/21                                         2019/20
                                                                                         Salary/fee        Benefits           Bonus       Salary/fee        Benefits            Bonus
      All UK employees1                                                                         5.9%           6.2%           -8.9%              4.5%            1.5% 2       505.4%
      Andrew Bonfield                                                                           2.4%              n/a             n/a            4.1%              n/a             n/a
      Olivier Bohuon3                                                                                n/a          n/a             n/a              n/a             n/a             n/a
      Jeff Carr (CFO)     4
                                                                                               41.5%          37.3%           29.3%                n/a             n/a             n/a
      Nicandro Durante                                                                              1.9%          n/a             n/a           14.1%              n/a             n/a
      Mary Harris                                                                               2.0%              n/a             n/a           14.4%              n/a             n/a
      Mehmood Khan                                                                              2.7%              n/a             n/a            4.7%              n/a             n/a
      Pam Kirby                                                                                 2.0%              n/a             n/a            7.3%              n/a             n/a
      Sara Mathew5                                                                              2.7%              n/a             n/a         109.3%               n/a             n/a
      Laxman Narasimhan (CEO)           6
                                                                                                    3.1%     –62.1%            -5.9%           117.3%         –23.4%          1747.2%
      Chris Sinclair (Chair of the Board)                                                       3.6%              n/a             n/a           10.0%              n/a             n/a
      Elane Stock                                                                               2.7%              n/a             n/a            4.7%              n/a             n/a
      Margherita Della Valle7                                                                105.4%               n/a             n/a              n/a             n/a             n/a

      1.   The percentages for ‘All UK employees’ reflect the average percentage change in full-time equivalent salary, taxable benefits and allowances, and bonus for colleagues
           based in the UK between 2019 and 2020 and similarly between 2020 and 2021. It only includes colleagues employed in both years in the comparison

      2.   The percentage change in taxable benefits for all UK employees excludes international transfer benefits as this is volatile from year to year based on each
           individual’s circumstances

      3.   Olivier Bohuon was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021 and so no comparison is shown for 2020 to 2021

      4.   Jeff Carr joined on 9 April 2020 so no comparison is shown for 2019 to 2020. The percentage change shown for 2020 to 2021 reflects actual remuneration received during
           2020 for service from Jeff Carr’s appointment on 9 April 2020 to 31 December 2020

      5.   Sara Mathew was appointed to the Board in July 2019 and the comparison reflects that the 2019 fee was only received for part of the year. Similarly, the salary/fee, benefits
           and bonus for Jeff Carr and Margherita Della Valle (where applicable) for 2020 reflects the time served on the Board

      6.   Laxman Narasimhan received no increase to his annual salary during 2020. The percentage change shown in 2019 to 2020 above reflects actual salary received during 2019
           for service from his appointment on 16 July to 31 December 2019

      7.   Margherita Della Valle joined on 1 July 2020 so no comparison is shown for 2019/2020

      The change in annual bonus for all UK employees reflects the performance of the company in 2021 which resulted in lower bonuses in 2021
      compared to 2020. For reference, the 2020 annual bonus for UK employees was 505.4% higher than that paid in 2019 due to performance of
      the company in 2020 compared to 2019.

      Relative importance of spend on pay
      The table below shows shareholder distributions (i.e. dividends) and total employee pay expenditure for 2020 and 2021, along with the
      percentage change in both.
                                                                                                                   2021         2020    % change
                                                                                                                    £m            £m      2020/21
      Total shareholder distribution1                                                                                                           1,246            1,241           0.4%
      Total employee expenditure            2
                                                                                                                                               2,276            2,302            -1.1%

      1.   Details of shareholder distribution are set out in Note 28 to the Financial Statements

      2.   Details of employee expenditure are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements




182
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                                   Financial Statements




Exit payments made in the year (audited)
No exit payments were made to Executive Directors during the year.

Payments to past Directors (audited)
No other benefits or payments were delivered to former Directors in the year in excess of the minimum threshold of a pre-tax value of £15,000
set by the Remuneration Committee for this purpose.

Performance graph
The graph below shows the TSR of the company and the UK FTSE 100 Index over the period since 1 January 2012. This shows the growth in the
value of a hypothetical holding of £100 invested on 31 December 2011. The FTSE 100 Index was selected on the basis that it contains
companies of a comparable size, in the absence of an appropriate industry peer group in the UK.

Total Shareholder Return since 1 January 2012
£ value of £100 invested at 1 January 2012


     300


                                                                                                                                                            267         266
                                                                                                         260
                                                                                         253
     250
                                                                                                                         232
                                                                        226                                                               244



     200
                                                        184
                                                                                                                                                                        194
                                                                                                                                          185
                                         161                                                                             158
                                                                                                         173
     150                                                                                                                                                    164
                                                                                         154
                           126

                                         130            131              130
           100
     100                   110
           100



      50




       0
       2012                2013          2014           2015            2016            2017            2018             2019             2020             2021         2022

                 Reckitt      FTSE 100                                                                                               Source: Thompson Reuters Datastream



The table below sets out the single figure of total remuneration for the role of CEO over the last ten years.
(£000)                                              2012         2013          2014       2015         2016         2017          2018           2019       2020      2021
CEO single figure of remuneration
Laxman Narasimhan                                                                                                                           £4,599 1       £8,4341   £5,967
Rakesh Kapoor                                     £8,411       £6,840     £12,787     £25,527       £15,289       £8,999        £14,314         £938
Annual bonus
(as a percentage of maximum)                        53%         100%           72%        100%           0%           0%          84%            12% 2      100%       91%
LTIP vesting
(as a percentage of maximum)                       100%          40%           40%         80%          50%          50%           65%            0% 3        n/a3   21.5%

1.    Includes buyouts in respect of legacy arrangements from previous employer, restated, and reflects the actual value of the buyout award that vested

2.    Zero for Rakesh Kapoor

3.    Laxman Narasimhan was not with the Group at the time these awards were granted




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                        183
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Single total figure of 2021 remuneration for Non-Executive Directors and implementation for 2022 (audited)
      The following Non-Executive Director fee policy was in place for the year ended 31 December 2021. The table also sets out the fees that will
      apply from 1 January 2022.
                                                                                                                        2021 fees                  2022 fees
                                                                                                                                      Fee                       Fee
                                                                                                                               delivered                  delivered
                                                                                                                               in Reckitt                 in Reckitt
      Role                                                                                                          Cash fee       shares      Cash fee      shares
      Base fees
      Chair of the Board                                                                                            £427,500   £142,500        £470,250   £156,750
      Non-Executive Director                                                                                         £71,250    £23,750         £73,500    £24,500
      Additional fees
      Chair of Committee                                                                                            £35,000              –      £35,000           –
      Member of Committee                                                                                            £20,000             –      £20,000           –
      Designated Non-Executive Director for engagement with the company’s workforce                                  £20,000             –      £20,000           –
      Senior Independent Director                                                                                   £30,000              –      £30,000           –

      The fee for the Chair of the Board has been increased to £627,000, an increase of 10%. 25% of the fee continues to be paid in shares.
      As disclosed in last year’s Remuneration Report the Committee reviewed the Chair of the Board’s fee during 2021 to reflect the enlarged
      scope of the role and time commitment required over recent years and ensure that the fee remains broadly competitive and aligned to the
      market. The new fee level remains below the median of the FTSE 30.

      The base fee for NEDs has been increased to £98,000, an increase of 3%, broadly in line with the salary increase budget across the UK
      workforce. In line with last year, the proportion delivered in Reckitt shares continues to be 25% of the base fee (£24,500).

      In addition, subject to shareholder approval of the new Remuneration Policy, NEDs will become eligible to receive support from the company
      to complete a UK tax return, if required. Under the current Remuneration Policy, the Chair of the Board and NEDs are not eligible to receive
      benefits and so the flexibility to provide this benefit has been included in the revised Remuneration Policy that is presented for approval.
      Any benefits provided to NEDs will be disclosed in the 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Report.

      The table below sets out a single figure for the total remuneration received by each Non-Executive Director for the year ended 31 December
      2021 and the prior year:
                                                                                                        2021 fees                             2020 fees
                                                                                              Cash         Shares      Total          Cash       Shares        Total
      Chris Sinclair                                                                     £427,500        £142,500   £570,000    £412,500       £137,500   £550,000
      Andrew Bonfield                                                                    £106,250         £23,750   £130,000    £105,250        £21,750   £127,000
      Olivier Bohuon1                                                                      £91,250        £23,750   £115,000             –            –           –
      Nicandro Durante                                                                    £141,250        £23,750   £165,000    £140,250        £21,750   £162,000
      Mary Harris                                                                        £126,250         £23,750   £150,000    £125,250        £21,750   £147,000
      Mehmood Khan                                                                         £91,250        £23,750   £115,000     £90,250        £21,750    £112,000
      Pam Kirby                                                                          £126,250         £23,750   £150,000    £125,250        £21,750   £147,000
      Sara Mathew                                                                          £91,250        £23,750   £115,000     £90,250        £21,750    £112,000
      Elane Stock                                                                          £91,250        £23,750   £115,000     £90,250        £21,750    £112,000
      Margherita Della Valle     2
                                                                                           £91,250        £23,750   £115,000        £45,125     £10,875    £56,000

      1.   Olivier Bohuon was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021

      2.   Margherita Della Valle joined the Board on 1 July 2020. Fees shown are paid from this date

      Travel and expenses for Non-Executive Directors are incurred in the normal course of business; for example, in relation to attendance at Board
      and Committee meetings. The costs associated with these are all met by the company.




184
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                        Financial Statements




Summary of shareholder voting at the 2021 AGM
The following table shows the results of the voting on the 2020 Directors’ Remuneration Report at the 2021 AGM and 2019 Directors’
Remuneration Policy at the 2019 AGM:
                                                                                      For         Votes      Against                    Votes
                                                                   Votes for           %         against          %          Total   withheld
Approve the 2020 Directors’ Remuneration Report                  434,137,976         82%    92,915,499          18% 527,053,475      7,630,753
Approve the Directors’ Remuneration Policy                       461,396,628         87%    66,134,073          13% 527,530,701       1,370,761

The Remuneration Committee has had extensive discussions with shareholders with a view to obtaining shareholder support for our
remuneration arrangements. In particular, in 2019, following a comprehensive consultation with our major shareholders, we made a number
of changes to the Remuneration Policy, to further align Executive Directors’ remuneration with shareholders’ interests. This resulted in
shareholders supporting the 2018 Directors’ Remuneration Report and the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, with a significantly increased
margin of support compared to the previous vote on Policy in 2016.

The Chair of the Remuneration Committee has had extensive dialogue with shareholders during 2021 on the proposed changes to the
Remuneration Policy, including engaging with shareholders representing more than 50% of our shareholder register. The majority of
shareholders providing input were supportive of the changes we are making to our Remuneration Policy to even further align with the
strategic priorities of the Group. We are grateful to shareholders and their advisory bodies for the time taken and their feedback, which
has provided valuable input and assisted the Committee in developing the proposals.

Directors’ service contracts
Non-Executive Directors have letters of engagement which set out their duties and time commitment expected. They are appointed for an
initial three-year term, subject to election and annual re-election by shareholders. Appointments are renewable for subsequent three-year
terms by mutual consent. Details are set out below:
                                                                                                                       Length of service as at
                                                                                                                         31 December 2021
Name                             Date of appointment                                                                         Years     Months
Chris Sinclair                   10 February 2015 (appointed Chair of the Board on 3 May 2018)                                  6            11
Olivier Bohuon                   1 January 2021                                                                                  1           0
Andrew Bonfield                  1 July 2018                                                                                    3            6
Nicandro Durante                 1 December 2013                                                                                8                1
Mary Harris                      10 February 2015                                                                               6            11
Mehmood Khan                     1 July 2018                                                                                    3            6
Pam Kirby                        10 February 2015                                                                               6            11
Sara Mathew                      1 July 2019                                                                                    2            6
Elane Stock                      1 September 2018                                                                               3            4
Margherita Della Valle           1 July 2020                                                                                     1           6

Executive Directors’ service contracts contain a 12-month notice period, as set out in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. Laxman Narasimhan
was appointed to the Board as CEO-Designate on 16 July 2019 and became CEO on 1 September 2019. Jeff Carr was appointed to the Board
as CFO on 9 April 2020. Directors’ service contracts and letters of engagement are available for inspection at the registered office.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              185
      Directors’ Remuneration Report (Continued)


      Advisors
      Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) was appointed by the Remuneration Committee as independent advisor effective from 1 January 2014 following
      a review of the advisor in late 2013. The Committee undertakes due diligence periodically to ensure that Deloitte remains independent of
      the company and that the advice provided is impartial and objective. Deloitte is a founding member of and signatory to the Code of Conduct
      for Remuneration Consultants, details of which can be found at www.remunerationconsultantsgroup.com. During 2021, Deloitte LLP also
      provided the Group with advice in numerous areas, including corporate, indirect and employment taxes, global mobility, and advisory and
      technology consulting.

      These services were provided under separate engagement terms and the Committee is satisfied that the provision of these services did not
      impair Deloitte’s ability to advise the Committee independently. Deloitte’s total fees for the provision of remuneration services were £412,500
      on the basis of time and materials. It should be noted that although we are only required to disclose the value of fees for services which
      materially assisted the Remuneration Committee, as with previous years, we have disclosed the full value of remuneration services from
      Deloitte, which includes advice to management and to the Remuneration Committee.

      Directors’ interests in shares and options under the LTIP1 (audited)

                                                                          Exercised/
                                                                              vested                                                   Market
                                                                          during the                                          Market  price at
                                                                                 year                                        price at  date of
                                                             Granted      (including        Lapsed                Option     date of exercise/
                                       Grant           At      during       dividend         during          At    price      award   vesting                     Exercise/
                                        date       1.1.21    the year         shares) 2    the year    31.12.21       (£)         (£)      (£)              vesting period
      Laxman Narasimhan
      Performance-
      based share options           05.08.19 150,000                 0               –             – 150,000        63.72                             May 2022-Aug 2029
                                    01.05.20 150,000                 0               –             – 150,000        65.20                             May 2023-May 2030
                                    28.05.21                  150,000                –             – 150,000        64.67                              May 2024-May 2031
      Performance-
      based share awards            05.08.19     75,000              0               –             –   75,000                    59.72                             May 2022
                                    01.05.20     75,000              0               –             –   75,000                   65.70                              May 2023
                                    28.05.21                   75,000                –             –   75,000                   63.68                              May 2024


      Buyout awards2                05.08.19      84,717             0         26,354        59,254           0                  59.72        64.12                Mar 2021
      Jeff Carr
      Performance-
      based share options           01.05.20     80,000               –              –             –   80,000       65.20                             May 2023-May 2030
                                    28.05.21                   80,000                –             –   80,000       64.67                              May 2024-May 2031
      Performance-
      based share awards            01.05.20     40,000               –              –             –   40,000                   65.70                              May 2023
                                    28.05.21                   40,000                –             –   40,000                   63.68                              May 2024

      1.   Vesting of these awards is subject to performance conditions set by the Remuneration Committee

      2.   Buyout awards in respect of legacy awards from previous employer that vest subject to PepsiCo performance and include 891 dividends accrued on vested shares




186
Strategic Report                                                 Governance                                                      Financial Statements




Directors’ interests in shares in the Deferred Bonus Plan1 (audited)
                                                                                                                                              Market          Market
                                                                            Exercised/                                                       price at        price at
                                                                Granted        vested          Lapsed                           Option       date of         date of
                                   Grant               At         during    during the          during              At           price        award          vesting       Vesting
                                    date           1.1.21       the year          year        the year        31.12.21              (£)           (£)             (£)       period
Laxman Narasimhan
Deferred Bonus Plan             23.03.20           1,259               0                –              –         1,259                            58.35            –      Mar 2023
Deferred Bonus Plan2            23.03.20          3,832                0                –              –         3,832                            58.35            –      Mar 2023
Deferred Bonus Plan             25.03.21                0         21,124                –              –         21,124                           64.22            –      Mar 2024
Jeff Carr
Deferred Bonus Plan             25.03.21                0          9,163                –              –          9,163                           64.22            –      Mar 2024

1.   One-third of the annual bonus is delivered in the form of conditional share awards which are deferred for three years

2.   One-third of the payment made by Reckitt in respect of the PepsiCo bonus that was forfeited by joining Reckitt. The award was made on the same terms as the other
     aforementioned award under the Deferred Bonus Plan

Executive employees may also participate in the all-employee Sharesave Scheme on the same basis as all other employees. The table below
details options held.
                                                                                                                                                        Market
                                                                    Granted      Exercised           Lapsed                           Option           price at
                                        Grant              At         during     during the       during the              At           price          exercise            Exercise
Sharesave Scheme                         date          1.1.21       the year           year             year        31.12.21              (£)               (£)            period
Laxman Narasimhan                    02.09.19            379                 0               –               –            379             47.44                –   Feb 23-Jul 23
Jeff Carr                            31.08.21               0              403               –               –            403             44.56                –   Feb 25-Jul 25

There have been no changes to the Directors’ interests as set out in the above tables between 31 December 2021 and 13 April 2022.

Directors’ interests in the share capital of the company (audited)
The Directors in office at the end of the year and those in office at 13 April 2022 had the following beneficial interests in the ordinary shares of
the company:
                                                                                                                                  13 April    31 December          31 December
                                                                                                                                     2022            2021                 2020
Olivier Bohuon1                                                                                                                        711                   711                 –
Andrew Bonfield                                                                                                                       639                   639               403
Jeff Carr                                                                                                                          30,000                 30,000            20,000
Nicandro Durante                                                                                                                     1,105                 1,105              883
Mary Harris                                                                                                                         2,784                  2,784             2,554
Mehmood Khan                                                                                                                          594                   594               399
Pam Kirby                                                                                                                           4,998                  4,998             3,768
Sara Mathew2                                                                                                                          487                   487               244
Laxman Narasimhan                                                                                                                  56,917                 56,917            42,104
Chris Sinclair                                                                                                                      11,328                11,328             9,906
Elane Stock                                                                                                                         2,487                  2,487             2,246
Margherita Della Valle                                                                                                                296                   296                74

1.   Olivier Bohuon was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021

2    Sara Mathew held her shares in the form of 2,436 American Depositary Receipts (ADR). Each ADR is equivalent to five ordinary shares at 10 pence each in the company

3.   No person who was a Director (or a Director’s connected person) on 31 December 2021 and at 13 April 2022 had any notifiable share interests in any subsidiary

4.   The company’s Register of Directors’ Interests (which is open to inspection) contains full details of Directors’ shareholdings and options to subscribe for shares

As approved and signed on behalf of the Board of Directors.

Mary Harris
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc

13 April 2022




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                              187
      REPORT OF THE
      DIRECTORS
      Introduction                                                                Results and dividends
      The Directors present their report, together with the Financial             The Consolidated Income Statement can be found on page 205.
      Statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021,                The loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the
      in accordance with section 415 of the Companies Act 2006                    company amounted to £32 million.
      (CA 2006). In accordance with section 414C (11) of CA 2006
                                                                                  The Directors resolved to pay an interim dividend of 73.0 pence
      certain matters required to be included in this Directors’ Report
                                                                                  per ordinary share (2020: 73.0 pence), which was paid to
      are included in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 103. The
                                                                                  shareholders on 14 September 2021.
      Strategic Report includes an indication of the likely future
      developments of the business, research and development                      The Directors recommend a final dividend for the year of 101.6
      activities of the Group and details of important events affecting           pence per share (2020: 101.6 pence) which, together with the
      the company. The Corporate Governance Report can be found                   interim dividend, makes a total dividend for the year of 174.6 pence
      on pages 104 to 127 and is deemed to be incorporated into this              per share (2020: 174.6 pence). During the year no shareholders
      Directors’ Report by reference.                                             waived their right to receive dividend payments.

      Further disclosure requirements contained in CA 2006,                       The final dividend, if approved by the shareholders at the
      Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups               forthcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the company, will
      (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, Part 3 of the Companies            be paid on 9 June 2022 to shareholders on the register at the close
      (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Financial Conduct           of business on 29 April 2022.
      Authority’s (FCA) Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance
                                                                                  Directors
      and Transparency Rules, which are deemed to form part of the
                                                                                  Details of the company’s Directors who served during the financial
      management report can be found on the following pages of the
                                                                                  year ended 31 December 2021 can be found on pages 108 to 113.
      Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021, and are
      incorporated into this Directors’ Report by reference:                      The rules governing the appointment and retirement of Directors
      Acquisitions and disposals                                      250-252     are set out in the company’s Articles of Association (the Articles)
                                                                                  and all appointments are made in accordance with the UK
      Awards under employee share schemes and
      long-term incentive schemes                                      245-249    Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code). Under the terms of
      Corporate Governance Statement including                                    reference of the Nomination Committee, all Director appointments
      internal control and risk management statements                  104-127    must be recommended by the Nomination Committee for approval
      Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, including                         by the Board of Directors.
      disclosure of information to the Auditor                             192
                                                                                  All Directors must submit themselves for re-election each year at
      Disclosure of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                          73
                                                                                  the AGM. At the 2022 AGM all Directors will offer themselves for
      Employment policy and employee involvement                           190
                                                                                  election or re-election in compliance with the Code. Details of the
      Engagement with employees, suppliers, customers
                                                                                  Directors standing for election or re-election can be found in the
      and others                                               52-65 and 68-71
                                                                                  2022 Notice of AGM. Information on the service agreements of
      Environmental, social and
                                                                                  Executive Directors can be found in the Directors’ Remuneration
      governance (ESG) matters                          16-21, 50-73 and 88-102
                                                                                  Report on pages 148 to 187. The letters of appointment of the
      Financial risk management and financial instruments             229-236
                                                                                  Non-Executive Directors are available for inspection at the
      Future developments in the business                               02-103
                                                                                  company’s registered office.
      Post Balance Sheet events                                            252
      Research and development activities                                10-67    Powers of Directors
      Shareholder information                                         268-270     The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the
      Sustainability and corporate responsibility                        10-67
                                                                                  business of the company and may exercise all powers of the company
                                                                                  subject to the provisions of the company’s Articles and CA 2006.
      Viability Statement                                                  103
      Charitable donations                                                 270    The Articles contain specific provisions and restrictions regarding the
      Subsidiary undertakings (including overseas branches)            259-267    company’s power to borrow money. Powers relating to the alteration
                                                                                  of share capital are also included in the Articles and shareholders are
      Information on the Board’s stakeholder engagement and activities            asked to renew such authorities each year at the AGM. A copy of the
      is set out in the s172 Statement, which can be found on pages 68            Articles is available on the company’s website at www.reckitt.com
      to 71.                                                                      or can be obtained upon written request from the Company
      There is no additional information requiring disclosure under Listing       Secretary or the UK Registrar of Companies, Companies House.
      Rule 9.8.4R.




188
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                    Financial Statements




Directors’ insurance and indemnities                                    In accordance with the Investment Association Share Capital
The company indemnifies the Directors and Officers of the               Management Guidelines, Directors will once again seek authority
company and any Group subsidiary to the extent permitted by             to allot further ordinary shares, in connection with a pre-emptive
section 236 of CA 2006 in respect of the legal defence costs for        offer by way of a rights issue, up to a further one-third of the
claims against them and third-party liabilities. The indemnity would    company’s existing issued share capital on the same date. The
not provide cover for a Director or Officer if that individual was      authorities sought would, if granted, expire at the earlier of six
found to have acted fraudulently or dishonestly. The Directors’ and     months after the company’s next accounting reference date, or at
Officers’ liability insurance cover was maintained throughout the       the conclusion of the AGM of the Company held in 2022, whichever
year ended 31 December 2021 at the company’s expense.                   is the sooner.

Directors’ interests                                                    Under section 561 CA 2006, shareholders have a right of first
A statement of Directors’ interests in the share capital of the         refusal in relation to certain issues of new shares. A special
company is shown on page 187 of the Directors’ Remuneration             resolution will also be proposed to renew the Directors’ power
Report. Details of Executive Directors’ options to subscribe for        to make non-pre-emptive issues for cash up to a nominal amount
shares in the company are included on page 186 in the audited           representing less than 10% of the company’s issued share capital
part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report.                             as at the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the
                                                                        Notice of AGM. The resolution would also permit Directors, within
During the year, none of the Directors had a material interest in any
                                                                        the same aggregate limit, to sell for cash, shares that may be held
derivative or financial instrument relating to the company’s shares.
                                                                        by the company in Treasury.
Details of the Directors’ remuneration are disclosed in the
Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 148 to 187.                     In accordance with the Pre-Emption Group’s Statement of
                                                                        Principles, the Investment Association Share Capital Management
No Director has a material interest in any ‘contract of significance’
                                                                        Guidelines and the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Associations’
(as defined by the FCA) to which the company, or any of its
                                                                        Corporate Governance Policy and Voting Guidelines 2019, the
subsidiary undertakings, is a party as at 31 December 2021.
                                                                        Directors confirm their intention that, other than in relation to a
Share capital                                                           rights issue, no more than 5% of the issued ordinary share capital
As at 31 December 2021, the company’s issued share capital              of the company, exclusive of treasury shares, will be issued for cash
consisted of 736,535,179 ordinary shares of 10 pence each of which      on a non-pre-emptive basis and no more than 7.5% of the share
714,412,199 were with voting rights and 22,122,980 ordinary shares      capital of the company, exclusive of Treasury shares, will be
were held in Treasury. Each share carries the right to one vote at      allotted for cash under a non-pre-emptive basis over a rolling
general meetings of the company. Details of changes to the              three-year period without prior consultation with shareholders, in
ordinary shares issued and of options and awards granted during         each case other than in connection with an acquisition or specified
the year are set out in Notes 24 and 25 to the Financial Statements.    capital investment which is announced contemporaneously with
The rights and obligations attached to the ordinary shares are          the allotment or which has taken place in the preceding six-month
contained in the company’s Articles. There are no restrictions on       period and is disclosed in the announcement of the allotment.
the voting rights attached to the company’s ordinary shares or the
                                                                        This authority will maintain the company’s flexibility in relation to
transfer of securities in the company except in the case of
                                                                        future share issues, including issues required to finance business
transfers of securities:
                                                                        opportunities, should appropriate circumstances arise.
•   That certain restrictions may from time to time be imposed
                                                                        Authority to purchase own shares
    by laws and regulations (for example, insider trading laws)
                                                                        Authority was granted to the Directors at the 2021 AGM for the
•   Pursuant to the Listing Rules of the United Kingdom Listing         purposes of section 701 of CA 2006 to repurchase shares in the
    Authority whereby certain employees of the company require          market and this authority remains valid until the conclusion of this
    the approval of the company to deal in the company’s                year’s AGM. There were no share repurchases during 2021.
    ordinary shares
                                                                        At the 2022 AGM, the Directors will seek to renew the authority
No person holds securities in the company which carry special           granted to them. Such authority, if approved, will be limited to a
voting rights with regard to control of the company. The company        maximum of 71,480,000 ordinary shares, representing less than 10%
is not aware of any agreements between holders of securities            of the company’s issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury
that may result in restrictions on the transfer of securities or on     shares) calculated as at the latest practicable date prior to
voting rights.                                                          publication of the Notice of AGM, and sets the minimum and
Allotment of shares                                                     maximum prices which may be paid.
At the 2021 AGM, authority was granted to the Directors under           The company’s present intention is to hold shares acquired under
section 551 of CA 2006 to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe     this authority in treasury to satisfy outstanding awards under
for, or convert any security into shares of the company. The            employee share incentive plans.
authority granted to the Directors will expire at the conclusion of
this year’s AGM. At the 2022 AGM, a resolution will be proposed to
the shareholders to renew the Directors’ authority to allot equity
shares representing approximately one-third of the company’s
issued share capital as at the latest practicable date prior to the
publication of the Notice of AGM.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         189
      Report of the Directors (Continued)


      Change of control and significant agreements                             It is essential to the continued improvement in performance,
      There are a number of agreements that take effect, alter or              efficiency and productivity throughout the Group that each
      terminate upon a change of control of the company following              employee understands the Group’s strategies, policies and
      a takeover, such as commercial contracts, bank agreements,               procedures. Open and regular communication with employees
      property lease arrangements and employee share plans. The                at all levels is an essential part of the organisational performance
      shareholder agreement between the company and JAB Holdings               management process. The Group operates multi-dimensional
      B.V. (JAB) at the time of the merger in 1999 entitled JAB to             two-way internal communications programmes which include the
      nominate Board Directors. A holding in excess of 20% or 10% of the       provision of a Group intranet and the publication of regular Group
      company’s ordinary shares entitles JAB to nominate two Directors         newsletters. Opinions of employees are sought on a variety of
      or one Director respectively. JAB’s current holding is below this        issues through mechanisms including global surveys, opinion polls,
      amount and there is currently no nominated Director on the Board.        team meetings and feedback forums. Further information on the
      None of these are deemed to be significant in terms of their             Group’s employee engagement activities is included on pages 46
      potential impact on the business of the Group as a whole.                to 49 and pages 55 to 56.

      There are no significant agreements between the company and              A continuing programme of training and development reinforces
      its Directors or employees providing for compensation for loss           the Group’s commitment to employee development. The Group
      of office or employment that occurs because of a takeover bid,           provides all employees with equal opportunities and the freedom
      except that provisions of the company’s share plans may cause            to succeed at work and recognises the importance of employee
      options and awards granted under such plans to vest on a                 health and well-being. Reckitt’s Leadership Behaviours create
      takeover, and if the employment of an Executive Director or other        an inclusive environment for employees to act with integrity,
      employee is terminated by the company following a takeover               responsibility and consistency in line with our renewed purpose,
      then there may be an entitlement to appropriate notice and/or            fight and compass set out on pages 14 to 15.
      compensation as provided in applicable contracts or terms
                                                                               Employee matters, incentives and share ownership
      of employment.
                                                                               Group incentive schemes reinforce financial and economic factors
      There is no information that the company is required to disclose         affecting the performance of the business. Employees typically
      about persons with whom it has contractual or other arrangements         have three to five performance objectives which are directly
      with, which are essential to the business of the company.                linked to their job and their specific contribution to the overall
                                                                               performance of the Group. In addition, presentations, videos
      Employees
                                                                               and Q&A sessions are held for employees around the world on
      During 2021, the Group employed an average of 41,800 (2020:
                                                                               publication of the Group’s financial results to provide employees
      43,500) employees worldwide, of whom 4,670 (2020: 4,328) were
                                                                               with awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting
      employed in the UK. The Group is committed to the principle of
                                                                               the company’s performance, and so that employee views are
      equal opportunity in employment: no applicant or employee
                                                                               fed back to management and taken into account when decisions
      receives less favourable treatment on the grounds of nationality,
                                                                               are made.
      age, gender, religion, race, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation
      or any other protected characteristics.                                  The company operates three all-employee share plans. Through
                                                                               these schemes, the Board encourages employees to become
      Employment applications are considered on the basis of a
                                                                               shareholders and to participate in the Group’s employee share
      person’s aptitude and ability, and fair consideration is given to all
                                                                               ownership schemes, should they so wish. Savings-related share
      applications regardless of nationality, age, gender, religion, race,
                                                                               plans covering most of the world give employees the opportunity
      ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected
                                                                               to acquire shares in the company by means of making regular
      characteristics. Where an employee has an existing disability or
                                                                               savings. We currently have around 50% of eligible employees
      becomes disabled during their employment, every practical effort
                                                                               participating. Further details on our all-employee share plans and
      is made to assist the employee in continuing their employment and
                                                                               awards made under executive share plans can be found in Note 25
      arranging appropriate training, All employees, including those with
                                                                               from page 245 of the Financial Statements.
      a disability, are treated in a fair and inclusive way throughout their
      careers, whether that means accessing training, development              Political donations
      opportunities or when seeking career progression. Further details        During the year, the company and its subsidiaries did not make
      of our Inclusion and Anti-Harassment policies can be found               any political donations or incur any expenditure, nor were
      at www.reckitt.com.                                                      any contemplated. In keeping with previous practice, at the
                                                                               forthcoming AGM shareholders will be asked in accordance
                                                                               with section 366 and section 376 of CA 2006 to approve, on a
                                                                               precautionary basis, for the company and its subsidiaries to make
                                                                               political donations and incur political expenditure for period ending
                                                                               31 December 2022.




190
Strategic Report                                            Governance                                      Financial Statements




Financial instruments and risk                                                     Application of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
The financial risk management objectives and policies of the                       We report against the requirements of the Code issued by the
Group are set out in Note 15, from page 229 of the Financial                       Financial Reporting Council. Details of how the company has
Statements. The Note sets out information on the company’s policy                  applied the Code principles and provisions can be found in the
for hedging each major type of forecasted transactions for which                   Corporate Governance Report on pages 104 to 127.
hedge accounting is used, and our exposure to currency, price risk,
                                                                                   Annual General Meeting (AGM)
credit risk, liquidity risk and cash flow risk in relation to the use of
                                                                                   The forthcoming AGM of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc will be held
financial instruments.
                                                                                   on 20 May 2022 at 2.00pm at London Heathrow Marriott Hotel,
Amendment to Articles of Association                                               Bath Road, Hayes, Middlesex, UB3 5AN.
The Articles of the company were adopted in 2012 and amended
                                                                                   A separate Notice of Meeting, setting out the resolutions to
in 2015 and 2021. Any amendments to the Articles may be made in
                                                                                   be proposed to shareholders, is available at www.reckitt.com.
accordance with the provisions of CA 2006 by special resolution of
                                                                                   The Board considers that each of the resolutions is in the best
the shareholders.
                                                                                   interests of the company and the shareholders as a whole. The
Independent Auditor                                                                Directors unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour
The External Auditor, KPMG LLP (KPMG), has indicated its                           of all the resolutions, as they intend to do so in respect of their
willingness to continue in office and a resolution proposing the                   own beneficial holdings.
reappointment of KPMG, and to authorise the Audit Committee
                                                                                   By Order of the Board
to determine its remuneration for the financial year ending
31 December 2022, will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.                         Catheryn O’Rourke
In accordance with section 418(2) of the CA 2006, each of the                      Company Secretary
Directors holding office at the date of this report confirm that:                  Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
                                                                                   103-105 Bath Road
•   so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit
                                                                                   Slough, Berkshire SL1 3UH
    information of which the company’s auditor is unaware; and
•   he or she has taken all reasonable steps to ascertain any                      Company registration number: 6270876
    relevant audit information and to ensure that the company’s                    Legal Entity Identifier: 5493003JFSMOJG48V108
    auditor is aware of that information.
                                                                                   13 April 2022
Substantial shareholdings
As at 31 December 2021, pursuant to DTR 5 of the FCA’s Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules and in accordance with section
13(C) of Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies
and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, the
company had received the following notices of substantial
interests (3% or more) in the total voting rights of the company:
                                                          Nature          % of
                                   Date of last TR-1           of      voting
Holder                                 notification      interest       rights
Massachusetts Financial
Services Company                    16 January 20131 Indirect               5.00
Morgan Stanley Investment
Management Limited                      20 May 2020        Direct           5.04

1   Under a section 793 CA 2006 request, Massachusetts Financial Services
    Company confirmed on 8 January 2021 that its aggregate holding had
    increased. The voting percentage was not disclosed

As at 13 April 2022, the company has not received any further
notifications under DTR 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  191
      STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’
      RESPONSIBILITIES
      IN RESPECT OF THE ANNUAL REPORT AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report             The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
      and the Group and Parent Company Financial Statements in                  records that are sufficient to show and explain the Parent
      accordance with applicable law and regulations.                           Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at
                                                                                any time the financial position of the Parent Company and enable
      Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and Parent
                                                                                them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the
      Company Financial Statements for each financial year. Under that
                                                                                CA 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
      law they are required to prepare the Group Financial Statements in
                                                                                determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
      accordance with International Accounting Standards in conformity
                                                                                statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
      with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (CA 2006) and
                                                                                to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such
      applicable law and have elected to prepare the Parent Company
                                                                                steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
      Financial Statements in accordance with UK accounting standards,
                                                                                the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
      including FRS 102, ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in
      the UK and Republic of Ireland’. In addition, the Group Financial         Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
      Statements are required under the UK Disclosure Guidance and              responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’ Report,
      Transparency Rules to be prepared in accordance with                      Directors’ Remuneration Report and Corporate Governance
      International Financial Reporting Standards adopted pursuant to           Statement that comply with that law and those regulations.
      Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union.
                                                                                The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
      Under company law the Directors must not approve the Financial            of the corporate and financial information included on the
      Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair       company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation
      view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company and          and dissemination of Financial Statements may differ from
      of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the Group   legislation in other jurisdictions.
      and Parent Company Financial Statements, the Directors are
                                                                                Responsibility statement of the Directors in respect of the
      required to:
                                                                                annual financial report
      •   Select suitable accounting policies and then apply                    We confirm that to the best of our knowledge:
          them consistently
                                                                                •   The Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with the
      •   Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable,                        applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair
          relevant and reliable                                                     view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or
      •   For the Group Financial Statements, state whether they have               loss of the company and the undertakings included in the
          been prepared in accordance with International Accounting                 consolidation taken as a whole
          Standards in conformity with the requirements of the                  •   The Annual Report and Financial Statements includes a fair
          Companies Act 2006, International Financial Reporting                     review of the development and performance of the business
          Standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002                and the position of the issuer and the undertakings included in
          as it applies in the European Union and, due to a requirement             the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description
          of the US SEC, state they have been prepared in accordance                of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face
          with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards
          Board (IASB)                                                          We consider the Annual Report and Financial Statements, taken
                                                                                as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides
      •   For the Parent Company Financial Statements, state whether
                                                                                the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s
          applicable UK accounting standards have been followed,
                                                                                position and performance, business model and strategy
          subject to any material departures disclosed and explained
          in the Parent Company Financial Statements                            On behalf of the Board
      •   Assess the Group and Parent Company’s ability to continue             Catheryn O’Rourke
          as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related        Company Secretary
          to going concern                                                      Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
      •   Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either          103-105 Bath Road
          intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to             Slough, Berkshire SL1 3UH
          cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so
                                                                                13 April 2022




192
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                    Financial Statements




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S
REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF RECKITT BENCKISER GROUP PLC
1 Our opinion is unmodified                                            Basis for opinion
We have audited the Financial Statements of Reckitt Benckiser          We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Group plc (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2021          Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our
which comprise the Group Income Statement, Group Statement of          responsibilities are described below. We believe that the audit
Comprehensive Income, Group Balance Sheet, Group Statement of          evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis
Changes in Equity, Group Cash Flow Statement, and the related          for our opinion. Our audit opinion and matters included in this
Notes, including the accounting policies in Note 1 to the Group        report are consistent with our report to the Audit Committee.
Financial Statements, and the Parent Company Balance Sheet,
                                                                       We were first appointed as auditor by the Shareholders on 3 May
Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity and the related
                                                                       2018. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is for the
Notes, including the accounting policies in Note 1 to the Parent
                                                                       four financial years ended 31 December 2021. The Group lead
Company Financial Statements.
                                                                       engagement partner is required to rotate after five years. This
In our opinion:                                                        is Richard Broadbelt’s fourth year as lead engagement partner.
                                                                       We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain
•   the Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the
                                                                       independent of the Group in accordance with, UK ethical
    state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as
                                                                       requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to
    at 31 December 2021 and of the Group’s loss for the year
                                                                       listed public interest entities. No non-audit services prohibited by
    then ended;
                                                                       that standard were provided.
•   the Group Financial Statements have been properly prepared in
                                                                       Overview
    accordance with UK-adopted international accounting
    standards;                                                         Materiality:    £135 million (2020: £150 million)
                                                                       Group Financial 5.2% (2020: 5.1%) of normalised Group profit/loss
•   the Parent Company Financial Statements have been properly
                                                                       Statements as before tax as defined in section 3
    prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
                                                                       a whole
    including FRS 102 the Financial Reporting Standard applicable in
    the UK and Republic of Ireland; and                                Coverage          76% (2020: 79%) of Group Net Revenue 83%
                                                                                         (2020: 83%) of total profits and losses that made
•   the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
                                                                                         up Group loss/profit before tax 84% (2020: 87%)
    with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
                                                                                         of Group total assets
Additional opinion in relation to IFRS as issued by the IASB:          Key audit matters                                               vs 2020
As explained in Note 1 to the Group Financial Statements, the
                                                                       Recurring risks   Revenue recognition in relation to trade
Group, in addition to complying with its legal obligation to apply
                                                                                         spend arrangements and associated
UK-adopted international accounting standards, has also applied
                                                                                         accruals
IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”).                                                                                Recoverability of goodwill and indefinite
                                                                                         life intangible assets relating to the IFCN
In our opinion the Group Financial Statements have been properly                         Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB.
                                                                                         Provisions for uncertain tax positions
                                                                                         (UTPs)
                                                                                         Contingent liabilities arising from the
                                                                                         amendment to the South Korean
                                                                                         Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) law
                                                                                         Recoverability of the Parent Company’s
                                                                                         investment in Reckitt Benckiser Limited
                                                                       Event driven      New: Allocation of consideration
                                                                                         between the Biofreeze brand intangible
                                                                                         and goodwill




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          193
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the Financial Statements and
      include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had
      the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.

      We include below the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, in arriving at our audit opinion above, together with our key
      audit procedures to address those matters and, as required for public interest entities, our results from those procedures. These matters were
      addressed, and our results are based on procedures undertaken, in the context of, and solely for the purpose of, our audit of the Financial
      Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and consequently are incidental to that opinion, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.


      Revenue recognition in           The risk: subjective estimate
      relation to trade spend          The Group regularly enters into complex arrangements providing pricing, placement and other promotional
      arrangements and                 rebates and allowances to its customers. These trade spend arrangements can vary in complexity by market,
      associated accruals              product category and customer.
      Trade spend accruals: (£1,137
                                       Revenue is measured net of outflows arising from such arrangements which, for agreements or practices
      million; 2020: £1,275 million)
                                       spanning a period end, requires an estimate of the extent and value of future activity. These estimates can be
      Refer to page 136 (Audit         subjective and require the use of assumptions that are susceptible to management bias and fraud.
      Committee Report), Note 1 on
                                       The Group operates a variable compensation scheme with outturns directly linked to financial performance
      page 216 (accounting policy)
                                       against targets. Strong financial performance could create an incentive to defer revenues into the next
      and Note 21 on page 240
                                       financial year by overstating trade spend accruals. Conversely, weaker financial performance may create a
      (financial disclosures).
                                       bias to understate trade spend accruals. Whilst the risk of a material misstatement in an individual market is
                                       remote, there is a risk that unacceptable judgements in multiple markets may, in aggregate, misstate the
                                       Group Financial Statements.

                                       The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk assessment, we determined that trade spend accruals
                                       carry a high degree of estimation uncertainty, with a potential range of reasonable outcomes greater than our
                                       materiality for the Group Financial Statements as a whole.
                                       Our procedures included:
                                       Accounting policies: We critically assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s accounting policies relating
                                       to trade spend.

                                       Historical comparisons: We assessed the accuracy of the Group’s accruals by comparing, for a selection of
                                       the more judgemental accruals, those recognised in the prior year to the actual trade spend incurred.

                                       With the assistance of KPMG Forensic specialists, we assessed the results of the investigation performed by
                                       management to assess evidence supporting the creation, utilisation and release of certain accruals within the
                                       Hygiene GBU. Where we identified significant differences between the expected and final quantum of outflow,
                                       we considered whether such differences were as a result of a change in estimate or error. We performed an
                                       assessment of whether an overstatement of accruals identified through these procedures was material.

                                       Tests of detail: We focused our testing on those trade spend accruals we considered to be more judgemental
                                       or potentially subject to management bias and fraud. For a sample of these trade spend accruals, we:

                                       •   reperformed the calculation to assess whether it was mathematically accurate;
                                       •   identified the key assumptions in the calculation of each accrual selected, such as forecast sales volumes,
                                           rebate structure and settlement mechanism;
                                       •   agreed those key assumptions to relevant documentation, such as invoices received after the balance
                                           sheet date, customer agreements or third-party consumption data; and
                                       •   assessed whether the key assumptions were consistent with external data points and the Group’s historic
                                           experience of comparable trade spend arrangements.

                                       Incorporating unpredictability into our audit: A requirement of auditing standards is that we undertake
                                       procedures which are deliberately unexpected and could not have reasonably been predicted by
                                       management. We performed unpredictable procedures over certain trade spend accruals in seven out of
                                       scope components in different geographic locations in the current year.

                                       Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in relation to the degree of
                                       estimation involved in arriving at the trade spend accruals and the resulting amount of trade spend deducted
                                       in determining Net Revenue.

                                       We performed the detailed tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because
                                       the detailed testing described is inherently the most effective means of obtaining audit evidence in this area.
                                       Our results:
                                       We found the trade spend accruals recognised to be acceptable (2020 result: acceptable).



194
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                          Financial Statements




2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement continued


Recoverability of goodwill       The risk: forecast-based valuation
and indefinite life intangible   The recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets relating to the Infant and Child Nutrition
assets relating to the IFCN      (“IFCN”) cash generating unit (“CGU”) is assessed using forecast financial information within a discounted cash
CGU                              flow model (“the model”).
IFCN goodwill and indefinite
                                 The disposal of IFCN China in 2021, and the resulting impact on the composition of the CGU has reduced the
life intangible assets (£5,668
                                 risk around the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets. Nonetheless, the model remains
million; 2020: £9,849 million)
                                 highly sensitive to changes in key assumptions, both in relation to forecast financial performance, in particular,
Impairment charge (£nil          Net Revenue growth and margin improvements, as well as external factors such as discount rates and
million; 2020: £985 million)     terminal growth rates.

Refer to page 136 (Audit         The specific assumptions considered most critical are the impact of long term birth rate trends, future
Committee Report), Note 1 on     category growth, the commercial success of new product launches including adult nutrition, the expansion of
page 216 (accounting policy)     specialty nutrition, the ability to pass on inflationary pressures through price rises, and the delivery of margin
and Note 9 on pages 222 to       improvements through productivity initiatives.
225 (financial disclosures).
                                 While the current year carrying amount of the IFCN CGU is supported by the value of the model, the
                                 recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU is subject to a high degree of estimation uncertainty.

                                 When conducting an impairment assessment, there is an inherent risk of fraud that the Group may use
                                 assumptions that are overly optimistic and which could result in no impairment charge being recognised.

                                 The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk assessment, we determined that the value in use of the
                                 IFCN CGU has a high degree of estimation uncertainty and there exists a reasonably possible set of changes
                                 in key assumptions that would result in a change to the IFCN valuation in excess of our materiality for the
                                 Group Financial Statements as a whole and possibly many times that amount. The Group Financial Statements
                                 (note 9) disclose the sensitivity estimated by the Group.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               195
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement continued


                                    Our procedures included:
                                    Sensitivity analysis: We considered the sensitivity of the recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU to reasonably
                                    possible changes in key assumptions, identified changes to these assumptions since previous forecasts, and
                                    focused our attention on those assumptions we considered to be most sensitive, judgemental or otherwise
                                    prone to management bias.

                                    Historical comparisons: We compared the actual performance of IFCN since acquisition against previous
                                    budgets and forecasts to assess the Group’s ability to forecast accurately and considered the impact on our
                                    evaluation of forecast growth. We critically challenged the margin projections by reference to those achieved
                                    historically, forecast volume trends, forecast and realised savings from the productivity programme and the
                                    Group’s historic ability to pass on cost inflation through price rises.

                                    We challenged the Group on the forecast commercial success of new product launches, particularly in
                                    relation to adult nutrition, and its ability to deliver forecast Net Revenue growth by assessing the Group’s past
                                    experience in bringing new or improved products to market.

                                    Benchmarking assumptions: We critically evaluated differences between Net Revenue growth assumptions
                                    within the model and external market data relating to projected growth for the product category. We
                                    critically challenged the Group on its assumptions relating to the expectations of long term birth rates and
                                    inflationary effects including through comparison to external market data sources.

                                    We benchmarked margin assumptions against industry competitors, external market volume growth
                                    forecasts and our assessment of the Group’s ability to achieve productivity savings. We also benchmarked
                                    the terminal growth rate assumptions against long-term estimates of inflation.

                                    Personnel interviews: We compared judgements made centrally to direct discussions with Nutrition GBU
                                    leadership, country General Managers and Finance Directors. We considered and challenged the Group’s
                                    assumptions with reference to any alternative views provided.

                                    We corroborated the consistency of key assumptions used within the model to papers presented to, and
                                    minutes taken at, meetings of the Board.

                                    Our valuation expertise: We independently derived a reasonable range of appropriate discount rates, with
                                    the assistance of our own valuation specialists, compared these to those calculated by the Group and
                                    challenged differences in assumptions between the calculations. We benchmarked the recoverable amount
                                    of the IFCN CGU using implied earnings multiples to comparative companies, historic transactions within the
                                    industry, including the Group’s disposal of IFCN China in 2021, and stockbrokers’ reports with the assistance of
                                    our own valuation specialists.

                                    Assessing transparency: We considered the adequacy of the disclosures provided by Note 9 of the Group
                                    Financial Statements in relation to relevant accounting standards. We paid particular attention to the
                                    transparency of the sensitivity disclosures, including that they appropriately reflect uncertainty inherent in the
                                    assessment of recoverable amount, as well as the impact of reasonable changes in key assumptions.

                                    We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because the nature
                                    of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the detailed
                                    procedures described.
                                    Our results:
                                    We found the Group’s conclusion that there is no impairment of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
                                    relating to the IFCN CGU to be acceptable (2020 result: we found the goodwill and indefinite life intangible
                                    assets, and the related impairment charge, to be acceptable).




196
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                            Financial Statements




2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement continued


Provisions for uncertain tax     The risk: subjective estimate
positions (UTPs)                 Due to the Group operating across a number of different tax jurisdictions, and the complexities of transfer
(£770 million; 2020: £950        pricing and other international tax legislation, it is subject to periodic challenge by local tax authorities on a
million)                         range of tax matters arising in the normal course of business.

Refer to page 136 (Audit         These challenges by the local tax authorities include but are not limited to:
Committee Report), Note 1 on
                                 •   transfer pricing arrangements relating to the Group’s operating model;
page 216 (accounting policy)
and Note 22 on page 240          •   transfer pricing arrangements relating to the ownership of intellectual property rights that are used across
(financial disclosures).             the Group;
                                 •   deductibility of interest on intra-Group borrowings;
                                 •   the European Commission’s ongoing State Aid investigations into transfer pricing ruling practices of certain
                                     member states.

                                 Provision for uncertain tax positions requires the Directors to make judgements and estimates in relation to
                                 tax issues and exposures where the Group may be challenged by local tax authorities on its interpretation of
                                 tax legislation. Auditor judgement is required to assess whether the Directors’ overall estimate, taking into
                                 account the Group’s internally derived key assumptions such as the risk rating applied to a certain jurisdiction
                                 and the consequential percentage applied to calculate the provision, falls within an acceptable range.

                                 The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk assessment, we determined that the estimates of
                                 uncertain tax positions has a high degree of estimation uncertainty, with a potential range of reasonable
                                 outcomes greater than our materiality for the Group Financial Statements as a whole.
                                 Our procedures included:
                                 Our tax expertise: We used our own international and local tax specialists to assist us to:

                                 •   Inspect and assess the Group’s centrally prepared transfer pricing policies to determine whether they
                                     reflect the risks, activities and substance of each of the entities within the supply chain; and
                                 •   Assess the Group’s tax positions, its correspondence with the relevant tax authorities, and to analyse and
                                     challenge the assumptions used to determine provisions for tax uncertainties based on our knowledge
                                     and experiences of the application of tax legislation.

                                 Historical comparisons: We assessed the historical accuracy of the provision level following any recent court
                                 judgements and results of relevant tax authority audits and considered the impact on the remaining provision.

                                 Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in respect of uncertain tax
                                 positions.

                                 We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because the nature
                                 of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the detailed
                                 procedures described above.
                                 Our results:
                                 We found the level of uncertain tax provisioning to be acceptable (2020 result: acceptable).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               197
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement continued


      Contingent liabilities arising   The risk: dispute outcome
      from the amendment to the        The Group is involved in an ongoing litigation relating to the HS issue in South Korea. The HS law amendment
      South Korean Humidifier          enacted on 25 September 2020 significantly altered the legal framework under which HS claims were
      Sanitiser (HS) law               previously made and settled. As a result, judgement is needed to assess whether the recognition criteria for a
      Refer to page 136 (Audit         provision have been met for additional litigation under the HS law amendment.
      Committee Report), Note 1 on
                                       The Group must assess the likelihood and extent of any future economic outflow arising from the HS law
      page 216 (accounting policy)
                                       amendment. The amounts involved are potentially significant, and the application of accounting standards to
      and Note 20 on page 239
                                       determine the amount, if any, to be provided for, is inherently subjective.
      (financial disclosures).
                                       Our procedures included:
                                       Enquiry of lawyers: We enquired of the Group’s internal and external counsel to obtain an understanding of
                                       this year’s developments, in particular the progress of litigations and the establishment of a mediation panel
                                       between HS companies and claimant groups.

                                       We made inquiries of the Group’s external legal counsel to understand developments in the matter. We
                                       requested and received formal correspondence directly from the Group’s external counsel that evaluated the
                                       current status of legal proceedings, the probability of economic outflow in relation to the law amendment,
                                       and the ability to reliably estimate such economic outflow.

                                       We corroborated the consistency of the judgement made by management to inquiries with both internal and
                                       external legal counsel.

                                       Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures of contingent liabilities
                                       related to the HS law amendment in Note 20 of the Group Financial Statements, particularly the uncertainties
                                       relating to the amount and timing of outflow.

                                       We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because the nature
                                       of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the detailed
                                       procedures described.
                                       Our results:
                                       We found the Group’s treatment of the impact of the HS law amendment as contingent liabilities to be
                                       acceptable (2020: acceptable).
      Allocation of consideration      The risk: forecast based valuation
      between the Biofreeze            On 12 July 2021, the Group purchased the Biofreeze and TheraPearl brands from Performance Health for
      brand intangible and             cash consideration of £766 million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination with net
      goodwill                         identifiable acquired assets of £495 million – substantially comprising of the Biofreeze brand intangible of
      Biofreeze brand intangible       £564 million – and goodwill of £271 million being recognised.
      asset £564 million; goodwill
                                       The Biofreeze brand intangible is recognised at fair value at the date of acquisition. To estimate fair value, the
      £271 million.
                                       Directors use a discounted forecast cash flow model (‘the model’), which requires the application of complex
      Refer to page 136 (Audit         valuation techniques and is sensitive to changes in key assumptions. Any changes in identifiable asset
      Committee Report), Note 1 on     valuation would impact the value of goodwill recognised.
      page 211 (accounting policy)
                                       Key assumptions in the model include forecast financial performance, in particular net revenue and margin
      and Note 29 on pages 250 to
                                       growth; as well as external factors such as forecast growth of the topical analgesic category as a whole and
      252 (financial disclosures).
                                       discount rates.

                                       As part of our risk assessment, we therefore determined that the allocation of consideration between the
                                       Biofreeze brand intangible and goodwill is dependent upon a number of key assumptions. There exists a
                                       reasonably possible set of changes in such assumptions that could result in a material change to value of
                                       consideration allocated to the Biofreeze brand intangible.




198
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




2 Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement continued


                                  Our procedures included:
                                  Sensitivity analysis: We considered the sensitivity of the Biofreeze brand intangible valuation to reasonably
                                  possible changes in assumptions and focused our attention to those assumptions which we considered the
                                  most critical to the valuation.

                                  Benchmarking assumptions: We evaluated the Net Revenue growth assumptions in the model with
                                  reference to historic Biofreeze performance and external market data relating to projected growth for the
                                  product category as a whole.

                                  Personnel interviews: We compared judgements made centrally to direct discussions with the relevant
                                  Finance Directors and Sales Managers. We considered and challenged the Group’s assumptions with
                                  reference to any alternative views provided in-market.

                                  Valuation expertise: With the assistance of our own valuation specialist we evaluated the basis used by the
                                  Group to value the acquired intangible assets. We challenged the appropriateness of the key assumptions
                                  underlying the Biofreeze brand intangible valuation, including the discount rate used.

                                  We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because the nature
                                  of the balances is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the detailed
                                  procedures described.
                                  Our results:
                                  We found the Group’s valuation of the Biofreeze brand intangible and the consequential goodwill balance at
                                  the acquisition date to be acceptable (2020 result: n/a).
Recoverability of the Parent      The risk: low risk, high value
Company’s investment in           The carrying amount of the Parent Company’s investment in its subsidiary, Reckitt Benckiser Limited,
the subsidiary, Reckitt           represents 99.5% (2020: 99.6%) of the Parent Company’s total assets. Its recoverability is not at a high risk of
Benckiser Limited                 significant misstatement or subject to significant judgement. However, due to its materiality in the context of
(£15,001 million, 2020: £14,975   the Parent Company Financial Statements, this is considered to be the area that had the greatest effect on
million)                          our overall Parent Company audit.

Refer to page 257                 Our procedures included:
(accounting policy) and page      Comparing valuations: We performed a reconciliation of the carrying amount of the investment to the
258 (financial disclosures).      market capitalisation of the Group as Reckitt Benckiser Limited, either directly or indirectly, owns all other
                                  subsidiaries of the Group.

                                  We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the company’s controls because the
                                  nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the detailed
                                  procedures described above.
                                  Our results:
                                  We found the Company’s conclusion that there is no impairment of its investment in the subsidiary to be
                                  acceptable (2020 result: acceptable).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              199
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      3 Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope           Group loss before tax normalised                     Group Materiality
                                                                                                                                   £135 million
      of our audit                                                            to exclude adjusting items
                                                                                                                                   (2020: £150 million)
      Materiality                                                             £2,593 million (2020: £2,934 million)
      Materiality for the Group Financial Statements as a whole was set                                                            £135 million
                                                                                                                                   Whole financial
      at £135 million, determined with reference to a benchmark of                                                                 statements materiality
      normalised Group loss before tax, of which it represents 5.2%. In                                                            (2020: £150 million)
      2020 materiality for the Group Financial Statements as whole was
      set at £150 million with reference to a benchmark of normalised                                                              £100 million
                                                                                                                                   Range of materiality at
      Group profit before tax (PBT), of which it represented 5.1%.                                                                 48 components
                                                                                                                                   (£8 million to £100 million)
      We normalised PBT (2020: PBT) by adding back adjustments that                                                                (2020: 54 components
      do not represent the normal, continuing operations of the Group.                                                             (£8 million to £100 million))
      The items we adjusted for were acquisition advisor costs,
      inventory fair value adjustments, losses on disposal of brands,
      reclassified foreign exchange translation on liquidation of
      subsidiaries and other individually material items of income or
      expense as defined on pages 85 to 86 totalling £2,854 million                  Group loss before tax normalised
      (2020: £1,061 million).                                                        to exclude adjusting items
                                                                                                                                   £6.0 million
                                                                                     Group materiality                             Misstatements reported
      Materiality for the Parent Company Financial Statements as a whole                                                           to the Audit Committee
      was set at £65 million (2020: £75 million) determined with                                                                   (2020: £7 million)

      reference to a benchmark of Parent Company total assets of
      £15,071 million (2020: £15,034 million) of which it represents 0.4%                                                Group profits and losses
      (2020: 0.5%).                                                                                                      that made up Group loss
                                                                              Group Net Revenue                          before tax
      In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
                                                                                                                             17%
      account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower                24%
      threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
      acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements                                                           17%
                                                                                             21%


                                                                                               76%                                        83%
      in individual account balances add up to a material amount across                                                            1%
      the Financial Statements as a whole. Performance materiality was
      set at 75% (2020: 75%) of materiality for the financial statements as                  (2020: 79%)                                (2020: 83%)

      a whole, which equates to £100 million (2020: £110 million) for the                            79%                                      82%
      Group and £49 million (2020: £55 million) for the parent Company.
                                                                                                                   76%
      We applied this percentage in our determination of performance
                                                                                                                                                      83%
      materiality because we did not identify any factors indicating an
      elevated level of risk.                                                 Group total assets
      We agreed to report to the Audit Committee any corrected or                     16%
      uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding £6.0 million
      (2020: £7.0 million) in addition to other identified misstatements
                                                                                              13%
      that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

                                                                                                84%
                                                                                            1%

      Scope
      The Group operates in more than 60 countries across six                                 (2020: 87%)

      continents with the largest market being the United States of                                 86%
      America. The Group is organised into three Global Business Units
      being Hygiene, Health and Nutrition.
                                                                                                             84%
      We scoped the audit by obtaining an understanding of the Group
      and its environment and assessing the risk of material misstatement     Key:

      at the Group and component level. We have considered                           Full scope for Group audit                Full scope for Group audit
                                                                                     purposes 2021                             purposes 2020
      components on the basis of their contribution to Group Net
      Revenue, total profits and losses that made up Group loss/profit               Audit of account balances 2021            Specified risk-focused
                                                                                                                               procedures 2020
      before tax and Group total assets. Of the Group’s 422 (2020: 429)
      reporting components, as instructed by us, component teams in 20               Residual components 2021                  Residual components 2020

      countries (2020: 21 countries) subjected 47 (2020: 54) to full scope
      audits for Group purposes and 1 (2020: 1) to an audit of account
      balance over inventory, cost of sales, property, plant and
      equipment, trade payables and cash. The component for which we
      performed work other than an audit for Group reporting purposes
      was not individually significant but was included in the scope of our
      Group reporting work in order to provide further coverage over the
      Group’s results. The components within the scope of our work
      accounted for the percentages illustrated opposite.




200
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                    Financial Statements




3 Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope           •   Review of key working papers within component audit files
of our audit continued                                                      (using remote technology capabilities) to understand and
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded                   challenge the audit approach and audit findings of each
from normalised Group loss before tax (2020: Group profit                   component audit.
before tax).
                                                                        The work on 46 of the 48 components (2020: 52 of the 54
The remaining 24% (2020: 21%) of Group Net Revenue, 17% (2020:          components) was performed by component auditors and the rest,
17%) of total profits and losses that made up Group loss/profit         including the audit of the Parent Company, was performed by the
before tax and 16% (2020: 13%) of Group total assets is represented     Group audit team.
by a number of other reporting components, none of which
                                                                        4 The impact of climate change on our audit
individually represented more than 1% (2020: 3%) of any of Group
                                                                        In planning our audit, we have considered the potential impact of
Net Revenue, total profits and losses that made up Group profit
                                                                        risks arising from climate change on the Group’s business and its
before tax or Group total assets. For these residual 374 (2020: 375)
                                                                        financial statements. This included considering the Group’s
components, we performed analysis at an aggregated Group level
                                                                        exposure to supply chain risks, physical risks, regulatory risks, market
to re-examine our assessment that no significant risks of material
                                                                        risks, and consumer preference risks. We considered that the key
misstatement exist in those components.
                                                                        estimate or judgement contained within the financial statements
The scope of the audit work performed was predominately                 for which climate change could have the greatest impact was the
substantive as we placed limited reliance upon the Group’s internal     recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
control over financial reporting.                                       relating to the IFCN CGU and considered the adequacy of the
                                                                        Group’s sensitivity disclosures in relation to the impact of climate
Team Structure
                                                                        change on the impairment test. We concluded that, given the likely
The Group audit team is required to instruct the component teams
                                                                        impact of the Group’s current climate plans, climate-related risks
about their responsibilities in relation to the consolidated Group
                                                                        were not a key assumption in the value in use calculation.
audit and to understand the approach taken by component
auditors to meet these responsibilities. The Group audit team is        While the impact of climate change on the Group is inherently
also required to understand the conclusions reached by                  uncertain, our risk assessment was therefore that the impact of
component auditors and to review and challenge the work they            climate change does not currently have a material impact on the
have performed to reach these conclusions.                              financial statements. Climate change therefore only had a limited
                                                                        impact on the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in
Due to the continuation of travel restrictions imposed as a result of
                                                                        the audit and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
COVID-19, the Group audit team was again unable to physically visit
any overseas components in 2021 (2020: no components). Instead,         We have read the Group’s TCFD Summary on pages 66 to 67 of the
the virtual communication and oversight strategy implemented in         Strategic Report and considered the consistency of this disclosure
2020 remained in place between the Group audit team and                 with the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
component auditors. This included:
                                                                        5 Going Concern
•   Virtual global planning conferences led by the Group audit          The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements on the going
    team to discuss key audit risks and obtain input from               concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Group or the
    component auditors;                                                 Parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they have
•   Instructions issued by the Group audit team to component            concluded that the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial
    auditors setting out the significant areas to be covered,           position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
    including the relevant key audit matters identified above and       there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
    the information to be reported back to the Group audit team;        doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for at least a
                                                                        year from the date of approval of the Financial Statements (“the
•   Approval by the Group audit team of the component materiality
                                                                        going concern period”).
    for all components, which ranged from £8 million to £100 million
    (2020: £8 million to £100 million), having regard to the mix of     We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the general
    size and risk profile of the Group across the components,           economic environment to identify the inherent risks to its business
    including considering the benchmark for each component;             model and analysed how those risks might affect the Group’s and
•   Attendance by senior members of the Group audit team and            Parent Company’s financial resources or ability to continue
    relevant component auditors at management’s balance sheet           operations over the going concern period. The risks that we
    reviews for all in-scope component locations and by the Group       considered most likely to adversely affect the Group’s and Parent
    audit team at 1 out-of-scope component locations, the latter to     Company’s available financial resources and metrics relevant to
    incorporate an element of unpredictability into our audit and to    debt covenants over this period were:
    reconfirm our risk;                                                 •   In relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, disruption at a number of
•   Risk assessment and challenge sessions with each component              the Group’s key production facilities, the viability of key
    audit team in the planning and final phases of the audit led by a       suppliers and customers, and the impact of consumer demand
    senior member of the Group audit team;                                  for the Group’s brands;
•   Attendance by members of the Group audit team and relevant          •   A significant product safety issue leading to reputational
    component auditors at year end clearance meetings where the             damage with customers, consumers or regulators; and
    findings reported to the Group audit team were discussed in         •   The impact of a significant business continuity issue, outside of
    more detail and any further work required by the Group audit            those risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting the
    team was then performed by the component auditors; and                  Group’s manufacturing facilities or those of its suppliers.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            201
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      5 Going Concern continued                                                    which the Group operates. The forensic specialists participated
      We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the                 in the initial fraud risk assessment discussions and were
      liquidity or covenant compliance in the going concern period by              consulted throughout the audit when further guidance was
      comparing severe, but plausible downside scenarios that could                deemed necessary.
      arise from these risks individually and collectively against the level
                                                                               We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
      of available financial resources and covenants indicated by the
                                                                               and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.
      Group’s financial forecasts.
                                                                               This included communication from the Group to component audit
      Our procedures also included an assessment of whether the going          teams of relevant fraud risks identified at the Group level and
      concern disclosure in note 1 to the Financial Statements gives a         request to all component audit teams to report to the Group audit
      complete and accurate description of the Directors’ assessment of        team any instances of fraud that could give rise to a material
      going concern.                                                           misstatement at Group.

      Our conclusions based on this work:                                      As required by auditing standards, and after considering the
                                                                               impact of the Group’s results against performance targets, we
      •   we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis
                                                                               perform procedures to address the risk of management override
          of accounting in the preparation of the Financial Statements is
                                                                               of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition. We
          appropriate;
                                                                               assessed that there is an inherent risk that Group and component
      •   we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’               management may be in a position to make inappropriate
          assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to      accounting entries, and risk of bias in accounting estimates and
          events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast    judgements. We determined that these risks would most likely
          significant doubt on the Group’s or Parent Company’s ability to      manifest themselves in two key areas being:
          continue as a going concern for the going concern period;
                                                                               •   Trade spend accruals may be manipulated to alter the timing of
      •   we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation
                                                                                   recognition of revenue and profit; and
          to the directors’ statement in note 1 to the Financial Statements
          on the use of the going concern basis of accounting with no          •   Management bias in the recoverability of goodwill and
          material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the          indefinite life intangible assets relating to IFCN arising from
          Group and Parent Company’s use of that basis for the going               external pressure to demonstrate improved business
          concern period, and we found the going concern disclosure in             performance since the disposal of IFCN China in 2021.
          note 1 to be acceptable; and                                         Further detail in respect of both matters is set out in the key audit
      •   the related statement under the Listing Rules set out on page        matter disclosures in section 2 of this report.
          192 is materially consistent with the Financial Statements and
                                                                               We performed procedures including:
          our audit knowledge.
                                                                               •   For all components within scope, identifying journal entries to
      However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and
                                                                                   test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries
      as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent
                                                                                   to supporting documentation. These included unusual journal
      with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were
                                                                                   entries associated with trade spend.
      made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group or
      the Parent Company will continue in operation.                           We discussed with the audit committee matters related to actual
                                                                               or suspected fraud, which included the results of an investigation
      6 Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect         commissioned by management to assess evidence supporting
      Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement             the creation, utilisation and release of certain operational
      due to fraud                                                             expenditure and trade investment accruals within the Hygiene
      To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud          GBU (page 137), and considered any implications for our audit.
      risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an
      incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to       Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
      commit fraud.                                                            related to compliance with laws and regulations
                                                                               We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
      Our risk assessment procedures included:                                 be expected to have a material effect on the Financial Statements
      •   Enquiry of Directors, operational managers, the General              from our general commercial and sector experience, through
          Counsel, the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and members         inquiries with the Directors and other management (as required
          of the Internal Audit function as well as inspection of minutes of   by auditing standards), and from inspection of the Group’s
          meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Executive Committee          regulatory and legal correspondence, relevant discussion with the
          and CRSEC Committee;                                                 Group’s external legal counsel and inspection of the policies and
                                                                               procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.
      •   Inspection of the Group’s policies and procedures to prevent,
          detect and respond to the risks of fraud, Internal Audit reports     We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
          issued during the year and reports to the Group’s                    team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance
          whistleblowing hotline and the responses to those reports,           throughout the audit. This included communication from the Group
          including those concerning investigations;                           to all component audit teams of relevant laws and regulations
      •   Consideration of the Group’s results against performance             identified at the Group level, and a request for component auditors
          targets and the Group’s remuneration policies;                       to report to the Group audit team any instances of non-compliance
                                                                               with laws and regulations that could give rise to a material
      •   Consultation with our own forensic specialists to assist us in
                                                                               misstatement at the Group level.
          identifying fraud risks based on their experience of comparable
          businesses, similar sectors; as well as of the geographies in




202
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                    Financial Statements




6 Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect          In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
continued                                                                 non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the Financial       intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
Statements varies considerably.                                           internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
                                                                          material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
                                                                          non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect
impact the Financial Statements including financial reporting
                                                                          non-compliance with all laws and regulations.
legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable
profits legislation, and taxation legislation (direct and indirect). We   7 We have nothing to report on the other information in the
assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and                     Annual Report
regulations as part of our procedures on the related Financial            The Directors are responsible for the other information presented
Statement items.                                                          in the Annual Report together with the Financial Statements. Our
                                                                          opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other
Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
                                                                          information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material
                                                                          or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance
effect on amounts or disclosures in the Financial Statements, for
                                                                          conclusion thereon.
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation or the loss of
the Group’s permission to operate in countries where the                  Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
non-adherence to laws could prevent trading in such countries.            consider whether, based on our Financial Statements audit work,
We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such       the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
an effect:                                                                the Financial Statements or our audit knowledge.

•   Employee health and safety, reflecting the nature of the Group’s      Based solely on that work we have not identified material
    production and distribution process;                                  misstatements in the other information.
•   Anti-bribery and corruption, reflecting that the Group operates       Strategic report and directors’ report
    in a number of countries where there is an opportunity to             Based solely on our work on the other information:
    engage in bribery given more limited regulation;
                                                                          •   we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic
•   Interaction with healthcare professionals, reflecting the nature
                                                                              report and the Directors’ report;
    of the Group’s products in the Health and Nutrition Global
    Business Units;                                                       •   in our opinion the information given in those reports for the
                                                                              financial year is consistent with the Financial Statements; and
•   Global competition laws, reflecting the nature of the Group’s
    business and certain market share positions;                          •   in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance
                                                                              with the Companies Act 2006.
•   Consumer product law such as product safety, quality
    standards and product claims, reflecting the nature of the            Directors’ remuneration report
    Group’s diverse product base;                                         In our opinion the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be
•   Data privacy laws, reflecting the Group’s growing amounts of          audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
    personal data held; and                                               Companies Act 2006.

•   Intellectual property legislation, reflection the potential of the    Disclosures of emerging and principal risks and longer-term
    Group to infringe trademarks, copyright and patents.                  viability
                                                                          We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify
                                                                          is a material inconsistency between the Directors’ disclosures in
non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the
                                                                          respect of emerging and principal risks and the viability statement,
Directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and
                                                                          and the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational
regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant               Based on those procedures, we have nothing material to add or
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.                     draw attention to in relation to:

Further detail in respect of the effect of ongoing litigation relating    •   the Directors’ confirmation within the Viability Statement (page
to the HS issue in South Korea is set out in the key audit matter             103) that they have carried out a robust assessment of the
disclosures in section 2 of this report.                                      emerging and principal risks facing the Group, including those
                                                                              that would threaten its business model, future performance,
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
                                                                              solvency and liquidity;
of law or regulation
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an                •   the principal and emerging risk disclosures describing these
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material                  risks and how emerging risks are identified, and explaining how
misstatements in the Financial Statements, even though we have                they are being managed and mitigated; and
properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
                                                                          •   the Directors’ explanation in the Viability Statement of how they
auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
                                                                              have assessed the prospects of the Group, over what period
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
                                                                              they have done so and why they considered that period to be
transactions reflected in the Financial Statements, the less likely
                                                                              appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
                                                                              reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue in
would identify it.
                                                                              operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period
                                                                              of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing
                                                                              attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             203
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


      7 We have nothing to report on the other information in the           9 Respective responsibilities
      Annual Report continued                                               Directors’ responsibilities
      We are also required to review the Viability Statement, set out on    As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 192, the
      page 103 under the Listing Rules. Based on the above                  Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the Financial
      procedures, we have concluded that the above disclosures are          Statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
      materially consistent with the Financial Statements and our audit     view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to
      knowledge.                                                            enable the preparation of Financial Statements that are free from
                                                                            material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing
      Our work is limited to assessing these matters in the context of
                                                                            the Group and Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going
      only the knowledge acquired during our Financial Statements
                                                                            concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
      audit. As we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as
                                                                            concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
      subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent
                                                                            they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or
      with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were
                                                                            to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
      made, the absence of anything to report on these statements is
      not a guarantee as to the Group’s and Parent Company’s                Auditor’s responsibilities
      longer-term viability.                                                Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
                                                                            the Financial Statements as a whole are free from material
      Corporate governance disclosures
                                                                            misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our
      We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there
                                                                            opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
      is a material inconsistency between the Directors’ corporate
                                                                            of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in
      governance disclosures and the Financial Statements and our
                                                                            accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
      audit knowledge.
                                                                            misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
      Based on those procedures, we have concluded that each of the         error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
      following is materially consistent with the Financial Statements      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
      and our audit knowledge:                                              decisions of users taken on the basis of the Financial Statements.

      •   the Directors’ statement that they consider that the Annual       A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s
          Report and Financial Statements taken as a whole is fair,         website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
          balanced and understandable, and provides the information
                                                                            10 The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our
          necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and
                                                                            responsibilities
          performance, business model and strategy;
                                                                            This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in
      •   the section of the Annual Report describing the work of the       accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006
          Audit Committee, including the significant issues that the        and the terms of our engagement by the Company. Our audit work
          Audit Committee considered in relation to the Financial           has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s
          Statements, and how these issues were addressed; and              members those matters we are required to state to them in an
      •   the section of the Annual Report that describes the review of     auditor’s report, and the further matters we are required to state
          the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and              to them in accordance with the terms agreed with the company,
          internal control systems.                                         and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law,
                                                                            we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
      We are also required to review the part of the Corporate
                                                                            the Company and the Company’s members, as a body, for our
      Governance Statement relating to the Group’s compliance with
                                                                            audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.
      the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified
      by the Listing Rules for our review.

      We have nothing to report in this respect.

      8 We have nothing to report on the other matters on which we
      are required to report by exception
      Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you
      if, in our opinion:                                                   Richard Broadbelt (Senior Statutory Auditor)
                                                                            for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
      •   adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
                                                                            Chartered Accountants
          Parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
                                                                            15 Canada Square
          been received from branches not visited by us; or
                                                                            London
      •   the Parent Company Financial Statements and the part of the       E14 5GL
          Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in
          agreement with the accounting records and returns; or             13 April 2022

      •   certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
          are not made; or
      •   we have not received all the information and explanations we
          require for our audit.

      We have nothing to report in these respects.




204
Strategic Report                                  Governance   Financial Statements




GROUP INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                                       2021      2020
For the year ended 31 December                                          Note            £m        £m
CONTINUING OPERATIONS
Net Revenue                                                                2          13,234    13,993
Cost of sales                                                                         (5,558)   (5,558)
Gross profit                                                                           7,676    8,435
Loss on disposal of intangible assets and related businesses              29          (3,518)        –
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                         9               –     (985)
Other net operating expenses                                               3          (4,962)   (5,290)
Total net operating expenses                                                          (8,480)   (6,275)
Operating (loss)/profit                                                    2           (804)     2,160
Foreign exchange net gains on liquidation of subsidiaries                  6            766          –
Other net finance expense                                                  6            (219)    (286)
Net finance income/(expense)                                               6            547      (286)
Share of loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax                                   (3)       (1)
(Loss)/profit before income tax                                                        (260)     1,873
Income tax credit/(charge)                                                 7            208      (720)
Net (loss)/income from continuing operations                                             (52)    1,153
Net income from discontinued operations                                   30              31       50
Net (loss)/income                                                                        (21)    1,203
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 11        16
Attributable to owners of the parent company                                             (32)    1,187
Net (loss)/income                                                                        (21)    1,203
Basic (loss)/earnings per ordinary share
From continuing operations (pence)                                         8            (8.8)    160.0
From discontinued operations (pence)                                       8             4.3       7.0
From total operations (pence)                                              8            (4.5)    167.0
Diluted (loss)/earnings per ordinary share
From continuing operations (pence)                                         8            (8.8)    159.3
From discontinued operations (pence)                                       8             4.3       7.0
From total operations (pence)                                              8            (4.5)    166.3




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                   205
      GROUP STATEMENT OF
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                           2021    2020
      For the year ended 31 December                                                                                Note    £m      £m
      Net (loss)/income                                                                                                     (21)   1,203
      Other comprehensive expense
      Items that have or may be reclassified to the Income Statement in subsequent years
      Net exchange losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax                                                 7    (374)   (207)
      Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserves on disposal or liquidation of foreign operations,
      net of tax                                                                                                     26    (550)      –
      Gains/(losses) on net investment hedges, net of tax                                                             7     84      (75)
      Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                  7     30       (17)
                                                                                                                           (810)   (299)
      Items that will not be reclassified to the Income Statement in subsequent years
      Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans, net of tax                                                     7     133     (60)
      Revaluation of equity instruments – FVOCI                                                                       7      (1)     19
                                                                                                                            132      (41)
      Other comprehensive expense, net of tax                                                                              (678)   (340)
      Total comprehensive (expense)/income                                                                                 (699)    863
      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                              11      16
      Attributable to owners of the parent company                                                                         (710)    847
      Total comprehensive (expense)/income                                                                                 (699)    863
      Total comprehensive (expense)/income attributable to owners of the parent company arising from:
      Continuing operations                                                                                                (741)    797
      Discontinued operations                                                                                                31      50
                                                                                                                           (710)    847




206
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                     Financial Statements




GROUP BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                                                           2021        2020
As at 31 December                                                                                           Note            £m          £m
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                             9       18,868      22,979
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                   10         2,178      2,233
Equity instruments                                                                                          11, 15           194        136
Deferred tax assets                                                                                             12           197        258
Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                     23           355         226
Other non-current receivables                                                                                   14           149        146
Total non-current assets                                                                                                  21,941     25,978
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                                   13       1,459          1,592
Trade and other receivables                                                                                   14       1,926           1,921
Derivative financial instruments                                                                              15           61             30
Current tax recoverable                                                                                       22          155            125
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     16        1,261         1,646
Total current assets                                                                                                   4,862          5,314
Assets held for sale                                                                                                      143              –
Total assets                                                                                                          26,946         31,292
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings                                                                                         17         (2,485)        (763)
Provisions for liabilities and charges                                                                        18            (191)       (243)
Trade and other payables                                                                                      21         (5,267)      (5,742)
Derivative financial instruments                                                                              15             (52)        (118)
Current tax liabilities                                                                                       22             (93)         (72)
Total current liabilities                                                                                                (8,088)      (6,938)
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings                                                                                          17       (7,078)         (9,794)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                      12       (2,806)        (3,562)
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                23         (318)           (372)
Provisions for liabilities and charges                                                                        18          (44)             (49)
Non-current tax liabilities                                                                                   22         (826)         (1,021)
Other non-current liabilities                                                                                 21         (333)           (397)
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                         (11,405)       (15,195)
Total liabilities                                                                                                     (19,493)       (22,133)
Net assets                                                                                                              7,453           9,159
EQUITY
Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                                                                 24            74             74
Share premium                                                                                                             253            252
Merger reserve                                                                                                        (14,229)       (14,229)
Other reserves                                                                                                26        (1,189)         (379)
Retained earnings                                                                                                      22,490         23,397
Attributable to owners of the parent company                                                                            7,399           9,115
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                   54             44
Total equity                                                                                                            7,453           9,159

The Financial Statements on pages 205 to 252 were approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf on 13 April 2022 by:

Christopher Sinclair                      Laxman Narasimhan
Director                                  Director
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc               Reckitt Benckiser Group plc



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           207
      GROUP STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                 attributable
                                                                                                                                  to owners
                                                                                                                                       of the               Non-
                                                             Share         Share          Merger            Other       Retained       parent         controlling           Total
                                                            capital     premium          reserves1       reserves2      earnings    company             interests          equity
                                               Notes           £m            £m               £m              £m              £m          £m                  £m             £m
      Balance at 1 January 2020                                    74         245         (14,229)             (80)       23,353            9,363              44          9,407
      Comprehensive income
      Net income                                                    –             –              –               –           1,187           1,187              16          1,203
      Other comprehensive
      (expense)/income                                              –             –              –           (299)             (41)          (340)               –           (340)
      Total comprehensive (expense)/
      income                                                        –             –              –           (299)           1,146            847               16           863
      Transactions with owners
      Treasury shares reissued                     24               –            7               –               –             124             131               –             131
      Share-based payments                         25               –             –              –               –              15              15               –              15
      Purchase of ordinary shares by
      employee share ownership trust                                –             –              –               –              (4)             (4)              –              (4)
      Tax on share awards                            7              –             –              –               –               4               4               –               4
      Cash dividends                               28               –             –              –               –          (1,241)         (1,241)            (16)        (1,257)
      Total transactions with owners                                –            7               –               –          (1,102)        (1,095)             (16)         (1,111)
      Balance at 31 December 2020                                  74         252         (14,229)           (379)        23,397             9,115             44           9,159
      Comprehensive income
      Net (loss)/income                                             –             –              –               –             (32)            (32)             11             (21)
      Other comprehensive
      (expense)/income                                              –             –              –            (810)            132           (678)               –           (678)
      Total comprehensive (expense)/
      income                                                        –             –              –           (810)            100            (710)              11          (699)
      Transactions with owners
      Treasury shares reissued                     24               –             1              –               –              79             80                –             80
      Purchase of ordinary shares by
      employee share ownership trust                                –             –              –               –              (5)             (5)              –              (5)
      Issuance of shares to non-
      controlling interest                                          –             –              –               –               –               –               7               7
      Share-based payments                         25               –             –              –               –              30             30                –             30
      Cash dividends                               28               –             –              –               –          (1,246)        (1,246)             (17)        (1,263)
      Transactions with non-
      controlling interests                        27               –             –              –               –             135             135               –            135
      Disposal of non-controlling
      interest in IFCN China                       29               –             –              –               –               –               –               9               9
      Total transactions with owners                                –             1              –               –         (1,007)         (1,006)              (1)       (1,007)
      Balance at 31 December 2021                                  74         253         (14,229)          (1,189)       22,490            7,399              54          7,453

      1.   The merger reserve relates to the 1999 combination of Reckitt & Colman plc and Benckiser N.V. and a Group reconstruction in 2007 treated as a merger under Part 27 of the
           Companies Act 2006

      2.   Refer to Note 26 for an explanation of other reserves




208
Strategic Report                                     Governance                        Financial Statements




GROUP CASH FLOW
STATEMENT
                                                                                                               2021      2020
For the year ended 31 December                                                                  Note            £m        £m
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Operating (loss)/profit from continuing operations                                                             (804)     2,160
Losses on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                         3,442          3
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                       481      1,457
Share-based payments                                                                                             30         15
Increase in inventories                                                                                          (57)     (317)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                              (130)      94
(Decrease)/increase in payables and provisions                                                                  (126)    1,145
Cash generated from continuing operations                                                                     2,836     4,557
Interest paid                                                                                                   (251)    (323)
Interest received                                                                                                29        56
Tax paid                                                                                                        (915)    (762)
Net cash flows attributable to discontinued operations                                            29              (2)      (10)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                                   1,697     3,518
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                      (373)     (394)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                   (77)       (92)
Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment                                                            9        10
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets and related businesses, net of cash disposed                           1,622         –
Acquisition of businesses                                                                                       (915)        –
Purchase of equity instruments and convertible notes                                                             (27)      (36)
Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities                                                        239       (512)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Treasury shares reissued                                                                          24             80        131
Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership trust                                                     (5)       (4)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           17            38     2,903
Repayment of borrowings                                                                            17         (1,044)   (4,583)
Dividends paid to owners of the parent company                                                    28          (1,246)   (1,241)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                      (17)      (16)
Other financing activities                                                                                       (92)      (47)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                                         (2,286)   (2,857)
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                         (350)      149
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                                             1,644     1,547
Exchange losses                                                                                                 (35)       (52)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                                                   1,259     1,644
Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          16          1,261     1,646
Overdrafts                                                                                         17             (2)       (2)
                                                                                                               1,259     1,644




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                           209
      NOTES TO THE
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      1 Accounting Policies                                                   •   Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
      The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of             IFRS Practice Statement 2)
      these Financial Statements are set out below. Unless otherwise          •   Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8)
      stated, these policies have been consistently applied to all the
      years presented.                                                        Going concern
                                                                              Having assessed the principal risks and other matters discussed in
      Basis of preparation                                                    connection with the Viability Statement, the Directors considered
      These Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance             it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
      with the recognition, measurement and presentation requirements         preparing the consolidated Financial Statements. When reaching
      of UK-adopted International Accounting Standards and in                 this conclusion, the Directors took into account the Group’s
      accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting          overall financial position, exposure to principal risks and future
      Standards Board (IASB).                                                 business forecasts. At 31 December 2021, the Group had cash
      These Financial Statements have been prepared under the                 and cash equivalents of £1.3 billion. The Group also had access
      historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of certain   to committed borrowing facilities of £4.5 billion, which were
      financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments)     undrawn at year-end and are not subject to renewal until 2024
      at fair value through profit or loss or other comprehensive income.     onwards. Further detail is contained within the Viability Statement
      A summary of the Group’s accounting policies is set out below.          on page 103.
      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the             Basis of consolidation
      consideration given in exchange for goods and services.                 The consolidated Financial Statements include the results of
      The preparation of Financial Statements that conform to IFRS            Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, a company registered in the UK,
      requires management to make estimates and assumptions that              and all its subsidiary undertakings made up to the same accounting
      affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the Balance    date. Subsidiary undertakings are those entities controlled by
      Sheet date and revenue and expenses during the reporting period.        Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. Control exists where the Group
      Although these estimates are based on management’s best                 is exposed to, or has the rights to variable returns from its
      knowledge at the time, actual amounts may ultimately differ from        involvement with, the investee and has the ability to use its
      those estimates.                                                        power over the investee to affect its returns.

      New standards, amendments and interpretations                           Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
      The following amended standards and interpretations were                transactions between Group companies have been eliminated on
      adopted by the Group during the year ending 31 December 2021.           consolidation. Unrealised losses have also been eliminated to the
      These amended standards and interpretations have not had a              extent that they do not represent an impairment of a transferred
      significant impact on the Group Financial Statements.                   asset. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed
                                                                              where necessary to ensure consistency with accounting policies
      •   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 (Amendments to             adopted by the Group.
          IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16)
                                                                              Foreign currency translation
      A number of new standards are effective for annual periods              Items included in the Financial Statements of each of the Group’s
      beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and earlier application            entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
      is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted the              environment in which the entity operates (the functional currency).
      new or amended standards in preparing these consolidated                The consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Sterling,
      Financial Statements.                                                   which is the Group’s presentational currency.
      •   Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
          to IAS 37).                                                         currency using exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
      •   Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use         transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
          (Amendments to IAS 16).                                             settlement of foreign currency transactions and from the
      •   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current             translation of foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
          (Amendments to IAS 1).                                              liabilities are recognised in the Income Statement, except where
                                                                              hedge accounting is applied.
      •   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020
      •   Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3)
      •   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
          a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12)




210
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                     Financial Statements




1 Accounting Policies continued                                            Disposals of intangible assets and subsidiaries
The Financial Statements of subsidiary undertakings with a                 The financial performance of subsidiaries and businesses are
non-Sterling functional currency are translated into Sterling on the       included in the Group Financial Statements up to the point on
following basis:                                                           which the Group ceases to have control over that subsidiary.
                                                                           Intangible assets not disposed of through the sale of shares in
•   Assets and liabilities, at the rate of exchange ruling at the
                                                                           subsidiaries are treated as disposed at the point that the Group
    year-end date.
                                                                           ceases to control the asset.
•   Income Statement items, at the average rate of exchange for
    the year.                                                              The difference between the fair value of the consideration (net of
                                                                           costs) and the carrying value of the assets and liabilities disposed
Exchange differences arising from the translation of the net               is recognised as a gain or loss in the Income Statement. Any
investment in subsidiary undertakings with a non-Sterling                  amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
functional currency, and of borrowings and other currency                  respect of that subsidiary or asset, including exchange gains or
instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are                  losses on foreign currency translation, are accounted for as if the
recorded in equity on consolidation.                                       Group had directly disposed of related assets and liabilities. This
Business combinations                                                      results in a reclassification of amounts previously recognised in
The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition              other comprehensive income to the Income Statement and
of subsidiaries and businesses. Identifiable net assets acquired           included within the Loss on disposal of intangible assets and
(including intangible assets) in a business combination are                related businesses.
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.           Where the assets and liabilities disposed represent a partial
Where the measurement of the fair value of identifiable net assets         disposal of a cash generating unit to which goodwill has been
acquired is incomplete at the end of the reporting period in which         allocated, goodwill is allocated using a relative value approach to
the combination occurs, the Group will report provisional fair             the disposal group, unless a different method better reflects
values. Final fair values are determined within a year of the              goodwill associated with the disposal.
acquisition date and retrospectively applied.                              Where the tax base will not be transferred with the disposed
The excess of the consideration transferred and the amount of              assets, the deferred tax balances relating to the intangible assets
any non-controlling interest over the fair value of the identifiable       are not considered part of the assets disposed and are instead
assets (including intangibles), liabilities and contingent liabilities     credited or charged to the Income Statement within Income
acquired is recorded as goodwill.                                          tax expense.

The consideration transferred is measured at the fair value of the         Liquidation of subsidiaries
assets given, equity instruments issued (if any), and liabilities          The Group liquidates subsidiaries that are no longer required in
assumed or incurred at the date of acquisition.                            order to simplify the group structure. As part of this process, the
                                                                           Group ensures any outstanding matters relating to the subsidiary
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.                        are resolved. Once this is completed, control is passed to the
The results of the subsidiaries and businesses acquired are included       liquidator and any amounts previously recognised in other
in the consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date.        comprehensive income in respect of that subsidiary, including
                                                                           exchange gains or losses on foreign currency translation, are
Assets held for sale and disposal groups                                   reclassified to the Income Statement, and included within net
Non-current assets, or disposal groups comprising assets and               finance income/(expense).
liabilities, are classified as held-for sale and presented separately in
the balance sheet when the following criteria are met: the Group is        Non-controlling interests
committed to selling the asset or disposal group, it is available for      On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis the non-controlling interest
immediate sale in its current condition, an active plan of sale has        is measured at either fair value or a proportionate share of the
commenced and approved in line with Group policy, and in the               acquiree’s net assets.
judgement of Group management it is highly probable that the               Purchases of non-controlling interests are accounted for as
sale will be completed within 12 months.                                   transactions with the owners and therefore no goodwill is
Immediately before the initial classification of the assets and            recognised as a result of such transactions.
disposal groups as held for sale, the carrying amounts of the assets       Revenue
(or all the assets and liabilities in the disposal groups) are measured    Revenue from the sale of products is recognised in the Group
in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. Goodwill           Income Statement as and when performance obligations are
(including cost and accumulated impairment) is allocated to the            satisfied by transferring control of the product or service to
disposal group using a relative value approach, unless a different         the customer.
method better reflects goodwill associated with the disposal.
                                                                           Net revenue is defined as the amount invoiced to external
Assets held for sale and disposal groups are subsequently measured         customers during the year and comprises, as required by IFRS 15,
at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of         gross sales net of trade spend, customer allowances for credit
disposal. Impairment losses on initial classification as held-for-sale,    notes, returns and consumer coupons. The methodology and
and subsequent gains and losses on remeasurement to fair value             assumptions used to estimate credit notes, returns and consumer
less costs of disposal, are recognised in the Income Statement.            coupons are monitored and adjusted regularly in the light of
Once classified as held-for-sale, intangible assets and property,          contractual and legal obligations, historical trends, past experience
plant and equipment are no longer amortised or depreciated.                and projected market conditions.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            211
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      1 Accounting Policies continued                                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities within the same tax jurisdiction
      Trade spend, which consists primarily of customer pricing                are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset
      allowances, placement/listing fees and promotional allowances,           current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where there
      is governed by sales agreements with the Group’s trade                   is an intention to settle these balances on a net basis.
      customers (retailers and distributors). Trade spend also includes
                                                                               Goodwill and other intangible assets
      reimbursement arrangements under the Special Supplemental
                                                                               (i) Goodwill
      Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), payable
                                                                               Goodwill is allocated to the cash generating unit (CGU), or group
      to the respective US State WIC agencies.
                                                                               of CGUs (GCGU), to which it relates and is tested annually for
      Accruals are recognised under the terms of these agreements              impairment. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated
      to reflect the expected activity level and the Group’s historical        impairment losses.
      experience. These accruals are reported within trade and
                                                                               (ii) Brands
      other payables.
                                                                               Separately acquired brands are shown at cost less accumulated
      Value-added tax and other sales taxes are excluded from                  amortisation and impairment. Brands acquired as part of a business
      net revenue.                                                             combination, and that are separately identifiable are recognised
                                                                               at fair value and amortised over their useful economic life as
      Operating segments
                                                                               determined at the acquisition date (up to 20 years), except when
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
                                                                               their life is determined as being indefinite.
      internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker
      (CODM). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources            Applying indefinite lives to certain acquired brands is appropriate
      and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been            due to the stable long-term nature of the business and the
      identified as the Group Executive Committee.                             enduring nature of the brands. A core element of the Group’s
                                                                               strategy is to invest in building its brands through an ongoing
      Research and development
                                                                               programme of product innovation and continuing marketing
      Research expenditure is expensed in the year in which it
                                                                               investment. Within the Group, a brand typically comprises an
      is incurred.
                                                                               assortment of base products and more innovative products. Both
      Development expenditure is expensed in the year in which it              contribute to the enduring nature of the brand. The base products
      is incurred, unless it meets the requirements of IAS 38 to be            establish the long-term positioning of the brand while a succession
      capitalised and then amortised over the useful life of the               of innovations attracts ongoing consumer interest and attention.
      developed product.                                                       Indefinite life brands are allocated to the CGUs or GCGUs to which
                                                                               they relate and are tested annually for impairment.
      Income tax
      Income tax on the profit/(loss) for the year comprises current and       The Directors also review the useful economic life of brands
      deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in the Income Statement           annually, to ensure that these lives are still appropriate. If a brand is
      except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other        considered to have a finite life, its carrying value is amortised over
      comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the tax        its remaining estimated useful economic life.
      is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
                                                                               (iii) Software
      equity, respectively.
                                                                               Expenditure relating to the acquisition of computer software
      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for        licences and systems are capitalised at cost. The assets are
      the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted in each       amortised on a straight-line basis over a period of seven years
      jurisdiction at the Balance Sheet date, and any adjustment to tax        for systems and five years or less for all other software licences.
      payable in respect of previous years.
                                                                               (iv) Distribution rights
      Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on         Payments made in respect of product registration, acquired and
      temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets            reacquired distribution rights are capitalised where the rights
      and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated           comply with the above requirements for recognition of acquired
      Financial Statements. Deferred tax is not accounted for if it arises     brands. If the registration or distribution rights are for a defined
      from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction   time period, the intangible asset is amortised over that period.
      (other than a business combination) that affects neither accounting      If no time period is defined, the intangible asset is treated in the
      nor taxable profit or loss at that time. Deferred tax is determined      same way as acquired brands.
      using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                                                                               (v) Customer contracts
      enacted at the Balance Sheet date and are expected to apply
                                                                               Acquired customer contracts are capitalised at cost. These
      when the deferred tax asset or liability is settled. Deferred tax
                                                                               costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over the period
      assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future
                                                                               of the contract.
      taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
      differences can be utilised.                                             (vi) Customer relationships
                                                                               Customer relationships are shown at cost less accumulated
      Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences arising on
                                                                               amortisation and impairment. Customer relationships acquired as
      investments in subsidiaries except where the investor is able to
                                                                               part of a business combination, and that are separately identifiable
      control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and
                                                                               are recognised at fair value and amortised over their useful
      it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                                                                               economic life as determined at the acquisition date (up to 10 years).
      foreseeable future.




212
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                       Financial Statements




1 Accounting Policies continued                                            Right of use assets
(vii) Acquired intellectual property                                       At commencement date, right of use assets are measured at cost,
Intellectual property rights acquired as part of the business and          which comprises the following:
that are separately identifiable are recognised at fair value and
                                                                           •   The initial measurement of the lease liability;
amortised over their useful economic life as determined at the
acquisition date (up to 20 years).                                         •   Prepayments before commencement date of the lease;
                                                                           •   Initial direct costs; and
Amortisation of intangible assets in (ii) to (vii) is charged to cost of
goods sold or net operating expenses depending on the use of               •   Costs to restore.
the asset.                                                                 Subsequent to initial recognition right of use assets are
Property, plant and equipment                                              depreciated on a straight-line basis over the duration of the
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated           contract. Right of use assets are assessed for impairment where
depreciation and impairment, with the exception of freehold land,          indicators of impairment are present.
which is shown at cost less impairment. Cost includes expenditure          Lease liabilities
that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Except      At commencement date, lease liabilities are measured at the
for freehold land and assets under construction, the cost of               present value of lease payments not yet paid including:
property, plant and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line
basis over the period of the expected useful life of the asset.            •   Fixed payments excluding lease incentive receivables;
For this purpose, expected lives are determined within the                 •   Future contractually agreed fixed increases; and
following limits:                                                          •   Payments related to renewals or early termination, when
•   Freehold buildings: not more than 50 years;                                options to renew or for early termination are reasonably certain
                                                                               to be exercised.
•   Leasehold land and buildings: the lesser of 50 years or the life
    of the lease; and                                                      Subsequent to initial recognition lease liabilities are increased by
•   Owned plant and equipment: not more than 15 years (except              the interest costs on the lease liabilities and decreased by lease
    for environmental assets and spray dryers which are not more           payments made. Lease liabilities held are remeasured to account
    than 30 years).                                                        for revised future payments.

In general, production plant and equipment and office equipment            Impairment of assets
are depreciated over ten years or less; motor vehicles and                 Assets that have indefinite lives, including goodwill and brands, are
computer equipment over five years or less.                                tested annually for impairment at the level where cash flows are
                                                                           considered to be largely independent. This testing is performed at
Assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted        either the CGU or GCGU level. All CGUs and GCGUs are tested for
if necessary, at each Balance Sheet date. Property, plant and              impairment if there is an event or circumstance that indicates that
equipment is reviewed for impairment if events or changes in               their carrying value may not be recoverable. If the carrying value
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be                 exceeds its recoverable amount an impairment loss is recognised
appropriate. Freehold land is reviewed for impairment on an                in the Income Statement. The recoverable amount is the higher
annual basis.                                                              of the CGU or GCGU’s value in use and its fair value less costs
Gains and losses on the disposal of property, plant and equipment          of disposal.
are determined by comparing the asset’s carrying value with any            Value in use is calculated with reference to the future and terminal
sale proceeds and are included in the Income Statement.                    cash flows expected to be generated by each CGU or GCGU (or
Leases                                                                     group of assets where cash flows are not identifiable to specific
The Group has various lease arrangements for buildings (such as            assets). The discount rates used in the impairment reviews are
offices and warehouses), cars, and IT and other equipment. Lease           based on weighted-average cost of capital (WACC) specific to
terms are negotiated on an individual basis locally and subject            each CGU and GCGU, with the WACC converted to the implied
to domestic rules and regulations. At the inception of a lease             pre-tax rates.
contract, the Group assesses whether the contract conveys the              Fair value less costs of disposal is calculated using a discounted
right to control the use of an identified asset for a certain period in    cash flow approach prepared on a market participant basis, with a
exchange for consideration, in which case it is identified as a lease.     post-tax discount rate applied to projected risk-adjusted post-tax
The Group recognises a right of use asset and a corresponding              cash flows and terminal value.
lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which it is
the lessee, except for short‑term leases (defined as leases with           Inventories
a lease term of 12 months or less) and leases of low value assets.         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Low value leases are those with an underlying asset value of               Cost comprises materials, direct labour and an appropriate portion
US$5,000 or less. For these leases, the Group recognises the lease         of overhead expenses (based on normal operating capacity)
payments as an operating expense on a straight‑line basis over the         required to get the inventory to its present location and condition.
term of the lease.                                                         Inventory valuation is determined on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis.
                                                                           Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less
                                                                           applicable selling expenses.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               213
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      1 Accounting Policies continued                                          When the hedged forecast transaction subsequently results in the
      Trade and other receivables                                              recognition of a non-financial item such as inventory, the amount
      Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at the fair value   accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging
      of consideration less transaction costs and subsequently held at         reserve is included directly in the initial cost of the non-financial
      amortised cost, less provision for discounts and doubtful debts.         item when it is recognised. For all other transactions, the amounts
      Allowance losses are calculated by reviewing lifetime expected           accumulated in the hedging reserve are recycled to the Income
      credit losses using historic and forward-looking data on credit risk.    Statement in the period (or periods) when the hedged item
                                                                               affects the Income Statement.
      Trade and other payables
      Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair                If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting
      value including transaction costs and subsequently carried               or the hedging instrument is sold, expires, is terminated, or is
      at amortised cost.                                                       exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively.
                                                                               The amount that has been accumulated in the hedging reserve
      Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                               remains in equity until it is either included in the cost of a non-
      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and
                                                                               financial item or recycled to the Income Statement.
      other deposits with a maturity of less than three months
      when deposited.                                                          Derivatives designated as fair value hedges: Fair value hedges are
                                                                               used to manage the currency and/or interest rate risks to which
      For the purpose of the cash flow statement, bank overdrafts that
                                                                               the fair value of certain assets and liabilities are exposed. Changes
      form an integral part of the Group’s cash management, and are
                                                                               in the fair value are recognised in the Income Statement, together
      repayable on demand, are included as a component of cash and
                                                                               with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or
      cash equivalents. Bank overdrafts are included within short-term
                                                                               liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. If such a hedge
      borrowings in the Balance Sheet.
                                                                               relationship no longer meets hedge accounting criteria, fair value
      Borrowings                                                               movements on the derivative continue to be taken to the Income
      Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair             Statement while any fair value adjustments made to the underlying
      value less, where permitted by IFRS 9, any directly attributable         hedged item to that date are amortised through the Income
      transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-          Statement over its remaining life using the effective interest
      bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost with any                 rate method.
      difference between cost and redemption value being recognised
                                                                               Changes in the fair value of any derivative instruments that do not
      in the Income Statement over the period of the borrowings on an
                                                                               qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the
      effective interest basis.
                                                                               Income Statement.
      Derivative financial instruments and hedging activity
                                                                               Net investment hedges
      The Group may use derivatives to manage its exposures to
                                                                               Gains and losses on those hedging instruments designated
      fluctuating interest and foreign exchange rates. These instruments
                                                                               as hedges of the net investments in foreign operations are
      are initially recognised at fair value on the date the contract is
                                                                               recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent that the
      entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value.
                                                                               hedging relationship is effective. Gains and losses accumulated in
      The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on
                                                                               the foreign currency translation reserve are recycled to the Income
      whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument and,
                                                                               Statement when the foreign operation is disposed of.
      if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
                                                                               Equity instruments (FVOCI)
      At the inception of designated hedge relationships, the Group
                                                                               Equity instruments (FVOCI) are investments that are neither held
      documents its risk management objectives and strategy for
                                                                               for trading nor classified as investments in subsidiaries, associates
      undertaking various hedging transactions. The Group also
                                                                               or joint arrangements. Subsequent to their initial recognition,
      documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an
                                                                               equity instruments (FVOCI) are stated at their fair value. Gains
      ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging
                                                                               and losses arising from subsequent changes in the fair value are
      transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash
                                                                               recognised in the Income Statement or in other comprehensive
      flows or fair values of hedged items.
                                                                               income on a case by case basis. Accumulated gains and losses
      The Group designates certain derivatives as either:                      included in other comprehensive income are not recycled to the
                                                                               Income Statement. Dividends from other investments are
      •   hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset
                                                                               recognised in the Income Statement.
          or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow
          hedges); or                                                          Investment in associates
      •   hedges of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or      Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity
          a firm commitment (fair value hedges).                               method. An associate is an entity over which the Group has
                                                                               significant influence, being the power to participate in the
      Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges:                              investee’s financial and operating policy decisions without control
      •   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives    or joint control.
          that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is               Interests in associates are stated in the consolidated balance sheet
          recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in          at cost, adjusted for the movement in the Group’s share of their
          the hedging reserve. Any gain or loss relating to the ineffective    net assets and liabilities. The Group’s share of the profit or loss
          portion is recognised immediately in the Income Statement.           after tax of associates is included in the Group’s consolidated
                                                                               profit before taxation. Unrealised intragroup profits or losses
                                                                               from transactions are offset against the carrying amount of the
                                                                               investment on a pro-rata basis during consolidation, if material.



214
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                    Financial Statements




1 Accounting Policies continued                                        The net pension plan interest is presented as finance
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an            income/expense.
associate, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless
                                                                       Post-retirement benefits other than pensions
it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of
                                                                       Some Group companies provide post-retirement medical care to
the associate.
                                                                       their retirees. The costs of providing these benefits are accrued
The Financial Statements of the companies accounted for using          over the period of employment and the liability recognised in the
the equity method are prepared in accordance with uniform              Balance Sheet is calculated using the projected unit credit method
accounting and measurement methods throughout the Group.               and is discounted to its present value and the fair value of any
                                                                       related asset is deducted.
Employee share schemes
Incentives in the form of shares are provided to employees under       Provisions
share option and restricted share schemes vested in accordance         Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
with non-market conditions.                                            constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is more likely
                                                                       than not that there will be an outflow of resources to settle that
The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled
                                                                       obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions
share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over
                                                                       are valued at the present value of the Directors’ best estimate of
the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
                                                                       the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the Balance
instruments that will eventually vest. At each Balance Sheet date,
                                                                       Sheet date. Where it is possible that an outflow of resources may
the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
                                                                       be required to settle the obligation or it is not possible to make a
expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original
                                                                       reliable estimate of the estimated financial impact, appropriate
estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the
                                                                       disclosure is made but no provision recognised.
cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
corresponding adjustment to equity reserves.                           Share capital transactions
                                                                       When the Group purchases equity share capital, the amount
Additional employer costs, including social security taxes,
                                                                       of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs,
in respect of options and awards are charged to the Income
                                                                       is recognised as a change in equity. Purchased shares are either
Statement over the same period with a corresponding
                                                                       held in Treasury, in order to satisfy employee options, or cancelled
liability recognised.
                                                                       and, in order to maintain capital, an equivalent amount to the
Repurchase and reissuance of ordinary shares                           nominal value of the shares cancelled would be transferred from
When shares recognised as equity are repurchased, the amount           retained earnings.
of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs,
                                                                       Dividend distribution
is recognised as a charge to equity. Repurchased shares are
                                                                       Dividends to owners of the Parent Company are recognised as
classified as Treasury shares and are presented in retained
                                                                       a liability in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
earnings. When Treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently,
                                                                       company’s shareholders. Interim dividends are recorded in the
the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity and any
                                                                       period in which they are approved and paid.
resulting surplus is presented within share premium or deficit
presented within retained earnings.                                    Dividend payments are recorded at fair value. Where non-cash
                                                                       dividend payments are made, gains arising as a result of fair
Pension commitments
                                                                       value remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss in the
Group companies operate defined contribution and (funded and
                                                                       same period.
unfunded) defined benefit pension plans.
                                                                       Accounting estimates and judgements
The cost of providing pensions to employees who are members of
                                                                       In preparing these consolidated Financial Statements, management
defined contribution plans is charged to the Income Statement as
                                                                       has made judgements and estimates that affect the application
contributions are made. The Group has no further payment
                                                                       of the Group’s accounting policies and the reported amounts of
obligations once the contributions have been paid.
                                                                       assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual amounts and results
The deficit or surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet in respect of   may differ from these estimates.
defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined
                                                                       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
benefit obligation at the Balance Sheet date, less the fair value
                                                                       ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
of the plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated
                                                                       the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects
annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
                                                                       only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods
method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is
                                                                       if the revision affects both current and future periods.
determined by discounting the estimated future cash flows by the
yield on high-quality corporate bonds denominated in the currency      Critical judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies
in which the benefits will be paid, and that have a maturity           Over the course of the year, management has made a number of
approximating to the terms of the pension obligations. The costs       critical judgements in the application of the Group’s accounting
of providing these defined benefit plans are accrued over the          policies. These include the following:
period of employment. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised
                                                                       •   Management has identified matters (including the Korea HS
immediately in other comprehensive income.
                                                                           issue) that may incur liabilities in the future but does not
Past-service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss.           recognise these liabilities when it is too early to determine the
                                                                           likely outcome or make a reliable estimate (Note 18, Note 20).
The net interest amount is calculated by applying the discounted
rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the             •   The continuing enduring nature of the Group’s brands supports
beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability/asset.        the indefinite life assumption of these assets (Note 9).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        215
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      1 Accounting Policies continued                                          •   Unutilised tax losses, tax credits and availability of mutual
      • Assumptions are made as to the recoverability of tax assets                agreement procedures between tax authorities; and
         especially as to whether there will be sufficient future taxable      •   Statute of limitations.
         profits in the same jurisdictions to fully utilise losses in future
         years (Note 12).                                                      Management is of the opinion that the carrying values of the
                                                                               provisions made in respect of these matters represent the most
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty                                    accurate measurement once all facts and circumstances have
      Each year, management is required to make a number of                    been taken into account. Nevertheless, the final amounts paid
      assumptions regarding the future. The related year-end accounting        to discharge the liabilities arising (either through negotiated
      estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the final actual results.    settlement or litigation) will in all likelihood be different from the
      The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of            provision recognised. The net liabilities recognised in respect of
      causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets          uncertain tax positions as at 31 December 2021 are £770 million
      and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.      (2020: £950 million) (Note 22).
      Goodwill and Indefinite life intangible assets:                          Trade spend:
      Under IFRS, goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets must    The Group provides for amounts payable to our trade customers
      be tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. As disclosed       for promotional activity and government reimbursement
      further in Note 9, this testing generally requires management to         arrangements. Where an activity spans across the year end, an
      make multiple estimates, for example around individual market            accrual is reflected in the consolidated Financial Statements based
      pressures and forces, future price and volume growth, future             on our estimation of customer and consumer uptake during the
      margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates.                       relevant period and the extent to which temporary funded activity
      In 2021, the Group recognised impairment losses of £nil (2020: £985      has occurred. As there is a timing difference between that initial
      million, all of which related to IFCN goodwill). In addition to the      estimation and final settlement of trade spend with our customers,
      estimates outlined above, the IFCN impairment assessment                 differences can result on final settlement. As at 31 December 2021,
      incorporated estimates relating to future birth rates and future         the Group recognised total accruals of £1,137 million (2020: £1,275
      WIC tendering in the US. Refer to Note 9 for further information,        million) in respect of amounts payable to trade customers and
      including details on the sensitivity of IFCN value-in-use to             government bodies for trade spend. The Group’s trade spend
      reasonable changes in key assumptions.                                   arrangements vary considerably by market and category, and the
                                                                               Group’s trade spend accruals are made up of many individually
      Tax:                                                                     small accruals. Therefore, an aggregated disclosure of sensitivity
      The actual tax paid on profits is determined based on tax laws and       analysis on the key inputs to trade spend accrual estimates would
      regulations that differ across the numerous jurisdictions in which       not be practicable nor meaningful. Nevertheless, a 12% (2020: 12%)
      the Group operates. Assumptions are made in applying these laws          difference between those initial estimates and final settlement
      to the taxable profits in any given period in order to calculate         would cause a material adjustment in the next financial year.
      the tax charge for that period. Where the eventual tax paid or
      reclaimed is different to the amounts originally estimated, the          Other estimates
      difference is charged or credited to the Income Statement in the         Set out below are other estimates where there is a risk of
      period in which it is determined (Note 7).                               adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
                                                                               within the next financial year, but the risk of a material adjustment
      The Group operates in an international tax environment and is            is not significant.
      subject to tax examinations and uncertainties in a number of
      jurisdictions. The issues involved can be complex and disputes may       Legal provisions:
      take a number of years to resolve. Each uncertainty is separately        The Group recognises legal provisions in line with the Group’s
      assessed and management applies judgement in the recognition             provisions policy. The level of provisioning in relation to civil and/or
      and measurement of the uncertainty based on the relevant                 criminal investigations is an area where management and legal
      circumstances. The exposure recognised is calculated based on            judgement are important, with individual provisions being based
      the expected value method or the most likely outcome method,             on best estimates of the potential loss, considering all available
      depending on whether there are a wide range of possible                  information, external advice and historical experience. As at
      outcomes or if resolution of the uncertainty is concentrated on one      31 December 2021, the Group recognised legal provisions of £180
      outcome. In particular, the range of possible outcomes relating to       million (2020: £232 million) in relation to a number of historical
      transfer pricing exposures can be wide and in these scenarios the        regulatory and other matters in various jurisdictions.
      expected value method is employed. The accounting estimates              Defined benefit pension plan:
      and judgements considered include:                                       The value of the Group’s defined benefit pension plan obligations
      •   Status of the unresolved matter;                                     is dependent on a number of key assumptions. These assumptions
                                                                               include the rate of increase in pensionable salaries, the discount
      •   Clarity of relevant legislation and related guidance;
                                                                               rate to be applied, the level of inflation and the life expectancy of
      •   Pre-clearances issued by taxing authorities;                         the schemes’ members. Details of the key assumptions and the
      •   Advice from in-house specialists and opinions of                     sensitivity of the principal schemes’ carrying value to changes in
          professional firms;                                                  the assumptions are set out in Note 23.
      •   Resolution process and range of possible outcomes;
      •   Past experience and precedents set by the particular
          taxing authority;
      •   Decisions and agreements reached in other jurisdictions on
          comparable issues;



216
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                                     Financial Statements




2 Operating Segments
The Group’s operating segments comprise of the Hygiene, Health and Nutrition business units reflecting the way in which information is
presented to and reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the purposes of making strategic decisions and
assessing Group-wide performance. The CODM is the Group Executive Committee. This Committee is responsible for the implementation of
strategy (approved by the Board), the management of risk (delegated by the Board) and the review of Group operational performance and
ongoing business integration.

The Group Executive Committee assesses the performance of these operating segments based on net revenue from external customers and
segment profit being adjusted operating profit. Intercompany transactions between operating segments are eliminated. Finance income and
expense are not allocated to segments, as each is managed on a centralised basis.

The segment information for the operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    Adjusting
                                                                                                     Hygiene           Health        Nutrition1        Items               Total
Year ended 31 December 2021                                                                               £m              £m               £m             £m                 £m
Net Revenue                                                                                               5,911          4,646           2,677                 –         13,234
Depreciation & amortisation                                                                                (111)           (146)           (105)             (61)          (423)
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                  1,401            1,187             289          (3,681)           (804)
Net finance Income                                                                                                                                                          547
Share of loss from associates                                                                                                                                                 (3)
Loss before income tax                                                                                                                                                     (260)
Income tax credit                                                                                                                                                           208
Net loss from continuing operations                                                                                                                                          (52)

1.   Following the start of the strategic review of IFCN China, the CODM also reviewed financial information for net revenue and adjusted operating profit excluding IFCN China.
     In 2021, Nutrition net revenue excluding IFCN China was £2,294 million (2020: £2,426 million) and Nutrition adjusted operating profit excluding IFCN China was £356 million
     (2020: £377 million)

                                                                                                                                                     Adjusting
                                                                                                      Hygiene           Health        Nutrition          Items             Total
Year ended 31 December 2020                                                                               £m              £m                £m              £m              £m
Net Revenue                                                                                              5,816           4,890            3,287                –         13,993
Depreciation & amortisation                                                                                (128)           (142)           (122)             (80)           (472)
Operating profit                                                                                         1,505            1,334             462            (1,141)         2,160
Net finance expense                                                                                                                                                         (286)
Share of loss from associates                                                                                                                                                  (1)
Profit before income tax                                                                                                                                                   1,873
Income tax                                                                                                                                                                  (720)
Net income from continuing operations                                                                                                                                       1,153

Financial information for the Hygiene, Health and Nutrition operating segments is presented on an adjusted basis which excludes certain cash
and non-cash items. These items have a pattern of recognition that is largely uncorrelated with the trading performance of the business.
Financial information on an adjusted basis is consistent with how management reviews the business for the purpose of making operating
decisions. Further details on adjusting items is included in pages 81 to 87.

The company is domiciled in the UK. The split of net revenue from external customers and Non-Current Assets (other than equity instruments,
deferred tax assets and retirement benefit surplus assets) between the UK, the US and Greater China (US and Greater China being the two
biggest countries outside the country of domicile) and that from all other countries is:
                                                                                                                                      Greater        All other
                                                                                                            UK              US          China1      countries              Total
2021                                                                                                        £m              £m            £m               £m                £m
Net Revenue                                                                                                739           3,873             1,112          7,510          13,234
Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                     1,843           9,905              393           6,727          18,868
Property, plant and equipment                                                                              316             669              164           1,029            2,178
Other non-current receivables                                                                                29              63                –              57             149

1.   Greater China represents mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                              217
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      2 Operating Segments continued
                                                                                                                  Greater      All other
                                                                                            UK            US        China1    countries        Total
      2020                                                                                  £m           £m           £m             £m         £m
      Net Revenue                                                                           811        3,955         1,561        7,666       13,993
      Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                2,018        9,473        4,303         7,185       22,979
      Property, plant and equipment                                                         324          563           170         1,176       2,233
      Other non-current receivables                                                          25           55             1           65          146

      1.   Greater China represents mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan

      Major customers are typically large grocery chains, mass markets and multiple retailers. The Group’s customer base is diverse with only one
      customer (2020: none) accounting for more than 10% of net revenue. This customer accounts for £1,337 million (2020: £1,351 million) and has
      revenue across all segments.

      3 Analysis of Other Net Operating Expenses
                                                                                                                                  2021         2020
                                                                                                                                   £m           £m
      Distribution costs                                                                                                        (3,460)        (3,611)
      Research and development                                                                                                     (313)        (288)
      Other administrative expenses                                                                                              (1,190)      (1,393)
      Other net operating income                                                                                                       1            2
      Other net operating expenses                                                                                              (4,962)       (5,290)

      A net foreign exchange loss of £2 million (2020: £5 million loss) has been recognised through the Income Statement.

      4 Auditor Remuneration
      During the year, the Group (including its overseas subsidiaries) obtained the following services from the company’s Auditor and its associates.
                                                                                                                                  2021         2020
                                                                                                                                   £m           £m
      Audit services pursuant to legislation
           Audit of the Group’s Annual Report and Financial Statements                                                              6.4          4.4
           Audit of the Financial Statements of the Group’s subsidiaries                                                            9.5          7.5
      Audit-related assurance services                                                                                              0.5          0.6
      Total audit and audit-related services                                                                                       16.4         12.5
      Fees payable to the company’s Auditor and its associates for other services
      Other Assurance services                                                                                                       0.1         0.2
      Total non-audit services                                                                                                       0.1         0.2
                                                                                                                                   16.5          12.7

      5 Employees Staff Costs
      The total employment costs, including Directors, were:
                                                                                                                                  2021         2020
                                                                                                                     Note          £m           £m
      Wages and salaries                                                                                                          1,935        1,970
      Social security costs                                                                                                         251          263
      Other pension costs                                                                                              23            60           54
      Share-based payments                                                                                             25            30             15
      Total staff costs                                                                                                          2,276         2,302

      Executive Directors’ aggregate emoluments are disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.

      Compensation awarded to key management (the Group Executive Committee) was:
                                                                                                                                  2021         2020
                                                                                                                                   £m           £m
      Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                   25           26
      Share-based payments                                                                                                            9             9
                                                                                                                                     34           35




218
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                           Financial Statements




5 Employees Staff Costs continued
Staff numbers
The monthly average number of people employed by the Group, including Directors, during the year was:
                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                  ’000          ’000
North America                                                                                                                       5.0           4.7
Europe/ANZ                                                                                                                         14.8           14.1
Rest of world                                                                                                                      22.0          25.1
                                                                                                                                   41.8          43.9

6 Net Finance Income/(Expense)
                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                   £m            £m
Foreign exchange net gain on liquidation of subsidiaries
Gains on liquidation                                                                                                              1,048             –
Losses on liquidation                                                                                                             (282)             –
Total foreign exchange net gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                                                                      766             –
Other finance income
Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         29            61
Movement on put option liability                                                                                                     14             –
Finance income on tax balances                                                                                                         1            –
Other finance income                                                                                                                   1           16
Total other finance income                                                                                                           45            77
Other finance expense
Interest payable on borrowings                                                                                                    (244)          (276)
Finance expense on tax balances                                                                                                       –           (26)
Movement on put option liability                                                                                                      –            (9)
Other finance expense                                                                                                               (20)          (52)
Total other finance expense                                                                                                       (264)          (363)
Other net finance expense                                                                                                          (219)         (286)
Net finance Income/(expense)                                                                                                       547           (286)

During 2021, as a result of the simplification of the Group’s legal entity structure, a number of entities were liquidated and the cumulative
foreign exchange reserves were recycled to the Income Statement, resulting in a net foreign exchange gain of £766 million, principally from
the liquidation of intermediate financing and holding companies.

7 Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                                                                                                                                   £m            £m
Current tax                                                                                                                         711           740
Adjustment in respect of prior periods                                                                                               53           (45)
Total current tax                                                                                                                  764            695
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                (1,089)          (56)
Impact of changes in tax rates                                                                                                      185            81
Total deferred tax                                                                                                                (904)            25
Cumulative foreign exchange on deferred tax balances reclassified to the Income Statement                                           (68)            –
Income tax (credit)/charge                                                                                                        (208)           720

Current tax includes tax incurred by UK entities of £133 million (2020: £135 million). This is comprised of UK corporation tax of £55 million
(2020: £85 million) and overseas tax suffered of £78 million (2020: £50 million). UK current tax is calculated at 19% (2020: 19%) of the estimated
assessable profit for the year, net of relief for overseas taxes where available. Taxation in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing
in the relevant jurisdictions.

Cash tax paid in the year was £915 million (2020: £762 million). The variance from the current tax charge of £711 million is attributable to
movements on non-current tax liabilities (shown in Note 22) and timing differences arising between accrual and payment of income tax liabilities.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                   219
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      7 Income Tax Expense continued
      Origination and reversal of temporary differences includes adjustments in respect of prior periods of £86 million benefit (2020: £22 million expense).

      Cumulative foreign exchange on deferred tax balances reclassified to the Income Statement relates to deferred tax on assets disposed in the
      year (see note 29).

      The total tax charge on the Group’s (loss)/profit for the year can be reconciled to the notional tax charge calculated at the UK tax rate as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2021          2020
      Continuing operations                                                                                                              £m            £m
      (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                                                   (260)        1,873
      Tax at the notional UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2020: 19%)                                                                     (49)          356
      Effect of:
      Overseas tax rates                                                                                                                  112           43
      Movement in provision related to uncertain tax positions                                                                           (43)            41
      Net impact of divestments and assets reclassified to held for sale                                                                (264)             –
      Unrecognised tax losses, other unrecognised tax assets and deferred tax liability on unremitted earnings                            68           (38)
      Cumulative foreign exchange on deferred tax balances reclassified to the Income Statement                                          (68)             –
      Withholding and local taxes                                                                                                         43             31
      Reassessment of prior year estimates                                                                                               (33)          (23)
      Impact of changes in tax rates                                                                                                     185            81
      Non-taxable foreign exchange gain arising from legal entity simplification (Note 6)                                               (146)             –
      Permanent differences                                                                                                               (13)         229
      Income tax (credit)/charge                                                                                                        (208)          720

      Our effective tax rate in any given financial year reflects a variety of factors that may not be present in succeeding financial years, and may be
      affected by variations in profit mix and changes in tax laws, regulations and related interpretations. In December 2021 the OECD published the
      Pillar Two GloBE rules, which seek to ensure multinationals pay a minimum tax of 15% in each jurisdiction. The Group is examining the detail of
      the Pillar Two rules and the tax accounting impact will be considered when the rules are translated into UK domestic legislation. Pillar Two is
      expected to be effective from 1 January 2023.

      The effect of overseas tax rates represents the impact of profits arising outside the UK that are taxed at different rates to the UK rate.

      The net impact of divestments and assets reclassified to held for sale represents the net tax effect of the sale of IFCN China, Scholl, EnfaBebé
      and the reclassification of E45 to held for sale. The bases on which tax charges are calculated differ from the accounting bases.

      Other movements on deferred tax assets and liabilities relates to the impairment of deferred tax assets previously recognised on losses and
      the recognition of deferred tax liabilities on unrepatriated earnings (Note 12) (2020: previously unrecognised losses).

      Withholding and local taxes suffered in the year are adjusted for previously accrued deferred tax liabilities on unremitted earnings.

      The reassessment of prior year estimates includes settlements reached following conclusion of tax authority review and differences between
      final tax return submissions and liabilities accrued in these financial statements.

      The impact of changes in tax rates in 2021 primarily results from the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities relating to intangible assets following
      substantive enactment of the increase in the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) on 24 May 2021.

      UK deferred tax assets and liabilities have been calculated based on the substantively enacted rate of 25% after factoring in the expected
      timing of reversal of the related temporary differences (2020: 19%). This tax rate change will increase the company’s future tax charge on
      profits arising in the UK.

      Permanent differences in 2020 principally related to the non-deductible impairment of IFCN.

      We conduct business operations in a number of countries, and are therefore subject to tax and intercompany pricing laws in multiple
      jurisdictions. We have in the past faced, and may in the future face, audits and challenges brought by tax authorities, and we are involved in
      ongoing tax investigations in a number of countries. If material challenges were to be successful, our effective tax rate may increase, we may
      also be subject to interest and penalty charges and we may incur costs in defending litigation or reaching a settlement. Any of the foregoing
      could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      EC state aid
      During the year the European Commission’s (EC) challenge that the UK Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) Legislation up to 31 December 2018
      partially represented state aid was heard before the General Court. The Group’s application to annul the EC decision on the CFC Group
      Financing Exemption was registered in the General Court on 4 November 2019 and our application was stayed pending the outcome of
      this hearing which is expected in 2022. Management’s continued assessment is that no uncertain tax provision is required for this potential
      exposure. Further, the EC’s challenge to certain aspects of the Gibraltar tax system was heard in front of the General Court during 2021.
      This impacts a former MJN subsidiary and a preliminary judgement was received in April 2022 which is currently under review.




220
Strategic Report                                                   Governance                                           Financial Statements




7 Income Tax Expense continued
The tax (charge)/credit relating to components of other comprehensive income is as follows:
                                                                                                        2021                              2020
                                                                                                            Tax                                Tax
                                                                                           Before      (charge)/     After     Before     (charge)/              After
                                                                                              tax         credit       tax        tax        credit                tax
                                                                                              £m             £m        £m         £m            £m                 £m
Net exchange (losses) on foreign currency translation                                          (374)            –     (374)      (207)               –           (207)
Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserves on
disposal or liquidation of foreign operations                                                  (550)            –    (550)           –               –               –
Gains/(losses) on cash flow and net investment hedges                                           118            (4)     114        (95)               3             (92)
Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans (Note 23)                                        179         (46)       133        (75)              15             (60)
Revaluation of equity instruments – FVOCI                                                        (1)            –       (1)         31              (12)            19
Other comprehensive loss                                                                       (628)        (50)      (678)      (346)               6           (340)
Current tax                                                                                                     –                                     1
Deferred tax (Note 12)                                                                                      (50)                                     5
                                                                                                            (50)                                     6

The tax credited/(charged) directly to the Statement of Changes in Equity during the year is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                2021             2020
                                                                                                                                                 £m               £m
Current tax                                                                                                                                          4              6
Deferred tax (Note 12)                                                                                                                              (4)             (2)
                                                                                                                                                     –              4

8 Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                                2021            2020
                                                                                                                                               pence           pence
Basic (loss)/earnings per share
     From continuing operations                                                                                                                 (8.8)            160.0
     From discontinued operations                                                                                                                4.3               7.0
Total basic (loss)/earnings per share                                                                                                           (4.5)            167.0
Diluted (loss)/earnings per share
     From continuing operations                                                                                                                 (8.8)            159.3
     From discontinued operations                                                                                                                4.3               7.0
Total diluted (loss)/earnings per share                                                                                                         (4.5)            166.3

Basic
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net (loss)/income attributable to owners of the Parent Company from continuing
operations (2021: £63 million loss, 2020: £1,137 million income) and discontinued operations (2021: £31 million income; 2020: £50 million income)
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year (2021: 713,758,909; 2020: 710,907,200)

Diluted
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of shares outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially
dilutive ordinary shares. The company has the following categories of potentially dilutive ordinary shares: Executive Share Awards (including
Executive Share Options and Executive Restricted Share Scheme Awards) and Employee Sharesave Scheme Options. The options only dilute
earnings when they result in the issue of shares at a value below the market price of the share and when all performance criteria (if applicable)
have been met. As at 31 December 2021 there were 10,683,109 (2020: 1,865,524) Executive Share Awards excluded from the dilution because
the exercise price for the options was greater than the average share price for the year or the performance criteria have not been met.
                                                                                                                                 2021 Average         2020 Average
                                                                                                                                    number of            number of
                                                                                                                                       shares               shares
On a basic basis                                                                                                                   713,758,909             710,907,200
Dilution for Executive Share Awards            1
                                                                                                                                                –               61,251
Dilution for Employee Sharesave Scheme Options outstanding1                                                                                     –           2,778,499
On a diluted basis                                                                                                                 713,758,909             713,746,950

1.   As there was a loss in 2021, the effect of potentially dilutive shares is anti-dilutive




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   221
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
                                                                                            Brands    Goodwill     Software    Other            Total
                                                                                               £m         £m            £m       £m              £m
      Cost
      At 1 January 2020                                                                      17,811      11,516         416       175       29,918
      Additions                                                                                  3           –          84          5              92
      Disposals                                                                                  –           –           (1)        –               (1)
      Reclassifications                                                                          –           –          (10)       10               –
      Exchange adjustments                                                                    (141)       (108)           1        (5)           (253)
      At 31 December 2020                                                                   17,673      11,408         490        185      29,756
      Additions                                                                                  5           –          72          –              77
      Arising on business combinations                                                        596          370            –        76           1,042
      Disposals                                                                             (4,494)     (1,543)          (2)        –       (6,039)
      Reclassifications to held for sale                                                      (112)        (28)           –         –            (140)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                    (220)          5          (13)        5            (223)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                   13,448      10,212         547       266       24,473
      Accumulated amortisation and impairment
      At 1 January 2020                                                                       390        5,054          136        77           5,657
      Amortisation and impairment                                                               63        985           55         25            1,128
      Disposals                                                                                  –           –           (1)        –               (1)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                      (4)          –            –        (3)             (7)
      At 31 December 2020                                                                     449       6,039           190        99           6,777
      Amortisation and impairment                                                               39           –          66         27             132
      Disposals                                                                               (143)      (1,176)         (2)        –           (1,321)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                      (3)         21           (2)        1              17
      At 31 December 2021                                                                     342       4,884          252        127       5,605
      Net book value
      At 31 December 2020                                                                   17,224      5,369          300         86      22,979
      At 31 December 2021                                                                   13,106      5,328          295        139       18,868

      The amount stated for brands represents the fair value of brands acquired since 1985 at the date of acquisition. Other includes product
      registration, distribution rights, capitalised product development costs and customer contracts.

      Software includes intangible assets under construction of £28 million (2020: £37 million).

      The majority of brands, all of goodwill and certain other intangibles are considered to have indefinite lives for the reasons noted in the
      accounting policies and therefore are subject to an annual impairment review. The MJN global brand, acquired MJN WIC contracts and a
      number of small non-core brands are deemed to have a finite life and are amortised accordingly. Amortisation is recognised in net operating
      expenses or cost of goods sold depending on the use of the asset.

      The net book values of indefinite and finite life intangible assets are as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2021           2020
      Net book value                                                                                                              £m             £m
      Indefinite life assets
      Brands                                                                                                                   12,983       16,857
      Goodwill                                                                                                                  5,328           5,369
      Other                                                                                                                        39              36
      Total indefinite life assets                                                                                             18,350       22,262
      Finite life assets
      Brands                                                                                                                      123             367
      Software                                                                                                                   295             300
      Other                                                                                                                       100              50
      Total finite life assets                                                                                                    518             717
      Total net book value of intangible assets                                                                                18,868       22,979




222
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued
Cash generating units
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are allocated to either individual cash generating units (CGUs), or groups of cash
generating units (together GCGUs). The goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment at the level at which
identifiable cash inflows are largely independent. Generally, this is at a GCGU level, but for certain intangible assets this is at a CGU level.

After considering all the evidence available, including how brand and production assets generate cash inflows and how management
monitors the business, the Directors have concluded that for the purpose of impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets,
the Group’s GCGUs are Health, Hygiene and IFCN, with the Group’s CGUs being VMS and Biofreeze.

An analysis of the net book value of indefinite life assets and goodwill by GCGU/CGU is shown below:
                                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                             Indefinite
                                                                                                             life assets    Goodwill          Total
GCGU/CGU                                                                                                             £m         £m              £m
Health                                                                                                            5,455         3,350        8,805
Hygiene                                                                                                           1,760             45       1,805
IFCN                                                                                                              4,260         1,408        5,668
VMS                                                                                                                 971          248          1,219
Biofreeze                                                                                                           576          277           853
                                                                                                                 13,022         5,328       18,350

                                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                              Indefinite
                                                                                                             life assets    Goodwill          Total
GCGU/CGU                                                                                                             £m         £m             £m
Health                                                                                                            6,028         3,354         9,382
Hygiene                                                                                                            1,780            45        1,825
IFCN                                                                                                               8,124        1,725         9,849
VMS                                                                                                                 961           245         1,206
                                                                                                                 16,893         5,369       22,262

Within the Health GCGU, the cash flows of certain brands are separately identifiable. As a result, the carrying values of the associated
indefinite life assets have been tested for impairment as CGUs. This is in addition to the impairment testing over the GCGUs. The CGUs tested
separately in 2021 are shown below.
                                                                                                                                              2021
Indefinite life assets excluding goodwill                                                                                                      £m
Intimate Wellness                                                                                                                            2,124
Oriental Pharma                                                                                                                                    51

                                                                                                                                              2020
Indefinite life assets excluding goodwill                                                                                                      £m
Intimate Wellness (previously called Sexual Wellbeing)                                                                                        2,170
Oriental Pharma                                                                                                                                    49

Annual impairment review
Goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets must be tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. An impairment loss is recognised
when the recoverable amount of a GCGU or CGU falls materially below its net book value at the date of testing.

The determination of recoverable amount, being the higher of value-in-use and fair value less costs to dispose, is inherently judgemental and
requires management to make multiple estimates, for example around individual market pressures and forces, future price and volume
growth, future margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates.

When forecasting the annual cash flows that support the recoverable amount calculations, the Group generally uses its short-term budgets
and medium-term strategic plans, with additional senior management and Board-level review. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are
projected using steady or progressively declining terminal growth rates. These rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the
products and markets in which the GCGU or CGU operates.

The cash flows are discounted back to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate considered appropriate for each GCGU and CGU.
These rates have been derived from management’s views on the relevant weighted average cost of capital, subsequently converted to the
pre-tax equivalent discount rate.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 223
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued
      For the Health and Hygiene GCGUs as well as the Intimate Wellness and VMS CGUs, any reasonably possible change in the key valuation
      assumptions would not imply possible impairment. The recoverable amount for these GCGUs and CGUs was determined utilising a pre-tax
      discount rate of 9% (Health, Hygiene and Intimate Wellness) or 10% (VMS) and a terminal growth rate of either 2.5% (Health, Intimate Wellness
      or VMS) or 2% (Hygiene).

      For the Biofreeze CGU, following acquisition on 12 July 2021, the recoverable amount was calculated using the income approach on a fair value
      less costs of disposal basis utilising a post-tax discount rate of 11% representative of the geographical spread and product portfolio. An eight
      year cash flow model was used with a terminal growth rate of 2.5%. The key assumptions in determining the recoverable amount include net
      revenue growth rates, gross margins and discount rates. The fair value measurement of Biofreeze is categorised within level 3 of the fair value
      hierarchy, based on inputs into the valuation technique used. At 31 December 2021, the fair value was determined to be consistent with the
      acquisition price for Biofreeze, such that there was no headroom between the recoverable amount and the net book value of £762 million.
      As there is no headroom between recoverable amount and net book value, if future trading was to fall below the model this would result in
      an impairment in the associated goodwill in the Biofreeze CGU given the recent acquisition of the business.

      IFCN
      On 15 June 2017, the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of MJN for cash consideration of £13,044 million ($16,642 million). The
      acquisition was treated as a business combination and hence both the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, were brought onto the Group
      Balance Sheet at their fair value.

      Following impairment losses of £5,037 million in 2019 and £985 million in 2020, at 31 December 2020 IFCN was recorded at its then recoverable
      amount of £8,810 million. Following these impairment losses, no headroom remained between the IFCN recoverable amount and net book
      value at 31 December 2020.

      On 5 June 2021, the Group announced the definitive agreement to sell IFCN China to Primavera Capital Group for an implied enterprise value
      of $2.2 billion. On announcement of the definitive agreement to sell IFCN China, the global IFCN CGU was split into two CGUs, being IFCN and
      IFCN China (the disposal group). The disposal of IFCN China completed on 9 September 2021, with the Group recognising a pre-tax loss on
      disposal of £3.3 billion in the year to 31 December 2021, see Note 29.

      The recoverable amount for the remaining IFCN business has been determined on a value-in-use basis. The value-in-use of IFCN was
      determined using a discounted cash flow approach with future cash flows derived from a detailed five-year plan. Cash flows beyond the
      five-year plan have been projected using a steady or progressively declining terminal growth rate. At 31 December 2021, management has
      determined that the recoverable amount of IFCN is higher than its carrying value, such that no impairment is required.

      The determination of the recoverable amount for IFCN at 31 December 2021 incorporates certain key assumptions, some of which are subject
      to considerable uncertainty. These assumptions include but are not limited to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the estimation of future
      birth rates, the commercial success of new product launches, including adult nutrition, and the expansion of specialty nutrition. Although there
      is headroom between the IFCN recoverable amount and its carrying value, changes to these assumptions, or any deterioration in other macro
      or business-level assumptions supporting the IFCN recoverable amount could reduce this headroom or could necessitate the recognition of
      impairment losses in future periods.

      The key assumptions used in the estimation of value in use within the 2021 impairment assessment of the remaining IFCN business are outlined
      below. Following the disposal of IFCN China, the 2021 key assumptions are not directly comparable to those of the 2020 impairment
      assessment that related to the global IFCN CGU.
                                                                                                                                                2021
      Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                                                    9.7%
      Terminal growth rate                                                                                                                       2%
      Annual growth in Net Revenue between 2022 and 2026                1
                                                                                                                                           3% to 4%
      Annual growth in Gross Margin between 2022 and 2026 1                                                                                4% to 6%

                                                                                                                                                2020
      Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                                                     9.6%
      Terminal growth rate                                                                                                                      2.5%
      Annual growth in Net Revenue between 2021 and 2030 1                                                                                 3% to 5%
      Annual growth in Gross Margin between 2021 and 2030 1                                                                                3% to 6%

      1.   At constant exchange rates, excluding the impact of future foreign exchange movements




224
Strategic Report                                              Governance                                Financial Statements




9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued
The key estimates incorporated within the determination of the IFCN recoverable amount in 2021 are summarised below:
Key estimates         Commentary
Market                In the US, management expects market conditions to be relatively stable, with birth-rates steadily returning to pre-COVID
                      trends. Tendering for WIC contracts continues to remain highly competitive.

                      Within ASEAN and LATAM, management expects conditions to remain relatively stable, with net revenue growth broadly in
                      line with regional inflation.
Net Revenue           In the short to medium term, management expects to achieve net revenue growth (excluding the impact of foreign
                      exchange movements) of between 3% and 4% per annum. This is expected to be achieved through a mix of ongoing
                      premiumisation, price increases, and revenues from new products/category launches including adult nutrition and the
                      expansion of speciality nutrition.
Margins               In the short to medium term, management expects IFCN margins (both gross and operating) to increase from current levels
                      as IFCN realises benefits from Reckitt’s on-going productivity programme, and operational leverage from the growth of
                      adult nutrition. Cost inflation in the short term is expected to be offset with price increases.
Discount rate         Management determined an IFCN specific weighted average cost of capital (WACC) and the implied pre-tax discount rate
                      with the support of a third-party expert. In addition, management performed benchmarking against other comparable
                      companies. For valuation purposes management used the upper end of the calculated range in 2021 to reflect uncertainty in
                      certain key assumptions.
Terminal              Management engaged a third-party expert to help calculate an IFCN -specific terminal growth rate. Management is satisfied
growth rate           with the reasonableness of this rate when compared against independent market growth projections and long-term
                      country inflation rates.

The table below shows the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to reasonable changes in key assumptions. The table assumes no related
response by management (e.g. to drive further cost savings) and is hence theoretical in nature.
                                                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                                                             £m
Expected Net Revenue growth rates (2022 to 2026 1) adjusted by 100bps                                                                +510 / -500
Expected EBIT growth rates (2022 to 2026 ) adjusted by 100bps
                                                  1
                                                                                                                                         +/- 190
Terminal growth rate (applied from 2027) adjusted by 50bps                                                                           +490 / -410
Pre-tax discount rate adjusted by 50bps                                                                                              +410 / -360

                                                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                                                             £m
Expected Net Revenue growth rates (2021 to 2030 1) adjusted by 100bps                                                                    +/-900
Expected EBIT growth rates (2021 to 2030 1) adjusted by 100bps                                                                           +/- 600
Terminal growth rate (applied from 2031) adjusted by 50bps                                                                          +600 / -500
Pre-tax discount rate adjusted by 50bps                                                                                              +700 / -600

The table below shows the percentage movement in the 2021 key assumptions that (individually) would be required to reach the point at
which the IFCN value in use approximates its carrying value. In 2020, the global IFCN CGU had no headroom between the recoverable amount
and the net book value.
                                                                                                                                            2021
Expected Net Revenue growth rates (2022-2026 )            1
                                                                                                                               140bps decrease
Expected EBIT growth rates (2022-2026 1)                                                                                       390bps decrease
Terminal growth rate                                                                                                            90bps decrease
Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                                          100bps decrease

1.   At constant exchange rates, excluding the impact of future foreign exchange movements




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            225
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      10 Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                           Land and            Plant and          Right of use       Assets under
                                                                                           buildings          equipment                Assets        construction                   Total
                                                                                                 £m                  £m                    £m                 £m                     £m
      Cost
      At 1 January 2020                                                                          1,152                1,937                 353                  324                3,766
      Additions                                                                                     27                   58                   89                 309                  483
      Disposals                                                                                      (9)                (48)                 (21)                  (6)                (84)
      Reclassifications                                                                             98                  183                    –                (281)                    –
      Exchange adjustments                                                                         (23)                 (29)                 (12)                 (14)                (78)
      At 31 December 2020                                                                       1,245                 2,101                 409                  332               4,087
      Additions                                                                                     20                   61                  110                 292                  483
      Arising on business combinations                                                                5                  15                    –                    –                  20
      Disposals                                                                                    (81)                (210)                 (50)                  (8)               (349)
      Reclassifications (Including held for sale)                                                    51                 151                    –                (207)                   (5)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                         (20)                 (45)                  (8)                  (1)                (74)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                       1,220                2,073                  461                 408                 4,162
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment
      At 1 January 2020                                                                            381                 1,181                  64                    –               1,626
      Charge for the year                                                                           62                  185                   80                    –                 327
      Disposals                                                                                      (8)                (46)                 (17)                   –                  (71)
      Impairment                                                                                      1                    1                   –                    –                    2
      Exchange adjustments                                                                           (5)                (20)                  (5)                   –                 (30)
      At 31 December 2020                                                                          431                1,301                 122                     –              1,854
      Charge for the year                                                                           58                  168                   71                    –                 297
      Disposals                                                                                    (33)                (105)                 (34)                   –                (172)
      Impairment                                                                                    38                    8                     1                   5                  52
      Reclassifications (including held for sale)                                                    (2)                   1                   (1)                  –                   (2)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                         (10)                 (32)                  (3)                   –                 (45)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                         482                 1,341                 156                     5              1,984
      Net book value
      As at 31 December 2020                                                                       814                 800                  287                  332               2,233
      As at 31 December 2021                                                                      738                  732                  305                 403                 2,178

      At 31 December 2021, the Group’s right of use assets included land & buildings of £284 million (2020: £267 million) and other assets of £21 million
      (2020: £19 million). The Group recognised depreciation of £58 million (2020: £66 million) on the land & buildings and depreciation of £13 million
      (2020: £14 million) on the other assets.

      The Group has commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment of £80 million (2020: £96 million).

      11 Equity Instruments
                                                                                                                                                                    2021            2020
                                                                                                                                                                     £m              £m
      Equity investments – fair value other comprehensive income 1                                                                                                      171            114
      Investments in associates accounted for using the equity method                                                                                                   23             22
      Total equity instruments                                                                                                                                       194              136

      1.   Equity investments is composed of £114 million (2020: £94 million) representing 13% of the outstanding units in Packable Holdings LLC (previously Pharmapacks LLC),
           £33 million representing 8% of issued shared capital in Jadestone One Cayman Limited which was received as part of the consideration for the sale of IFCN China
           (see note 29), £14 million (2020: £16 million) representing less than 1% of the issued share capital of China Pharmaceutical Resources Limited and £10 million (2020: £4 million)
           of other equity investments

      Investments accounted for using the equity method predominantly relates to the Group’s investment in Your.MD AS (trading as Healthily). The
      Group has recognised a loss of £3 million (2020: £1 million) within the Group Income Statement with respect to this investment. There are no
      gains or losses recognised within other comprehensive income with respect to the Group’s associates.




226
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                            Financial Statements




12 Deferred Tax
                                                         Accelerated                      Short-term                     Retirement
                                                              capital      Intangible      temporary              Tax        benefit
                                                          allowances           assets     differences          losses    obligations       Total
Deferred tax                                                     £m               £m              £m              £m             £m          £m
At 1 January 2021                                                  (55)        (3,766)           427               52             38      (3,304)
Credited/(charged) to the Income Statement                           3            864             59              (24)             2        904
(Charged) to other comprehensive income                               –              –             (4)              –            (46)        (50)
(Charged) directly to equity                                          –              –             (4)              –               –         (4)
Arising on business acquisitions/ disposals                          4            (151)           (31)              –               –       (178)
Exchange differences                                                 (1)           30              (5)             (1)              –         23
At 31 December 2021                                                (49)        (3,023)           442               27              (6)    (2,609)

                                                         Accelerated                      Short-term                     Retirement
                                                              capital      Intangible      temporary              Tax        benefit
                                                          allowances           assets     differences          losses    obligations       Total
2021                                                             £m               £m              £m              £m             £m          £m
Deferred tax assets                                                 (2)           (37)           189              24              23         197
Deferred tax liabilities                                           (47)        (2,986)           253                3            (29)     (2,806)
Deferred tax                                                       (49)        (3,023)           442               27              (6)    (2,609)

                                                          Accelerated                     Short-term                     Retirement
                                                                capital     Intangible     temporary              Tax        benefit
                                                           allowances           assets    differences          losses    obligations       Total
Deferred tax                                                       £m              £m             £m              £m             £m         £m
At 1 January 2020                                                  (42)         (3,710)           381              44             38      (3,289)
(Charged)/credited to the Income Statement                          (14)          (78)            70               10             (13)       (25)
Credited/(charged) to other comprehensive income                      –              –             (8)              –              13          5
Exchange differences                                                  1            22             (16)             (2)              –          5
At 31 December 2020                                                (55)         (3,766)          427               52             38      (3,304)

                                                          Accelerated                     Short-term                     Retirement
                                                                capital     Intangible     temporary              Tax        benefit
                                                           allowances           assets    differences          losses    obligations       Total
2020                                                               £m              £m             £m              £m             £m         £m
Deferred tax assets                                                  4             (64)          244               48             26        258
Deferred tax liabilities                                           (59)         (3,702)           183               4              12     (3,562)
Deferred tax                                                       (55)         (3,766)          427               52             38      (3,304)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.

Certain deferred tax assets in respect of corporation tax losses and other temporary differences totalling £2,091 million (2020: £1,534 million)
have not been recognised at 31 December 2021 as the likelihood of future economic benefit is not sufficiently assured. These assets will be
recognised if utilisation of the losses and other temporary differences becomes sufficiently probable.

13 Inventories
                                                                                                                                2021       2020
                                                                                                                                 £m         £m
Raw materials and consumables                                                                                                    383         352
Work in progress                                                                                                                  70          87
Finished goods and goods held for resale                                                                                        1,006       1,153
Total inventories                                                                                                               1,459      1,592

The total cost of inventories recognised as an expense and included in cost of sales amounted to £5,292 million (2020: £5,309 million).
This includes inventory write-offs and losses of £191 million (2020: £187 million).

The Group inventory provision at 31 December 2021 was £151 million (2020: £119 million).




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             227
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      14 Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                                                      2021          2020
      Amounts falling due within one year                                                                                              £m            £m
      Trade receivables                                                                                                               1,587         1,584
      Less: Provision for impairment of receivables                                                                                     (36)          (27)
      Trade receivables – net                                                                                                         1,551         1,557
      Other receivables                                                                                                                 291          290
      Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                     84               74
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                     1,926         1,921

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:
                                                                                                                                      2021          2020
      Currency analysis                                                                                                                £m            £m
      US dollar                                                                                                                         574          477
      Euro                                                                                                                             302            281
      Sterling                                                                                                                          167           155
      Brazilian Real                                                                                                                    128           117
      Other currencies                                                                                                                 755            891
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                     1,926         1,921

      The maximum exposure to credit risk at the year end is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above.

      a. Trade receivables
      Trade receivables consist of amounts due from customers. The Group’s customer base is large and diverse and consequently there is limited
      concentration of credit risk. Credit risk is assessed at a subsidiary and Group level and takes into account the financial positions of customers,
      past experience, future expectations and other relevant factors. Individual credit limits are established based on those factors.

      The following table provides an ageing analysis of trade receivables at year end:
                                                                                                                                      2021          2020
      Ageing analysis                                                                                                                  £m            £m
      Not overdue                                                                                                                     1,318         1,346
      Up to 3 months overdue                                                                                                            219           193
      Over 3 months overdue                                                                                                              50               45
      Trade receivables                                                                                                               1,587         1,584

      At 31 December 2021, a provision of £36 million (2020: £27 million) was recorded against certain trade receivables based on a forward-looking
      assessment of the lifetime expected credit loss as required by IFRS 9. This assessment considered the ageing profiles of specific trade
      receivable balances along with the risk of future customer defaults.

      As at 31 December 2021, trade receivables of £233 million (2020: £211 million) were past due but not impaired. These receivables were not
      impaired because having considered their nature and historical collection experience, recovery of the unprovided amounts is expected in
      due course.

      b. Other receivables
      Other receivables includes recoverable indirect tax of £212 million (2020: £213 million). This contains £2 million (2020: £3 million) of impaired
      assets all aged over three months from a broad range of countries within the Group.

      c. Other non-current receivables
      Other non-current receivables at 31 December 2021 of £149 million (2020: £146 million) includes non-current indirect tax, long-term
      prepayments, and non-current derivatives of £1 million (2020: £19 million)

      d. Financial instruments (Note 15)
      At 31 December 2021 £1,926 million (2020: £1,918 million) of the current and non-current receivables totalling £2,075 million (2020: £2,067
      million) are financial assets. These mainly related to amounts owed from customers or government bodies and are typically non-interest
      bearing. Amounts that are not financial assets are mostly prepayments and employee benefit assets.




228
Strategic Report                                                  Governance                                                  Financial Statements




15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management
Financial instruments by category
                                                                                                                                Fair value
                                                                                                                                  through
                                                                                                             Derivatives               the                    Carrying
                                                                                        Amortised               used for           Income      Equity            value
                                                                                             cost               hedging        Statement instruments              total
At 31 December 2021                                                                Note        £m                    £m                £m         £m                £m
Assets as per the Balance Sheet
Current and non-current trade and other receivables                                  14d           1,926                  –               –              –       1,926
Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange
contracts                                                                              17               –                41              21              –          62
Equity instruments – FVOCI                                                              11              –                 –               –             171         171
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           1,261                 –               –              –        1,261


Liabilities as per the Balance Sheet
Borrowings (loans and overdrafts) 1                                                                   37                  –               –              –          37
Lease obligations                                                                                    328                  –               –              –         328
Bonds                                                                                              7,969                  –               –              –       7,969
Senior notes                                                                                       1,229                  –               –              –       1,229
Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange
contracts                                                                                               –                16             36               –          52
Derivative financial instruments – Interest rate swaps                                 21               –               22                –              –          22
Derivative financial instruments – Cross currency interest
rate swaps                                                                             21               –               49                –              –          49
Current and non-current trade and other payables                                       21          5,193                  –               –              –       5,193

                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                   through
                                                                                                              Derivatives               the                   Carrying
                                                                                             Amortised          used for           Income            Equity      value
                                                                                                  cost          hedging         Statement      instruments        total
At 31 December 2020                                                                 Note            £m                £m                £m             £m          £m
Assets as per the Balance Sheet
Current and non-current trade and other receivables                                  14d            1,918                 –               –              –        1,918
Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange
contracts                                                                                               –                24               6              –          30
Derivative financial instruments – Interest rate swaps                                14c               –                 7               –              –           7
Derivative financial instruments – Cross currency interest
rate swaps                                                                            14c               –                12               –              –           12
Equity instruments – FVOCI                                                              11              –                 –               –             114         114
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          1,646                  –               –              –       1,646


Liabilities as per the Balance Sheet
Borrowings (commercial paper, bank loans & overdrafts) 1                                              691                 –               –              –         691
Lease obligations                                                                                     313                 –               –              –         313
Bonds                                                                                              8,041                  –               –              –        8,041
Senior notes                                                                                        1,221                 –               –              –        1,221
Term loans                                                                                            291                 –               –              –         291
Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange
contracts                                                                                               –                50              68              –          118
Current and non-current trade and other payables                                       21          5,777                  –               –              –       5,777

1.   The categories in this disclosure are determined by IFRS 9

     Lease obligations are outside the scope of IFRS 9, but they remain within the scope of IFRS 7, and therefore have been shown separately




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   229
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
      The fair value measurement hierarchy levels have been defined as follows:

      •   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).
      •   Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly
          (i.e. derived from prices) (level 2). If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in
          level 2.
      •   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs) (level 3).

      The following table categorises the Group’s financial assets and liabilities held at fair value by the valuation methodology applied in
      determining their fair value.
                                                                                                            Level 1       Level 2       Level 3          Total
      At 31 December 2021                                                                                      £m            £m            £m              £m
      Assets as per the Balance Sheet
      Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange contracts                                             –           62              –           62
      Equity instruments – FVOCI                                                                                  14           114           43            171
      Liabilities as per the Balance Sheet
      Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange contracts                                             –           52              –           52
      Derivative financial instruments – Interest rate swaps                                                       –           22              –           22
      Derivative financial instruments – Cross currency interest rate swaps                                        –           49              –           49

                                                                                                             Level 1      Level 2        Level 3         Total
      At 31 December 2020                                                                                       £m           £m             £m            £m
      Assets as per the Balance Sheet
      Derivative financial instruments – Interest rate swaps                                                       –             7             –             7
      Derivative financial instruments – Cross currency interest rate swaps                                        –            12             –            12
      Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange contracts                                             –           30              –            30
      Equity instruments – FVOCI                                                                                  16             –           98            114
      Liabilities as per the Balance Sheet
      Derivative financial instruments – FX forward exchange contracts                                             –           118             –           118

      The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts was determined using forward exchange rates derived from market sourced data at the
      Balance Sheet date, with the resulting value discounted back to present value (level 2 classification). The fair value of equity instruments – FVOCI
      was determined using both quoted share price information (level 1 classification) and other non-market information (level 3 classification).

      The fair value of the interest rate swap contracts and the cross currency interest rate swaps was calculated using discounted future cash
      flows at floating market rates and the fair value of the investment in Packable Holdings LLC (previously Pharmapacks) was calculated using
      a publicly available valuation from the latest funding round (level 2 classification).

      Except for the bonds and senior notes, the fair values of other financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost approximate their carrying
      values. The fair value of the bonds as at 31 December 2021 is a liability of £8,238 million (2020: £8,562 million) and the fair value of the senior
      notes as at 31 December 2021 is a liability of £1,400 million (2020: £1,445 million). The fair value of the bonds and senior notes was derived using
      quoted market rates in an active market (level 1 classification).

      Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
      The Group enters into derivative transactions under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements.
      In certain circumstances – e.g. when a credit event such as a default occurs – all outstanding transactions under the agreement are
      terminated, the termination value is assessed and only a single net amount is payable in settlement of all transactions.

      The ISDA agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the statement of financial position. This is because the Group does not
      currently have any legally enforceable right to offset recognised amounts, because the right to offset is enforceable only on the occurrence
      of future events such as a default event.




230
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                           Financial Statements




15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
The following table sets out the carrying amounts of recognised financial instruments that are subject to the above agreements.
                                                                                            Gross amounts
                                                                                             of recognised
                                                                                          financial assets/     Related financial
                                                                                           liabilities in the   instruments that            Net
                                                                                            Balance Sheet          are not offset        amount
At 31 December 2021                                                                                       £m                  £m            £m
Financial assets
FX forward exchange contracts                                                                             62                   (32)           30
Other financial assets                                                                                 1,261                     –          1,261
                                                                                                      1,323                    (32)         1,291


Financial liabilities
FX forward exchange contracts                                                                            (52)                  32            (20)
Other financial liabilities                                                                              (73)                    –            (73)
                                                                                                        (125)                  32             (93)

At 31 December 2020
Financial assets
FX forward exchange contracts                                                                             30                   (27)                3
Other financial assets                                                                                 1,665                     –          1,665
                                                                                                       1,695                   (27)         1,668


Financial liabilities
FX forward exchange contracts                                                                           (118)                  27             (91)
Other financial liabilities                                                                               (2)                    –             (2)
                                                                                                        (120)                  27             (93)

Financial risk management
The Group’s multinational operations expose it to a variety of financial risks that include the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates (foreign exchange risk), market prices, interest rates, credit risks and liquidity. The Group has in place a risk management programme that
uses foreign currency financial instruments, including debt, and other instruments, to limit the impact of these risks on the financial
performance of the Group.

The Group’s financing and financial risk management activities are centralised into Group Treasury (GT) to achieve benefits of scale and
control. GT manages financial exposures of the Group centrally in a manner consistent with underlying business risks. GT manages only those
risks and flows generated by the underlying commercial operations; speculative transactions are not undertaken.

The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies, guidelines and authority levels for all areas of Treasury activity and individually approves
significant activities. The GT function is subject to periodic independent reviews and audits, both internal and external.

1. Market Risk
(a) Currency risk
The Group operates internationally and enters into transactions in many currencies and as such is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising
from various currency exposures. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net
investments in foreign operations.

The Group’s policy is to align interest costs and operating profit of its major currencies in order to provide some protection against the
translation exposure on foreign currency profits after tax. The Group may undertake borrowings and other hedging methods in the currencies
of the countries where most of its assets are located.

It is the Group’s policy to monitor and, where appropriate, hedge its foreign currency transaction exposure. These transaction exposures arise
mainly from foreign currency receipts and payments for goods and services and from the remittances of foreign currency dividends and loans.
Where the Group enters into hedges and applies hedge accounting, hedges are documented and tested for effectiveness on an ongoing
basis with any ineffectiveness recorded in the Income Statement.

The local business units enter into forward foreign exchange contracts with GT to manage these exposures where practical and allowed by
local regulations. GT matches the Group exposures, and hedges the position where possible, using spot and forward foreign currency
exchange contracts.

The Group’s strategy is to minimise Income Statement volatility by monitoring foreign currency balances, external financing, and external hedging
arrangements. The Group’s hedging profile is regularly reviewed to ensure it is appropriate and to mitigate these risks as far as possible.



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                231
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
      The notional principal amount of the outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts at 31 December 2021 was £7,036 million receivable
      (2020: £6,146 million) and £7,027 million payable (2020: £6,234 million).

      The Group held forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges primarily in Euro, Sterling, US dollar, Canadian dollar,
      Australian dollar, Philippine peso and Mexican peso. The notional value of the payable leg resulting from these financial instruments was
      as follows:
                                                                                                                                      2021          2020
      Cash Flow Hedge Profile                                                                                                          £m            £m
      Euro                                                                                                                             327           444
      Sterling                                                                                                                         310           423
      US dollar                                                                                                                        273           438
      Canadian dollar                                                                                                                   113           84
      Australian dollar                                                                                                                107            92
      Philippine peso                                                                                                                   54            46
      Mexican peso                                                                                                                      51            53
      Other                                                                                                                            422           708
                                                                                                                                     1,657          2,288

      These forward foreign exchange contracts are mainly expected to mature over the period January 2022 to December 2022 (2020: January
      2021 to December 2021). Of the total amount, £11 million (2020: nil) is due between January 2023 and January 2024.

      Cash flow hedging is applied with the economic relationship and expected effectiveness being assessed at inception, with any
      ineffectiveness recognised in the Income Statement. The ineffective portion recognised in the Income Statement arising from cash flow
      hedges is immaterial (2020: immaterial).

      Gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income and the hedging reserve on forward exchange contracts in 2021 of £30 million
      gain, net of tax (2020: £17 million loss, net of tax) are recognised in the Income Statement in the periods in which the hedged forecast
      transaction affects the Income Statement.

      At 31 December 2021, the Group had forward contracts used for cash flow hedging with total fair value of £15 million asset (2020: £26 million
      liability). These contracts are denominated in a diverse range of currency pairings, where a fluctuation of 5% in any one of the contract
      pairings, with all others remaining constant, would have a maximum effect of £6 million (2020: £8 million) on Shareholder Equity, until the point
      at which the contracts mature and the forecast transaction occurs. The four largest contract pairings in order of nominal value were Euro/
      Polish zloty, Euro/Sterling, US dollar/Canadian dollar, and Euro/Australian dollar.

      Where the Group is exposed to currency risk on its borrowings, the Group seeks to minimise the impact of foreign exchange on the Income
      Statement through placing debt within a net investment hedge or using financial instruments.

      As at 31 December 2021, the Group had designated a 2023 US dollar bond totalling $500 million (2020: $500 million), 2030 Euro bond totalling
      €850 million (2020: €850 million) and forward currency swap contracts totalling €750 million (2020: nil) as the hedging instruments in a net
      investment hedge relationship. During the year commercial paper of €750 million (2020: €750 million) was also in a hedge relationship,. As the
      commercial paper was repaid during the year, this relationship was ended as it was replaced with the forward currency swap contracts.
      Possible sources of ineffectiveness include any impairments to the Group’s net investments in Euros. The hedges are documented and are
      assessed for effectiveness on an ongoing basis.

      The net gain or loss under these arrangements is recognised in other comprehensive income. The net effect on other comprehensive income
      for the year ended 31 December 2021 was a £84 million gain (2020: £75 million loss). If Sterling weakens by 5% against the US dollar and Euro,
      the maximum impact on shareholders’ equity due to the net investment hedging on US dollar bond and Euro bond/ swaps would be £19
      million loss and £51 million loss respectively.

      In 2020, the Group issued a €850 million bond due in 2026. Concurrent with the issue of the bond, the Group entered into a €850 million cross
      currency interest rate swap on similar terms to the 2026 bond to mitigate foreign exchange currency risk, for which hedge accounting has
      been applied. Sources of ineffectiveness on this hedge relationship will come from a difference in credit ratings between the counterparties
      and modifications to the terms of either hedged item or instrument. At 31 December 2021 no material ineffectiveness (2020: no material
      ineffectiveness) has been recognized in the Income Statement as the effect is not material. The interest rate element of the swap is
      discussed in interest rate risk below.

      The remaining major monetary financial instruments (liquid assets, receivables, interest and non-interest bearing liabilities) are directly
      denominated in the functional currency of the Group or are transferred to the functional currency of the local entity through the use
      of derivatives.

      The gains and losses from fair value movements on derivatives held at fair value through the Income Statement, recognised in the Income
      Statement in 2021, was a £6 million gain (2020: £2 million loss).




232
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
(b) Cost inflation risk
Due to the nature of its business the Group is exposed to commodity, freight and other inflation risks. Short term volatility in pricing of these
products is mitigated through medium-term contracts, inventories of key materials and financial hedging. Over the medium and long term,
the Group mitigates the impact of inflation through: implementing pricing and revenue growth management, identifying productivity and
efficiencies and improving sales mix.

(c) Interest rate risk
The Group has both interest-bearing and non-interest bearing assets and liabilities. The Group monitors its interest income and expense
rate exposure on a regular basis. The Group sets its desired level of fixed and floating rate exposure as part of its interest risk management
strategy. The mix of fixed and floating exposure on interest-bearing assets is managed by using a mixture of fixed and floating rate deposits.
The fixed/floating mix on liabilities is managed by using a mixture of fixed and floating rate borrowings as well as by using derivatives to swap
fixed to floating rate.

In 2020 the Group issued two €850 million bonds due in 2026 and 2030. In order to maintain a level of floating rate debt in line with the Group’s
interest management strategy the Group entered into a €850 million cross currency interest rate swap on similar terms to the 2026 bond and
interest rate swap on the coupon payments due on the 2030 bond. The accounting for the foreign exchange element of the cross currency
swap is described above. The interest rate element swaps the fixed coupon payments on the bond for floating rate (the cross currency
interest rate swap with reference to LIBOR, and the interest rate swap with reference to EURIBOR). The interest rate swaps have been
placed into a fair value hedge relationship with the related bonds. Sources of ineffectiveness on this hedge relationship will come from
a difference in credit ratings between the counterparties and modifications to the terms of either the hedged item or the hedging instrument.
At 31 December 2021 no material ineffectiveness (2020: no material ineffectiveness) has been recognised in the Income Statement.

Various scenarios are simulated taking into consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions, alternative financing and hedging. Based
on these scenarios, the Group calculates the impact on the Income Statement of a defined interest rate shift. For each simulation, the same
interest rate shift is used for all currencies, calculated on a full-year and pre-tax basis.

The scenarios are only run for liabilities that represent the major interest-bearing positions. Based on the simulations performed, the impact on
the Income Statement of a 50 basis-point shift in interest rates would be a maximum increase of £10 million (2020: £14 million) or decrease of
£10 million (2020: £14 million), respectively for the liabilities covered. The simulation is done on a periodic basis to verify that the maximum loss
simulated is within the limit given by management.

(d) Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks
A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement of some interbank offered
rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as ‘IBOR reform’).

The Group’s main exposure to IBOR reform is through cross currency interest rate swaps that reference a floating Sterling LIBOR. The swaps
were executed as hedging instruments of the €850 million bond maturing in 2026 in which the Group pays interest on a floating sterling
rate based on 3-month GBP LIBOR. As the swap agreements are governed by contracts based on the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association (ISDA)’s master agreements, by adhering to the ISDA LIBOR Fallback Protocol during the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group
amended contractual terms of financial instruments indexed to the relevant LIBORs, such that these will be replaced by risk-free rates after
IBOR cessation, thereby removing IBOR reform-related uncertainty.

During 2021, the Group’s committed bank facilities totalling £4,500 million (2020: £5,500 million) were amended or renewed to include rate
switch provisions, thus addressing IBOR reform, predominantly in the form recommended by the Loan Market Association. These committed
facilities were undrawn at 31 December (2020: undrawn).

At 31 December, the Group had contracts of cross currency interest swap liabilities with a carrying value of £49 million referenced to GBP
LIBOR but with appropriate fallback clauses (2020: Unreformed contracts of cross currency interest swap asset of £12 million)

On 5 March 2021, the FCA confirmed that certain LIBOR benchmark settings – including the 3-month USD benchmark – would continue to be
published until 30 June 2023. Consequently, the Group expects that the $750 million floating rate note maturing in June 2022 that references
3-month USD LIBOR will not be affected by IBOR reform. The Group’s EURIBOR interest rate swap is unaffected as EURIBOR is not impacted by
IBOR reform.

2. Credit Risk
The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments,
deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to customers. The assessment of lifetime expected credit losses
relating to trade and other receivables is detailed in Note 14. Financial institution counterparties are subject to approval under the Group’s
counterparty risk policy and such approval is limited to financial institutions with a BBB rating or above. The Group uses BBB and higher
rated counterparties to manage risk and only uses sub BBB rated counterparties by exception. The amount of exposure to any individual
counterparty is subject to a limit defined within the counterparty risk policy, which is reassessed annually by the Board of Directors. Derivative
financial instruments are only traded with counterparties approved in accordance with the approved policy. Derivative risk is measured using
a risk weighting method.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 233
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
      The Group has counterparty risk from asset positions held with financial institutions. This is comprised of short-term investments, cash and cash
      equivalents and derivatives positions. For risk management purposes the Group assesses the exposure to major financial institutions by looking at
      the deposits, cash and cash equivalents and a percentage of the nominal amount of derivative contracts taking into account the time to maturity
      and the nature of the product. The following table summarises the Group’s assessment of its exposure. The financial institutions listed in the
      tables are not comparable year on year.
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                                                         Credit          Limit    Exposure
      Counterparty                                                                                                       rating            £m          £m
      Financial institution A                                                                                                A+           250              210
      Financial institution B                                                                                                A+           250              160
      Financial institution C                                                                                                A+           250              147
      Financial institution D                                                                                                A+           250              127
      Financial institution E                                                                                                A+           250              115
      Financial institution F                                                                                                 A           200              115
      Financial institution G                                                                                                 A           200              102
      Financial institution H                                                                                              AAA            300              83
      Financial institution I                                                                                                 A           200              70
      Financial institution J                                                                                                A+           250              54

                                                                                                                                     2020
                                                                                                                         Credit          Limit    Exposure
      Counterparty                                                                                                       rating            £m          £m
      Financial institution A                                                                                              AAA            300              201
      Financial institution B                                                                                                A+             150            141
      Financial institution C                                                                                                A+             150            130
      Financial institution D                                                                                              AAA            300              125
      Financial institution E                                                                                                  A            125            121
      Financial institution F                                                                                                A+             143            102
      Financial institution G                                                                                                A+             100            96
      Financial institution H                                                                                                  A            103            93
      Financial institution I                                                                                                  A            116            93
      Financial institution J                                                                                              AAA            300              85

      3. Liquidity Risk
      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group cannot repay financial liabilities as and when they fall due. The Group’s liquidity risk is concentrated
      towards bond and senior note principal repayments due between 2022 and 2044.

      The Group has various borrowing facilities available to it. The Group has bilateral credit facilities with high-quality international banks and has
      a financial covenant, which is not expected to restrict the Group’s future operations.

      At the end of 2021, the Group had long-term debt excluding lease liabilities of £6,812 million (2020: £9,553 million), of which £6,445 million
      (2020: £6,889 million) is repayable in more than two years. In addition, the Group has committed borrowing facilities totalling £4,500 million
      (2020: £5,500 million), of which £4,500 million (2020: £3,500 million) expires after more than two years. These facilities were undrawn at year
      end. The committed borrowing facilities, together with central cash and investments, are considered sufficient to meet the Group’s projected
      cash requirements.

      All borrowing facilities are at floating rates of interest.

      The facilities have been arranged to cover general corporate purposes, including support for commercial paper issuance. All facilities incur
      commitment fees at market rates.

      The Group’s borrowing limit at 31 December 2021 calculated in accordance with the Articles of Association was £22,197 million
      (2020: £27,345 million).

      The table on the next page analyses the Group’s financial liabilities and the derivatives which will be settled on a net basis into relevant
      maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the Balance Sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the
      table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows which have been calculated using spot rates at the relevant Balance Sheet date, including
      interest to be paid.




234
Strategic Report                                 Governance                                         Financial Statements




15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
                                                                                                          Between      Between
                                                                                            Less than       1 and 2      2 and 5        Over
                                                                                  Total        1 year         years        years      5 years
At 31 December 2021                                                                 £m            £m            £m           £m           £m
Bonds                                                                            (8,642)      (2,552)         (496)        (2,430)     (3,164)
Senior notes                                                                     (1,855)          (53)         (53)         (690)      (1,059)
Trade payables                                                                   (2,064)      (2,064)             –             –           –
Other payables                                                                   (3,129)      (3,048)           (81)            –           –

                                                                                                          Between      Between
                                                                                            Less than       1 and 2     2 and 5         Over
                                                                                   Total       1 year         years       years       5 years
At 31 December 2020                                                                 £m            £m            £m          £m            £m
Commercial paper                                                                    (671)        (671)            –             –           –
Bonds                                                                            (8,843)         (174)       (2,527)        (2,119)    (4,023)
Term loans                                                                         (297)            (3)       (294)             –           –
Senior notes                                                                      (1,888)         (52)          (52)         (706)     (1,078)
Trade payables                                                                    (2,159)       (2,159)           –             –           –
Other payables                                                                   (3,643)       (3,418)          (53)         (172)          –

The table below analyses the Group’s derivative financial instruments which will be settled on a gross basis into relevant maturity groupings
based on the remaining period between the Balance Sheet date and the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
contractual undiscounted cash flows which have been calculated using spot rates at the relevant Balance Sheet date.
                                                                                                          Between      Between
                                                                                            Less than       1 and 2      2 and 5        Over
                                                                                               1 year         years        years      5 years
At 31 December 2021                                                                               £m            £m           £m           £m
FX forward exchange contracts
Outflow                                                                                        (7,016)          (10)            (1)         –
Inflow                                                                                         7,024             11              1          –
Cross currency interest rate swap
Outflow                                                                                            (9)           (9)        (770)           –
Inflow                                                                                              3            3           723            –
Interest rate swap
Outflow                                                                                            (3)           (3)           (9)        (10)
Inflow                                                                                              5            5             16          21

                                                                                                          Between      Between
                                                                                            Less than       1 and 2     2 and 5         Over
                                                                                               1 year         years       years       5 years
At 31 December 2020                                                                               £m            £m          £m            £m
FX forward exchange contracts
Outflow                                                                                        (6,234)            –             –           –
Inflow                                                                                          6,146             –             –           –
Cross currency interest rate swap
Outflow                                                                                             (9)          (9)          (26)      (785)
Inflow                                                                                              3             3             8        773
Interest rate swap
Outflow                                                                                             (3)          (3)          (10)        (16)
Inflow                                                                                              5             5            17         29




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          235
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
      Cash flow forecasting is performed by the local business units and on an aggregated basis by GT. GT monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s
      liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs while maintaining sufficient headroom on its undrawn
      committed borrowing facilities. Funds over and above those required for short-term working capital purposes by the local businesses
      are generally remitted to GT. The Group uses the remittances to settle obligations, repay borrowings, or, in the event of a surplus, invest
      in short‑term instruments issued by institutions with a BBB rating or above.

      4. Capital Management
      The Group considers capital to be net debt plus total equity. Net debt is calculated as total financing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents
      and short-term deposits. Total equity includes share capital, reserves and retained earnings as shown in the Group Balance Sheet.
                                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                        Note          £m            £m
      Cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts                                                                                 1,259         1,644
      Financing liabilities                                                                                                 17      (9,637)      (10,598)
      Net debt                                                                                                                      8,378         8,954
      Total equity                                                                                                                  7,453          9,159
                                                                                                                                    15,831        18,113

      The objectives for managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, in order to provide returns
      for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an efficient capital structure to optimise the cost of capital.

      In 2021, the Group provided returns to shareholders in the form of dividends. Refer to Note 28 for further details.

      The Group monitors net debt and at year end the Group had net debt of £8,378 million (2020: £8,954 million). The Group seeks to pay down
      net debt using cash generated by the business to maintain an appropriate level of financial flexibility.

      Supply chain finance
      The Group participates in a supply chain finance programme (SCF) under which certain suppliers to the Group are able to access a Supply
      Chain Financing arrangement that enables them to fund their working capital. The principal purpose of this programme is to facilitate efficient
      payment processing and enable the willing suppliers to sell their receivables due from the Group to a bank before their due date. The Group
      does not incur any additional interest towards the bank on the amounts due to the suppliers. As part of this facility the Group has confirmed to
      certain financial institutions that it will make payments of £372 million (2020: £392 million) to these suppliers as they fall due. These amounts
      are recorded within Trade Payables on the Balance Sheet and all cash flows associated with the programme are included within operating
      cash flows as they continue to be part of the normal operating cycle of the Group and their principal nature remains operating, being
      payments for the purchase of goods and services.

      16 Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                                      £m            £m
      Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                                        587             499
      Short-term bank deposits                                                                                                         674         1,147
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      1,261         1,646

      The Group operates in a number of territories where there are either foreign currency exchange restrictions, or where it is difficult for the
      Group to extract cash readily and easily in the short term. As a result, £66 million (2020: £136 million) of cash included in cash and cash
      equivalents is restricted for use by the Group, yet available for use in the relevant subsidiary’s day-to-day operations.




236
Strategic Report                                               Governance                                                  Financial Statements




17 Financial Liabilities – Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                   2021             2020
Current                                                                                                                                Note         £m               £m
Bank loans and overdrafts1                                                                                                                           22               20
Commercial paper                                                                                                                                       –              671
Bonds                                                                                                                                              2,401                –
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                          19        62               72
Total short-term borrowings                                                                                                                       2,485              763
Bonds                                                                                                                                             5,568             8,041
Senior notes                                                                                                                                       1,229            1,221
Term loans                                                                                                                                             –             291
Other non-current borrowings                                                                                                                          15                –
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                          19       266               241
Total long-term borrowings                                                                                                                         7,078            9,794
Total borrowings                                                                                                                                  9,563            10,557
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                     76               43
Less overdrafts presented in cash and cash equivalents in the cash flow statement                                                                     (2)              (2)
Total financing liabilities                                                                                                                       9,637            10,598

1.   Bank loans are denominated in a number of currencies: all are unsecured and bear interest based on market short term interest rates

The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge certain elements of interest rate and exchange risk on its financing liabilities.
The split between these items and other derivatives on the Balance Sheet is shown below:
                                                                                                                          Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                                                                                     Non-                       Non-
2021 (£m)                                                                                                          Current         Current1     Current       Current2
Derivative financial instruments (financing liabilities)                                                                  31               –        (36)              (71)
Derivative financial instruments (non-financing liabilities)                                                              30                1        (16)               –
At 31 December 2021                                                                                                        61               1       (52)              (71)

1.   Included within Other non-current receivables on the Balance Sheet

2.   Included within Other non-current liabilities on the Balance Sheet

                                                                                                                          Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                                                                                      Non-                          Non-
2020 (£m)                                                                                                           Current         Current1    Current           Current
Derivative financial instruments (financing liabilities)                                                                    6              19        (68)               –
Derivative financial instruments (non-financing liabilities)                                                              24               –         (50)               –
At 31 December 2020                                                                                                       30               19       (118)               –

1.   Included within Other non-current receivables on the Balance Sheet

                                                                                                                                                   2021             2020
Reconciliation of movement in financing liabilities to cash flow statement                                                                          £m               £m
At 1 January                                                                                                                                      10,598           12,298
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                             38             2,903
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                           (1,044)          (4,583)
Other financing cash flows                                                                                                                          (92)              (47)
Total financing cash flows                                                                                                                        (1,098)          (1,727)
New lease liabilities                                                                                                                               109               86
Exchange, fair value and other movements                                                                                                             28               (59)
Total non-cash financing items                                                                                                                      137               27
At 31 December                                                                                                                                    9,637            10,598




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                      237
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      17 Financial Liabilities – Borrowings continued
                                                                                                                                  2021             2020
      Maturity of borrowings (excluding lease liabilities)                                                                         £m               £m
      Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
      Within one year or on demand                                                                                                  22                20
      Other borrowings repayable:
      Within one year:
         Commercial paper                                                                                                             –               671
         Bonds                                                                                                                   2,401                  –
      After one year and in less than five years:
         Bonds                                                                                                                   2,546             4,194
         Senior notes                                                                                                              572              569
         Term loans                                                                                                                   –               291
      After five years or longer:
         Bonds                                                                                                                   3,022            3,847
         Senior notes                                                                                                              657              652
         Other non-current borrowings                                                                                                15                 –
                                                                                                                                  9,213          10,224
      Gross borrowings (unsecured)                                                                                               9,235           10,244

      18 Provisions for Liabilities and Charges
                                                                                                                Legal            Other            Total
                                                                                                            provisions       provisions      provisions
                                                                                                                   £m               £m              £m
      At 1 January 2020                                                                                            151              83              234
      Charged to the Income Statement                                                                              160               19               179
      Utilised during the year                                                                                     (13)             (13)              (26)
      Released to the Income Statement                                                                             (61)             (27)              (88)
      Reclassifications                                                                                             (2)               2                 –
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                          (3)              (4)               (7)
      At 31 December 2020                                                                                         232               60              292
      Charged to the Income Statement                                                                              39                10               49
      Utilised during the year                                                                                     (69)              (4)              (73)
      Released to the Income Statement                                                                             (15)             (11)              (26)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                          (7)               –                (7)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                                         180               55              235

      Provisions have been analysed between current and non-current as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2021             2020
                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
      Current                                                                                                                       191               243
      Non-current                                                                                                                   44                49
                                                                                                                                   235              292

      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is more likely than not that
      there will be an outflow of resources to settle that obligation, and the amount can be reliably estimated.

      As at 31 December 2021, the Group recognised legal provisions of £180 million (2020: £232 million) in relation to a number of historical
      regulatory and other matters in various jurisdictions. These provisions relate to matters where the Group is currently involved with, or
      potentially will be involved in litigation. The provision represents the Group’s best estimate of the likely settlement. Due to the uncertain nature
      of the resolution of majority of these matters, £144 million (2020: £192 million) is recorded as a current provision as it is possible the matter
      could be settled in the next 12 months, however, it is possible that they may not be. Legal provisions includes £75 million (2020: £83 million)
      relating to the Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue in Korea (see Note 20).

      Other provisions include environmental and other obligations throughout the Group, the majority of which are expected to be utilised within
      five years.




238
Strategic Report                                                   Governance                         Financial Statements




19 Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                                             2021         2020
Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows                                                                       £m           £m
Within one year                                                                                                                64            86
Later than one and less than five years                                                                                       222           176
After five years                                                                                                              140           122
Total undiscounted lease liabilities at 31 December                                                                           426          384
Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position at 31 December                                              328           313
Current                                                                                                                        62            72
Non-current                                                                                                                   266           241

1.   Interest on lease liabilities amounted to £13 million (2020: £13 million)

20 Contingent Liabilities and Assets
The Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue in South Korea was a tragic event. The Group continues to make both public and personal apologies to the
victims who have suffered lung injury as a result of the Oxy HS product and the role that the Oxy HS product played in the issue.

As previously reported, over the last several years the South Korean government has designated a number of diseases as HS injuries, in
addition to the HS lung injury for which RB Korea’s (RBK) compensation plan was established. These include asthma, toxic hepatitis, child
interstitial lung disease, bronchitis and upper airway disease. On 29 October 2021, the South Korean Government published a report that
concluded epidemiological correlation exists between HS use and asthma, ILD and pneumonia. Our expert advisors have reviewed the report
and concluded that it does not clearly support causation between HS use and the above injuries.

The Korean National Assembly passed a bill on 6 March 2020 to amend the HS law. The amendment became effective on 25 September 2020.
The main changes in the amendment relate to: (i) the definition of HS injury (removing the requirement for ‘substantial causation’ with HS
exposure); (ii) the legal presumption of causation (shifting the burden of proof for causation to the defendant if the plaintiff demonstrates
‘epidemiological correlation’ between HS exposure and their injury), and (iii) amendments to the fund set up by the government and funded by
the government and HS companies (the Special Relief Fund (SRF), now called the Injury Relief Fund (IRF)) to provide expanded support
payments to HS victims (which would cover all elements of court awarded damages except mental distress, aside from KRW 100 million
consolation payments for death cases, and partial lost income). The government can also impose on HS manufacturers an additional levy for
the IRF of up to the amount previously collected for the SRF.

Further, under the amended HS law, HS victims will no longer be classified as Categories 1 to 5 based on the likelihood that HS exposure
caused their lung injury. As RBK’s compensation plan was dependent on the previous classification system, it will no longer be possible for
the compensation plan to operate and it is now closed. The pending civil actions filed by HS claimants against RBK will also be impacted by
the amended HS law, e.g. due to the lowered causation standard of ‘epidemiological correlation’. Thus, we have seen the number of civil
claimants to increase, primarily seeking awards for mental distress and lost income (for portions not already covered by the IRF).

The HS mediation committee (HSMC) was established in October 2021 and has been meeting with claimant groups and industry companies
to discuss various issues related to designing a comprehensive mediation plan to cover all HS victims. It is our current understanding that the
HSMC plans to announce a mediation proposal in the second quarter of 2022. Reckitt Korea will not be bound to accept its mediation proposal
and could not do so without financial support from the Group.

The Group currently has a provision of £75 million (2020: £83 million) in relation to the HS issue in South Korea. In addition, there are further
potential costs that either are not considered probable or cannot be reliably estimated at the current time. The impact of the HS law
amendments will require further monitoring and analysis, in particular those which will be subject to court interpretation, such as the new
epidemiological correlation standard, any limitation applied by courts to damage awards and the interest rate applied by individual courts to
damage awards and external factors such as the rate of future IRF applications/recognitions. Accordingly, it is not possible to make any reliable
estimate of liability for individuals recognised by the government as having HS injuries.

Other
From time to time, the Group is involved in discussions in relation to ongoing tax matters in a number of jurisdictions around the world. Where
appropriate, the Directors make provisions based on their assessment of each case. See Note 7.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             239
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      21 Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                                                                                                                  £m              £m
      Trade payables                                                                                                                                           2,064             2,159
      Other payables                                                                                                                                              100               92
      Other tax and social security payable                                                                                                                       155              164
      Accruals                                                                                                                                                 2,948            3,327
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                  5,267            5,742

      Included within accruals is £1,137 million (2020: £1,275 million) in respect of amounts payable to trade customers and government bodies for
      trade spend.

      Other Non-current Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                                                                                                                  £m              £m
      Financial liability in respect of put option to non-controlling interest1                                                                                      –             148
      Interest accrued on tax balances                                                                                                                            135              157
      US employee related payables                                                                                                                                 46               39
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                              71                –
      Other                                                                                                                                                         81              53
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                               333              397

      1.   In 2020, this liability was in respect of the present value of the expected redemption amount of a written put option granted to the non‑controlling interest. As described in
           Note 27 this option has lapsed in the year to 31 December 2021 and has accordingly been credited to equity



      Financial instruments (Note 15)
      At 31 December 2021 £5,193 million (2020: £5,777 million) of the current and non-current payables totalling £5,600 million (2020: £6,139 million)
      are financial liabilities. These mainly related to amounts owed to suppliers in respect of goods or services and are typically non-interest
      bearing. Amounts that are not financial instruments comprise of employee related liabilities, social security liabilities and accrued interest.

      22 Current and Non-current Tax Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                                                                                                                  £m              £m
      Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                                       93              72
      Non-current tax liabilities                                                                                                                                 826            1,021
      Total current and non-current tax liabilities                                                                                                               919            1,093

      Included in total current and non-current tax liabilities is an amount of £770 million (2020: £950 million) relating to tax contingencies primarily
      arising in relation to transfer pricing.

      Certain tax positions taken by us are based on industry practice, tax advice and drawing similarities from our facts and circumstances to those
      in case law. In particular, international transfer pricing is an area of taxation that depends heavily on the underlying facts and circumstances and
      generally involves a significant degree of judgement. Tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so.

      23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments
      Plan details
      The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans around the world covering many of its employees,
      which are principally funded. The Group’s most significant pension plan (UK) is set up under Trust and is a separate entity from the Group. It
      has two sections, a defined contribution section which remains open and a defined benefits section, which closed to accrual from
      31 December 2017. Members have a normal retirement age of 65. Trustees of the plan are appointed by the Group, active members and
      pensioner membership, and are responsible for the governance of the plan, including paying all administrative costs of the defined benefit
      section and compliance with regulations. The defined benefit section of the plan is funded by the payment of contributions as required,
      following each Triennial Valuation.

      For the principal UK plan, a full independent actuarial valuation is carried out on a triennial basis. The most recent valuation was carried out at
      5 April 2019. The Group agreed that its aim was to eliminate the pension plan technical provisions deficit in the UK by the end of 2020. Funding
      levels are monitored on an annual basis and the current agreed annual deficit reduction contributions are £nil. It is expected that contributions
      to the UK defined benefit plan in 2022 will be £nil (2021: £nil).

      The Group continues to monitor the impact of UK High court rulings clarifying the requirements to equalise the Guaranteed Minimum Pension
      element of benefits for men and women within the UK Pension schemes from Guaranteed Minimum Pension accrued from post 17 May 1990
      pensionable service. Discussions are ongoing with the pension trustees from all defined benefit schemes in the UK, but no final agreement has
      yet been reached.




240
Strategic Report                                   Governance                                          Financial Statements




23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued
The Group also operates a number of other post-retirement plans in certain countries. The two major plans are the US Retiree Health Care Plan
and the Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Medical Plan (together, the US (Medical) plans). In the US Retiree Health Care Plan, salaried participants
become eligible for retiree healthcare benefits after they reach a combined ‘age and years of service rendered’ figure of 70, although the age
must be a minimum of 55. This plan closed to new members in 2009. In the Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Medical Plan, acquired as part of
the acquisition of MJN on 15 June 2017, participants become eligible for retiree healthcare benefits if they leave employment after the age of
65, leave after the age of 55 and have completed ten years of service, or have their employment involuntarily terminated after the age of 55.
A Benefits Committee is appointed by the Group for both of these plans, responsible for the governance of the US plans, including paying all
administrative costs and compliance with regulations. Both of these plans are unfunded.

For the US Retiree Health Care Plan, a full independent actuarial valuation is carried out on an annual basis. The most recent valuation was
carried out on 1 January 2022. For the Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Medical Plan, the most recent valuation was carried out at 1 January
2022. For both of these plans, funding levels are monitored on an annual basis with contributions made equal to the claims made each year.
It is expected that the combined contributions in 2022 will be £7 million (2021: £7 million).

For the purpose of IAS 19, the projected unit valuation method was used for the UK and US plans, as per the principal UK plan triennial valuation
results (at 5 April 2019) and the US Medical plan valuations to 31 December 2021. The UK plans have a weighted average duration of the
deferred benefit obligation of 17.0 years (2020: 17.0 years).

Significant actuarial assumptions
The significant actuarial assumptions used in determining the Group’s net liability for the UK and US (Medical) plans as at 31 December were:
                                                                                            2021                               2020
                                                                                           UK      US (Medical)               UK      US (Medical)
                                                                                            %                %                 %                %
Rate of increase in pensionable salaries                                                  5.4                 –               5.1               –

Rate of increase in deferred pensions during deferment                                    3.4                 –               3.1               –
Rate of increase in pension payments                                                     3.25                 –               2.9               –
Discount rate                                                                              1.9              2.7               1.5              2.3
Inflation assumption – RPI                                                                3.4                 –               3.1               –
Annual medical cost inflation                                                               –           5.0-8.0                –           5.0-8.5

Assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance with published statistics and experience in each territory. The
expected lifetime of a participant aged 60 and the expected lifetime of a participant who will be aged 60 in 15 years (20 years in the US) are
detailed below:
                                                                                            2021                               2020
                                                                                    UK years          US years        UK years           US years
Number of years a current pensioner is expected to live beyond 60:
   Male                                                                                  27.5              25.1            27.5              25.3
   Female                                                                                28.9              27.2            28.7               27.3
Number of years a future pensioner is expected to live beyond 60:
   Male                                                                                  28.7             26.8            28.8                27.0
   Female                                                                                30.2             28.8            30.0               28.9

For the principal UK plan, the mortality assumptions were based on the standard SAPS mortality table 3NMA for males (scaled by 98%) and
table 3NFA for females (scaled by 117%). Allowance for future changes is made by adopting the 2020 edition of the CMI series with a long-
term improvement trend of 1.5% per annum from 2013 onwards. For the US plan the mortality assumptions were determined using the Pri-2012.
Total Dataset and projected with Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2020

No adjustment has been made for the impact of COVID-19 on mortality assumptions as it is too early to conclude on any evidence to support
the impact.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                              241
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued
      Amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet
      The amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet are as follows:
                                                                                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                                                                                     £m           £m
      Balance Sheet liability for:
         US (Medical)                                                                                                               (107)         (125)
         Other                                                                                                                       (211)        (247)
      Liability on Balance Sheet                                                                                                    (318)         (372)
      Balance Sheet assets for:
         UK                                                                                                                          298           188
         Other                                                                                                                        57            38
      Asset on Balance Sheet                                                                                                         355           226
      Net pension asset/(liability)                                                                                                   37          (146)

      The funded and unfunded amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet are determined as follows:
                                                                    2021                                                  2020
                                                                   US                                                   US
                                                     UK      (Medical)       Other         Total           UK     (Medical)        Other         Total
                                                     £m            £m          £m            £m            £m          £m            £m           £m
      Present value of funded obligations         (1,486)            –         (481)      (1,967)       (1,547)           –         (538)       (2,085)
      Fair value of plan assets                     1,788            –         496         2,284         1,754            –           510        2,264
      Surplus/(liability) of funded plans            302             –           15          317          207             –           (28)         179
      Present value of unfunded obligations             –         (107)        (169)        (276)            –         (125)         (181)        (306)
      Irrecoverable surplus                            (4)           –            –            (4)         (19)           –             –           (19)
      Net pension surplus/(liability)                298          (107)        (154)          37           188         (125)        (209)         (146)

      The UK surplus of £298 million (2020: £188 million) relates mainly to the Reckitt Benckiser Pension Fund. This surplus has been recognised as the
      Group has concluded it has an unconditional right to a refund of any surplus once all member benefits have been paid. The Group’s judgement
      is based on legal advice that the trustees would be unable to unconditionally wind up the plan or enhance members benefits without the
      Group’s consent.

      Group plan assets are comprised as follows:
                                                                    2021                                                  2020
                                                                   US                                                   US
                                                     UK      (Medical)       Other         Total           UK     (Medical)        Other        Total £
                                                     £m            £m          £m            £m            £m          £m            £m              m
      Equities                                       178             –         202           380           182            –           217          399
      Government bonds                               215             –         230           445          682             –           137          819
      Corporate bonds                                356             –           25          381          395             –            92          487
      Real Estate/property – unquoted                 113            –           19          132           110            –            51           161
      Insurance contracts                            388             –            –          388          350             –             –          350
      Other assets – unquoted                        538             –           20          558            35            –            13           48
      Fair value of plan assets                     1,788            –         496         2,284         1,754            –           510        2,264

      In 2021, the Trustees of two of the UK pension plans entered into an annuity buy-in agreement which covers, in aggregate, £48 million of
      pension liabilities (valued under IAS19 at 31 December 2021). The buy-in involved the purchase of a bulk annuity policy under which the insurer
      will pay the UK pension funds amounts equivalent to the benefits payable to members. This purchase was conducted by the trustees to
      ensure the pension fund had an asset that would match its obligation to members. The pension liabilities remain with, and the matching
      annuity policies are held within, the UK pension funds. As this was an investment decision by the trustees the immaterial reduction in the
      valuation of plan assets (due to the difference between the purchase price of the annuity policy and the accounting value of the buy-in asset)
      is recorded within Other comprehensive income.

      In 2020 the trustees of the principle UK pension plan entered into a similar arrangement, a similar immaterial downward remeasurement of
      pension assets was recorded within Other comprehensive income. At 31 December 2021 this arrangement covered £340 million (2020: £350
      million) of pension liabilities (valued under IAS19).

      At 31 December 2021 the Group has not committed to any Buy-out arrangements in respect of any of the UK pension schemes.



242
Strategic Report                                       Governance                                         Financial Statements




23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued
Included in Other assets are £466 million (2020: nil) relating to liability driven investment funds. This is a bespoke pooled investment vehicle
with underlying listed bonds and structured notes. The trustees have purchased these investments during the year to lower risk within the
portfolio without reducing potential returns. The remaining other assets are cash.

The present value of obligations for the combined UK plans and the US Medical plans at last valuation date is attributable to participants as follows:
                                                                                                          2021                         2020
                                                                                                                       US                           US
                                                                                                        UK       (Medical)            UK      (Medical)
                                                                                                        £m             £m             £m           £m
Active participants                                                                                       (1)           (45)            –          (50)
Participants with deferred benefits                                                                   (646)              (1)        (687)            (2)
Participants receiving benefits                                                                       (839)             (62)        (860)          (73)
Present value of obligation                                                                          (1,486)           (107)       (1,547)         (125)

The movement in the Group’s net surplus/(deficit) is as follows:
                                                       Present value of obligation                              Fair value of plan assets
                                                                US                                                     US
                                                 UK       (Medical)       Other         Total           UK       (Medical)         Other          Total
                                                 £m            £m           £m           £m             £m            £m             £m            £m
At 1 January 2020                              1,506            130          704        2,340         (1,741)             –         (534)        (2,275)
Current service cost                               4                1          4            9             –               –             –             –
Interest expense/(income)                         28              4           14           46           (32)              –           (15)          (47)
                                                  32              5           18           55           (32)              –           (15)          (47)
Remeasurements:
Return on plan assets, excluding
amounts included in interest income                –              –            –            –           (54)              –           (17)          (71)
Losses/(gains) from changes in
demographic assumptions                            9              (1)          (2)          6             –               –             –             –
Losses from change in financial
assumptions                                      88              12           55          155             –               –             –             –
Experience (gains)/losses                         (9)           (10)           3           (16)           –               –             –             –
                                                 88                 1         56          145           (54)              –           (17)          (71)
Exchange differences                               –             (4)          (15)         (19)           –               –           20            20
Contributions – employers                          –              –            –            –            (6)             (7)           (8)          (21)
Payments from plans:
Benefit payments                                 (79)            (7)         (44)        (130)           79               7           44           130
As at 31 December 2020                        1,547             125          719        2,391        (1,754)              –         (510)       (2,264)
Current service cost                               –                1          9           10             –               –             –             –
Administrative costs                               2              –            –            2             –               –             –             –
Interest expense/(income)                        23               3            9           35           (26)              –            (5)          (31)
                                                 25               4           18           47           (26)              –            (5)          (31)
Remeasurements:
Return on plan assets, excluding
amounts included in interest income                –              –            –            –           (76)              –          (30)         (106)
Losses/(gains) from changes in
demographic assumptions                            1             (6)           4            (1)           –               –             –             –
(Gains) from change in financial
assumptions                                     (27)             (5)         (33)         (65)            –               –            (1)           (1)
Experience (gains)/losses                          8             (3)           4            9             –               –             –             –
                                                 (18)           (14)         (25)         (57)          (76)              –           (31)        (107)
Exchange differences                               –              –           (5)          (5)            –               –             4            4
Contributions – employers                          –              –            –            –             –              (8)          (11)          (19)
Payments from plans:                               –              –            –            –             –               –             –             –
Benefit payments                                 (68)            (8)         (57)        (133)           68               8           57           133
As at 31 December 2021                        1,486             107         650        2,243         (1,788)              –         (496)       (2,284)



Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                    243
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued
      Amounts recognised in the Income Statement
      The charge for the year ended 31 December is shown below:
                                                                                                                                                          2021        2020
                                                                                                                                                           £m          £m
      Defined contribution plans                                                                                                                            48          45
      Defined benefit plans (net charge excluding interest)
           UK                                                                                                                                                2           4
           US (Medical)                                                                                                                                      1            1
           Other                                                                                                                                             9           4
      Total pension costs included in operating profit (Note 5) 1                                                                                           60          54
      Income Statement charge included in finance expense                                                                                                    –           –
      Income Statement charge included in profit before income tax                                                                                          60          54
      Remeasurement losses/(gains) for2:
           UK                                                                                                                                               94          34
           US (Medical)                                                                                                                                     14            1
           Other                                                                                                                                            56          39
                                                                                                                                                           164          74

      1.   The Income Statement charge recognised in operating profit includes current service cost, past service cost and administrative costs

      2.   Remeasurement (gains) excludes £15 million (2020: £1 million) recognised in OCI for irrecoverable surplus

      Sensitivity of Significant Actuarial Assumptions
      The sensitivity of the UK defined benefit obligation to changes in the principal assumptions is shown below:
                                                                                                                                                         Change in defined
      2021                                                                                                             Change in assumption              benefit obligation
      Discount rate                                                                                                             Increase 0.1%             Decrease by 1.6%
      RPI increase                                                                                                              Increase 0.1%             Increase by 0.9%
      Life expectancy                                                                                            Members live 1 year longer               Increase by 4.0%

                                                                                                                                                  Change in defined benefit
      2020                                                                                                             Change in assumption                      obligation
      Discount rate                                                                                                             Increase 0.1%             Decrease by 1.7%
      RPI increase                                                                                                              Increase 0.1%              Increase by 1.0%
      Life expectancy                                                                                             Members live 1 year longer               Increase by 4.0%

      The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely
      to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.

      Impact of medical cost trend rates: A 1% change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have an immaterial impact on the service
      cost, interest cost and post-retirement benefit obligation.

      Risk and risk management: Through its defined benefit pension plans and post-employment medical plans, the Group is exposed to a
      number of risks, the most significant of which are detailed as follows:

      Asset volatility: The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields. If plan assets
      underperform this yield, this will create a deficit. Both the UK and US plans hold a significant proportion of equities, which are expected to
      outperform corporate bonds in the long term while providing volatility and risk in the short term. However, the Group believes that due to the
      long-term nature of the plan liabilities and the strength of the supporting group, a level of continuing equity investment is an appropriate
      element of the Group’s long-term strategy to manage the plans efficiently.

      Changes in bond yields: A decrease in government and corporate bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this will be partially offset
      by an increase in the value of the plans’ bond holdings

      Inflation risk: Some of the Group’s pension obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities (although, in most
      cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect the plan against extreme inflation). The majority of the plans’ assets are
      either unaffected by (fixed interest bonds) or loosely correlated with (equities) inflation, meaning that an increase in inflation will also increase
      the deficit. In the US plans, the pensions in payment are not linked to inflation, so this is a less material risk.




244
Strategic Report                                      Governance                                             Financial Statements




23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued
Life expectancy: The majority of the plans’ obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member. Whilst the plans allow for an
increase in life expectancy, increases above this assumption will result in an increase in the plans’ liabilities. This is particularly significant in the
UK plan, where inflationary increases result in higher sensitivity to changes in life expectancy. In 2020 the principle UK scheme reduced its
exposure by purchasing an insurance product that will pay the pensions of some of the scheme’s pensioners. In 2021 two other UK pension
schemes purchased a similar insurance policy.

Change in regulations: The Group is aware that future changes to the regulatory framework may impact the funding basis of the various
plans in the future. The Group’s pensions department monitors the changes in legislation and analyses the risks as and when they occur.

Investments are well diversified, such that the failure of any single investment would not have a material impact on the overall level of assets.
A large portion of assets consists of unit linked insurance policies with underlying investments in quoted equities and quoted bonds, although
the Group also invests in property and cash. The Group believes that quoted equities offer the best returns over the long term with an
acceptable level of risk. The trustees of all the UK funds have moved the majority of their assets to low cost investment funds in consultation
with the Group whilst maintaining a prudent diversification and appropriate interest and inflation hedging.

24 Share Capital
                                                                                                                                    Equity
                                                                                                                                  ordinary
                                                                                                                                    shares      Nominal
Issued and fully paid                                                                                                             number       value £m
At 31 December 2020                                                                                                            736,535,179            74
At 31 December 2021                                                                                                           736,535,179             74

The holders of ordinary shares (par value 10 pence) are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one
vote per share at meetings of the Parent Company.

Allotment of ordinary shares and release of treasury shares
During the year nil ordinary shares (2020: nil ordinary shares) were allotted and 1,677,112 ordinary shares were released from Treasury (2020:
2,988,443) to satisfy vestings/exercises under the Group’s various share schemes as follows:
                                                                                                    2021                                2020
                                                                                        Number of Consideration             Number of      Consideration
Ordinary shares of 10p                                                                     shares           £m                 shares                £m
Executive Share Options – exercises                                                        860,697                 41      2,774,400                120
Restricted Shares Awards – vesting                                                         164,867                  –           5,804                 –
Total under Executive Share Option and Restricted Share Schemes                           1,025,564                41      2,780,204                120
Senior Executives Share Ownership Policy Plan – vesting                                             –               –               –                 –
Savings-Related Share Option Schemes – exercises                                           651,548                 39         208,239                11
Total                                                                                      1,677,112               80      2,988,443                131

In 2021, 1,677,112 Treasury shares were released (2020: 2,988,443), leaving a balance held at 31 December 2021 of 22,122,980 (2020: 23,800,092).
Proceeds received from the reissuance of Treasury shares to exercise share options were £80 million (2020: £131 million).

25 Share-Based Payments
The Group operates a number of incentive schemes, including a share option scheme, a restricted share scheme, and other share award
schemes. All schemes are equity-settled. The total charge for share-based payments for the year was £30 million (2020: £15 million).

Executive share awards
Executive share awards, comprising both Executive Share Options and Restricted Share Awards, are awarded to the senior management
team. Executive Share Options are awarded at an exercise price determined on grant date and become payable on exercise – following
satisfaction of performance criteria. Restricted Share Awards entitle the recipient to receive shares at no cost following satisfaction of the
following performance criteria and continued employment.

For awards granted before December 2012:

Adjusted earnings per share growth over three years (%)                                     <6%            6%            7%              8%         ≥9%
Proportion of awards vesting (%)                                                              Nil          40%          60%             80%         100%

For awards granted in December 2013 and thereafter:

Adjusted earnings per share growth over three years (%)               <6%            6%                             Between 6% and 10%              ≥10%
Proportion of awards vesting (%)                                       Nil          20% Straight-line vesting between 20% and 100%                  100%




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                      245
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      25 Share-Based Payments continued
      For awards granted in May 2019:
                                                                                                                           Threshold       Maximum
                                                                                                                                (20%          (100%
                                                                                                              Weighting     vesting)        vesting)
      Adjusted EPS growth at actual FX rates (three-year CAGR)                                                      25%           4%             9%
      Adjusted EPS growth at constant FX rates (three-year CAGR)                                                    25%           4%             9%
      Net Revenue growth (three-year CAGR)                                                                          25%           2%             6%
      Return on capital employed (in final year)                                                                    25%        10.8%          12.8%

      For awards granted in May 2020:
                                                                                                                           Threshold       Maximum
                                                                                                                                (20%          (100%
                                                                                                              Weighting     vesting)        vesting)
      Adjusted EPS at actual FX rates (in final year)                                                              12.5%        302p           337p
      Adjusted EPS at constant FX rates (in final year)                                                            12.5%        323p           360p
      Net Revenue growth (three-year CAGR)                                                                        50.0%         2.0%           5.0%
      Return on capital employed (in final year)                                                                  25.0%         11.8%          13.1%

      For awards granted in May 2021 and thereafter:
                                                                                                                           Threshold       Maximum
                                                                                                                                (20%          (100%
                                                                                                              Weighting     vesting)        vesting)
      Adjusted EPS at actual FX rates (in final year)                                                              12.5%        308p           379p
      Adjusted EPS at constant FX rates (in final year)                                                            12.5%        327p           401p
      Net Revenue growth (three-year CAGR)                                                                          50%            1%            5%
      Return on capital employed (in final year)                                                                    25%         12.3%         14.0%

      The cost is spread over the three years of the performance period. For Group Executive Committee and members of the Group Leadership
      Team, vesting conditions must be met over the three-year period and are not retested.

      For the remaining members of the senior management team, for awards granted prior to 2021, the targets can be retested after four or five
      years. If any target has not been met, any remaining shares or options which have not vested will lapse. For awards granted in May 2021 and
      thereafter, vesting conditions must be met over the three-year period and are not retested.

      Other share awards
      Other share awards represent SAYE Schemes (offered to all staff within the relevant geographic area) and a number of Senior Executive Share
      Ownership Policy Plan (SOPP) awards. Other share awards have contractual lives of between three and eight years and are generally not
      subject to any vesting criteria other than the employee’s continued employment.

      Individual tranches of these other share awards are not material for detailed disclosure and therefore have been aggregated in the
      tables following.

      Summary of shares outstanding
      All outstanding Executive and Other share awards as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 are included in the tables following which
      analyse the charge for 2021 and 2020. The Group has used the Black-Scholes model to calculate the fair value of one award on the date of the
      grant of the award.




246
Strategic Report                                              Governance                                                   Financial Statements




25 Share-Based Payments continued
Table 1: Fair value
The most significant awards are share options and restricted shares, details of which have been provided below.
                                                                                               Black-Scholes model assumptions
                                                       Exercise     Modified                    Share price                                           Risk-free    Fair value
                                                        price at    exercise                      on grant                  Dividend                   interest       of one
                                                          grant        price Performance              date    Volatility        yield                      rate       award
Award                     Grant date                           £           £       period                 £           %            %     Life years           %             £

Share options
2013                      3 December 2012                 39.14       38.06          2013–15         39.66          20             4.3           4        0.61         3.29
2014                      11 December 2013               47.83         46.51         2014–16        46.69            19            3.7           4        0.76         3.85
2015                      1 December 2014                50.57        50.57          2015–17         52.40           17            4.0           4        1.03         4.34
2016                      2 December 2015                63.25        63.25          2016–18         64.15           18            2.9           4        1.07          6.75
2017                      1 December 2016                67.68        67.68          2017–19        66.28            18            3.0           4        0.46         5.54
2018                      30 November 2017               64.99        64.99          2018–20        64.86            18            3.4           4        0.68         5.58
2019                      10 May 2019                    60.83        60.83          2019–21         61.45          20             3.7           4        0.83         5.89
2020                      1 May 2020                     65.20        65.20         2020–22          65.70           21            2.6           4        0.55          7.96
2021                      28 May 2021                    64.67        64.67          2021–23        63.68           22             2.1           4        0.20         7.84
Restricted shares
2018                      30 November 2017                    –            –         2018–20        64.86            18            3.4           4        0.68        56.71
2019                      10 May 2019                         –            –         2019–21         61.40           19            3.7           4        0.83        53.02
2020                      1 May 2020                          –            –        2020–22          65.70           21            2.6           4        0.55         59.17
2021                      28 May 2021                         –            –         2021-23        63.68           22             2.1           4        0.20        58.65

Table 2: Share awards movements 2021
                                                                                                    Movement in number of options
                                                                   Options outstanding            Granted/                               Exercised/ Options outstanding
                                                                      at 1 January 2021        adjustments             Lapsed               vested at 31 December 2021
Award                                                                          number              number             number               number               number

Share options1
2012                                                                               151,411               –            (2,057)            (149,354)                         –
2013                                                                             247,750                 –                    –           (79,343)                 168,407
2014                                                                             457,296                 –           (13,350)             (159,136)                284,810
2015                                                                             742,966                 –           (15,000)            (295,000)                 432,966
2016                                                                           1,120,802                 –         (383,399)             (169,850)                 567,553
2017                                                                             573,907                 –           (82,376)                 (850)                490,681
2018                                                                         1,837,548                   –         (839,095)                      –                998,453
2019                                                                        2,086,058                    –          (261,796)                     –               1,824,262
2020                                                                        2,595,052                    –         (378,529)                      –               2,216,523
2021                                                                                    –       3,075,575          (205,846)                      –               2,869,729
Restricted shares1
2016                                                                             124,863                 –         (124,863)                      –                        –
2017                                                                                  175                –                 (175)                  –                        –
2018                                                                             849,859           16,997          (389,368)              (30,033)                 447,455
2019                                                                             1,114,886        (13,884)         (177,664)              (57,737)                 865,601
2020                                                                        1,404,377               7,242          (195,882)              (84,995)                1,130,742
2021                                                                                    –        1,738,153         (126,265)              (22,836)                1,589,052
Other share awards
UK SAYE                                                                           738,410        383,424           (148,654)             (102,653)                 870,527
US SAYE                                                                          672,995          439,679            (95,794)             (65,747)                  951,133
Overseas SAYE                                                                2,302,103            930,727          (673,300)             (482,826)                2,076,704
SOPP                                                                              156,000          92,800           (33,403)              (14,597)                 200,800
Weighted average exercise price (share options)                                   £60.97           £64.67            £64.05                £47.80                   £62.58

1.   Grant date and exercise price for each of the awards are shown in Table 1




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                         247
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      25 Share-Based Payments continued
      Table 3: Share awards movements 2020
                                                                                                        Movement in number of options
                                                                         Options outstanding          Granted/                          Exercised/ Options outstanding
                                                                           at 1 January 2020       adjustments         Lapsed              vested at 31 December 2020
      Award                                                                          number            number          number             number               number

      Share options1
      2011                                                                               71,509             –          (2,400)            (69,109)                  –
      2012                                                                              367,374             –           (2,210)          (213,753)             151,411
      2013                                                                              646,593             –          (2,057)          (396,786)             247,750
      2014                                                                              924,419             –          (2,057)          (465,066)             457,296
      2015                                                                         1,298,544                –          (5,000)          (550,578)             742,966
      2016                                                                             1,904,977            –          (95,138)         (689,037)            1,120,802
      2017                                                                             1,841,056            –       (1,219,134)           (48,015)            573,907
      2018                                                                             2,171,480            –        (331,924)            (2,008)           1,837,548
      2019                                                                         2,385,439                –        (299,381)                  –           2,086,058
      2020                                                                                    –     2,626,735         (31,683)                  –           2,595,052
      Restricted shares      1


      2016                                                                              144,288             –          (19,425)                 –             124,863
      2017                                                                              824,061             –        (546,909)          (276,977)                 175
      2018                                                                             1,067,280            –        (190,262)            (27,159)            849,859
      2019                                                                             1,364,136            –        (186,828)           (62,422)            1,114,886
      2020                                                                                    –     1,448,758          (29,041)           (15,340)          1,404,377
      Other share awards
      UK SAYE                                                                           746,570       184,943         (65,490)           (127,613)            738,410
      US SAYE                                                                           622,765        161,659        (55,048)            (56,381)            672,995
      Overseas SAYE                                                                    1,889,663      576,689         (149,851)           (14,398)          2,302,103
      SOPP                                                                              103,200        88,400         (12,800)           (22,800)             156,000
      Weighted average exercise price (share options)                                    £58.43        £65.20          £65.77              £49.51              £60.97

      1.   Grant date and exercise price for each of the awards are shown in Table 1

      For options outstanding at the year end the weighted average remaining contractual life is 4.58 years (2020: 5.42 years). Options outstanding
      at 31 December 2021 that could have been exercised at that date were 1,946,341 (2020: 3,427,971) with a weighted average exercise price of
      £57.03 (2020: £53.38).

      The assumptions made in determining the share-based payments charge, in respect to the achievement of performance criteria, are based on
      the Directors’ expectations in light of the Group’s business model and relevant published targets.

      Under the terms of the schemes, early exercise may only be granted in exceptional circumstances and therefore the effect of early exercise is
      not incorporated into the calculation.

      No material modifications have occurred requiring revision to the share-based payment charges for the outstanding awards.

      An estimate of future volatility is made with reference to historical volatility over a similar time period to the performance period or the
      contractual life as appropriate. Historical volatility is calculated based on the annualised standard deviation of the Group’s daily share price
      movement, being an approximation to the continuously compounded rate of return on the share.

      National Insurance contributions are payable in respect of certain share-based payment transactions and are treated as cash-settled transactions.

      The weighted average share price for the year was £61.60 (2020: £68.19).




248
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                          Financial Statements




25 Share-Based Payments continued
Options and restricted shares granted during the year
Options and restricted shares granted during the year which may vest or become exercisable at various dates between 2022 and 2027 are
as follows:
                                                                                                                             Price to      Number of
                                                                                                                             be paid     shares under
                                                                                                                                    £          option
Executive share option and restricted share schemes
Reckitt Benckiser Long-term Incentive Plan – share options                                                                      64.67       3,075,575
Reckitt Benckiser Long-term Incentive Plan – restricted shares                                                                      –        1,738,153
Reckitt Benckiser Group Senior Executive Share Ownership Policy Plan                                                                –         92,800
Total                                                                                                                                      4,906,528
Savings-related share option schemes
UK Scheme                                                                                                                       44.56        383,424
US Scheme                                                                                                                       44.56         439,679
Overseas Scheme                                                                                                                 44.56        930,727
Total                                                                                                                                      1,753,830

Options and restricted shares outstanding at 31 December 2021
Options and restricted shares which have vested or may vest at various dates between 2022 and 2027 are as follows:
                                                                                           Price to be paid £          Number of shares under option
                                                                                              From              To              2021            2020
Executive share option and restricted share schemes
Reckitt Benckiser Long-term Incentive Plan – Annual Grant – options                          38.06        78.00            9,853,384        9,812,790
Reckitt Benckiser Long-term Incentive Plan – Annual Grant – restricted shares                     –              –         4,032,850        3,494,160
Reckitt Benckiser Senior Executives Share Ownership Policy Plan                                   –              –          200,800           156,000
Total                                                                                                                     14,087,034       13,462,950
Savings-related share option schemes
UK Scheme                                                                                    44.56        62.44              870,527          738,410
US Scheme                                                                                    44.56        62.44               951,133        672,995
Overseas Scheme                                                                              44.56        62.44            2,076,704        2,302,103
Total                                                                                                                     3,898,364         3,713,508

26 Other Reserves
                                                                                                                              Foreign
                                                                                                                             currency
                                                                                                       Hedging             translation    Total other
                                                                                                       Reserve                reserve       reserves
                                                                                                           £m                      £m             £m
Balance at 1 January 2020                                                                                        (2)              (78)            (80)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                          (17)                –             (17)
Net exchange losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax                                                  –               (207)           (207)
Losses on net investment hedges                                                                                  –                (75)            (75)
Total other comprehensive expense for the year                                                                  (17)             (282)           (299)
Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                                     (19)             (360)           (379)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                           30                  –              30
Net exchange losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax                                                  –               (374)           (374)
Gains on net investment hedges, net of tax                                                                       –                 84              84
Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserves on disposal or liquidation of foreign
operations, net of tax                                                                                           –               (550)           (550)
Total other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                         30              (840)            (810)
Balance at 31 December 2021                                                                                      11            (1,200)         (1,189)




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  249
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      26 Other Reserves continued
      The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of cash flow hedging instruments related to
      hedge transactions that are extant at year end.

      The foreign currency translation reserve contains the accumulated foreign exchange differences from the translation of the Financial
      Statements of the Group’s foreign operations arising when the Group’s entities are consolidated. The reserve also contains the translation of
      liabilities that hedge the Group’s net exposure in a foreign currency.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021 a net gain of £550 million was reclassified to the income statement from foreign currency
      reserves following the disposal or liquidation of foreign operations, of which a net gain of £766 million related to the liquidation of subsidiaries
      (see Note 6 for further details) offset by a loss of £216 million, made up of a £284 million arising from the disposal of certain businesses
      (see Note 29), less related tax credits of £68 million (see Note 7).

      27 Related Party Transactions
      The Group has symmetrical put and call options over the non-controlling shareholdings of RB & Manon Business Co. Ltd, RB & Manon Business
      Limited, RB (China Trading) Limited, RB (Hygiene Home) HK Limited, RB & Manon Hygiene Home (HK) Limited and RB & Manon Hygiene Home
      (Shanghai) Limited.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the options were measured at fair value and as a result £14 million was credited to the income
      statement during the year (see Note 6).

      On 31 December 2021, notice to exercise the put and call options was not provided. As a result of the option notice not being received, this
      option expired. As a result of the expiry of these options, the related liabilities of £135 million were de-recognised with their carrying value
      credited to equity.

      Other
      The Group has related party relationships with its Directors and key management personnel (Note 5). Other related party relationships are
      acknowledged in Note 11.

      28 Dividends
                                                                                                                                       2021         2020
                                                                                                                                        £m           £m
      Cash dividends on equity ordinary shares:
      2020 Final paid: 101.6p (2019: Final 101.6p) per share                                                                           725            721
      2021 Interim paid: 73p (2020: Interim 73p) per share                                                                              521          520
      Total dividends for the year                                                                                                    1,246         1,241

      The Directors are proposing a final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of 101.6p per share which will absorb
      an estimated £726 million of Shareholders’ funds. If approved by Shareholders it will be paid on 9 June 2022 to Shareholders who are on the
      register on 29 April 2022, with an ex-dividend date of 28 April 2022.

      29 Acquisitions, Disposals and Held for Sale
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group completed several acquisitions, accounted for as business combinations, and disposals.
      In each case, 100% of the businesses were acquired or disposed unless stated otherwise. The Group did not have business disposals or
      acquisitions during the year ended 31 December 2020.

      Acquisitions
      Acquisition of Biofreeze
      On 12 July 2021, the Group acquired 100% of the equity interests in Lanai Holdings, owner of the Biofreeze and TheraPearl brands, for cash
      consideration of $1,060 million (£766 million). Biofreeze is a leader in over-the-counter topical pain relief, with a strong footprint in the North
      America retail and clinical channels and a growing international presence. The acquisition of Biofreeze and TheraPearl has been accounted for
      as a business combination.

      Included within the identifiable assets acquired are brands of £596 million, comprising Biofreeze (£564 million) and TheraPearl (£32 million),
      customer relationships of £24 million and inventories of £26 million.

      Goodwill of £271 million has been recorded on the acquisition, of which £151 million is a consequence of the requirement to record deferred
      tax liabilities for certain acquired assets. Goodwill represents the future value which the Group believes it will obtain from innovation arising
      from combining the acquired business with the Group’s existing businesses, which has not been recognised as an intangible asset at the
      acquisition date. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes.

      The Biofreeze acquisitions contributed £55 million to Group net revenue and £9 million to Group operating profit since acquisition, with
      transaction costs of £12 million. If the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the year, Group net revenue would have been increased
      by circa £50 million and the impact on Group net income would have been immaterial.




250
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




29 Acquisitions, Disposals and Held for Sale continued
Other acquisitions
The Group also completed the following acquisitions during 2021 for cash consideration, all of which have been accounted for as
business combinations:

•   1 April 2021, the Maple Island USA dry processing plant, previously a co-packer for Enfagrow stage 3 and Metabolics, as an asset purchase.
•   4 May 2021, through a trade and asset purchase, a business distributing Reckitt products in the United Arab Emirates.
•   31 May 2021, a Chinese PU condom business through an acquisition of an 80% equity interest in Lanzhou Keshi Xixili Healthcare Technologies
    Co Ltd.

The results of other acquisitions have been included in the Group’s financial statements since the relevant acquisition dates. The effect of
these other acquisitions was immaterial to the Group.

The following table summarises the consideration paid and the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The amount of
consideration transferred in excess of the value of total identifiable net assets is recorded as goodwill.
                                                                                                              Biofreeze         Others         Total
                                                                                                                    £m             £m           £m
Brands and other intangible assets                                                                                   620            52          672
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          –            20           20
Inventories                                                                                                           26             –           26
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            (151)            –          (151)
Total identifiable net assets                                                                                       495            72           567
Goodwill                                                                                                             271           99           370
Total                                                                                                               766            171          937
Cash consideration                                                                                                   766           149          915
Deferred consideration                                                                                                 –            22           22
Total consideration                                                                                                 766            171          937

Disposals
The Group completed three disposals in 2021, for a total consideration, net of disposal costs, of £1,704 million, resulting in a total pre-tax loss on
disposal of £3,518 million reported within total net operating expenses. None of the disposals meets the definition of a discontinued operation
under IFRS as each disposal does not represent the disposal of either a separate major line of business or a geographical area of operations
for Reckitt. As such, the results of the disposed businesses are included in the continuing operations up to their date of disposal.

IFCN China
On 9 September 2021, the Group completed the sale of IFCN China to Primavera Capital Group for total cash consideration, net of disposal
costs, of £1,436 million. The consideration was principally represented by cash of £1,513 million and an 8% shareholding in the purchaser’s
acquisition entity. The disposal followed a comprehensive strategic review of IFCN China announced by the Group in February 2021. The
transaction was structured as a sale of the entirety of IFCN China (China, Hong Kong and Taiwan), including the manufacturing plants in
Nijmegen, the Netherlands and Guangzhou, China. The disposal included a royalty-free perpetual and exclusive license of the Mead Johnson
and Enfa family of brands in China. Reckitt continues to own the Mead Johnson and Enfa family of brands globally and operates these brands
in the rest of the world. On completion of the disposal, the Group recognized a pre-tax loss on disposal of £3,284 million included within total
net operating expenses. IFCN China formed part of the Nutrition segment.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  251
      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)


      29 Acquisitions, Disposals and Held for Sale continued
      Other disposals
      In 2021 the Group completed two other transactions:

      •   On 1 June 2021 the Group completed the sale of Scholl and certain other brands to Yellow Wood Partners, for cash consideration of
          £272 million. Scholl formed part of the Health operating segment.
      •   On 1 November 2021 the EnfaBebé brand was sold to the Roemmers Group. EnfaBebé formed part of the Nutrition operating segment.

      The following table sets out the effect of the disposals completed in the year ended 31 December 2021:
                                                                                                                 IFCN China       Others             Total
                                                                                                                        £m           £m               £m
      Cash consideration                                                                                               1,513         279         1,792
      Non-cash consideration:
      – Fair value of equity instrument                                                                                  33             –              33
      – Fair value of seller’s indemnities                                                                               (48)           –             (48)
      Disposal costs                                                                                                     (62)          (11)           (73)
      Total consideration, net of disposal costs                                                                      1,436          268         1,704
      Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                            4,276           4421        4,718
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      173            –             173
      Inventories                                                                                                       154            24             178
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         168             2             170
      Trade receivables and other assets                                                                                 97             8             105
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                             (408)           (7)           (415)
      Net Assets disposed                                                                                             4,460          469         4,929
      Non-controlling interest                                                                                            (9)           –               (9)
      Cumulative foreign exchange reclassified to the Income Statement                                                  (251)         (33)           (284)
      Loss on disposal, before tax                                                                                   (3,284)        (234)       (3,518)

      1   The £442 million comprises of £374 million relating to Scholl, and £68 million relating to EnfaBebé

      Assets held for sale
      On 24 December 2021, the Group entered into an agreement for the sale of the E45 brand and related sub-brands to Karo Pharma AB
      for £200 million and the sale completed on 1 April 2022. Associated intangible assets of £140 million (including £28 million of Goodwill) have
      accordingly been presented within assets held for sale at the balance sheet date. The E45 brand and related sub-brands form part of the
      Health operating segment.

      Assets held for sale at 31 December 2021 also includes the carrying value of certain property assets which are being actively marketed for sale.

      30 Discontinued Operations
      In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded income of £31 million (2020: £50 million income) in discontinued operations,
      in relation to an agreement with Indivior plc to settle indemnity claims related to the Group’s previous settlement with the Department
      of Justice (DoJ), and related matters. The income in 2020 relates to the partial release of a provision relating to the 2019 settlement with
      the DoJ in relation to Indivior plc matters, following a review of outstanding items relating to the DoJ settlement.

      31 Post Balance Sheet Events
      On 13 April 2022, it was announced that Reckitt has begun a process aimed at transferring ownership of its Russian business, which may
      include a transfer to a third party or to local employees. The net assets of the Russian business as at 13 April 2022 were c.£130 million and on
      disposal foreign exchange losses of c.£140 million would be recycled to the income statement. Any loss on disposal would be primarily non
      cash and the Russian business contributed 2% to the Group’s revenue in 2021.




252
Strategic Report                                              Governance                            Financial Statements




FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
The five-year summary below is presented on an IFRS basis. The years ending 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019,
31 December 2020, and 31 December 2021 show the results for continuing operations and exclude the impact of RB Food and
RB Pharmaceuticals.

The balance sheet has not been restated for the impact of discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                      Restated1      Restated2
                                                                                       2021      2020        2019         2018           2017
Income Statement                                                                        £m        £m          £m           £m             £m
Net Revenue                                                                           13,234    13,993     12,846          12,597      11,449
Operating (loss)/profit                                                                (804)     2,160      (1,954)         3,058       2,737
Net finance income/(expense)                                                            547      (286)        (153)          (338)       (238)
Share of loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax                                   (3)       (1)          –              –           –
(Loss)/profit before income tax                                                        (260)     1,873      (2,107)         2,720       2,499
Income tax credit/(charge)                                                              208      (720)       (665)           (536)       894
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                (11)      (16)        (13)           (20)        (17)
Net (loss)/income attributable to owners of the parent company from
continuing operations                                                                    (63)    1,137      (2,785)         2,164       3,376
Balance Sheet
Net assets                                                                            7,453      9,159       9,407         14,771      13,557
Key Statistics – Reported basis
Operating margin                                                                       (6.1%)   15.4%      (15.2%)         24.3%       23.9%
Diluted earnings per share, continuing                                                 (8.8p)   159.3p    (393.0p)         305.2p      474.7p
Declared total dividends per ordinary share                                           174.6p    174.6p     174.6p          170.7p      164.3p

1.   Restated for the adoption of IFRS 16. The 2017 balances have not been restated

2.   Restated for the adoption of IFRS 15




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          253
      PARENT COMPANY
      BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                                                               2021         2020
      As at 31 December                                                                                           Note          £m           £m
      Fixed assets
      Investments                                                                                                    2       15,001        14,975
      Current assets
      Debtors due within one year                                                                                    3           45           56
      Debtors due after more than one year                                                                           4           25            3
                                                                                                                                 70           59
      Current liabilities
      Creditors due within one year                                                                                  5      (10,898)       (9,652)
      Net current liabilities                                                                                               (10,828)       (9,593)
      Total assets less current liabilities                                                                                   4,173        5,382
      Creditors due after more than one year                                                                         5          (42)         (30)
      Provisions for liabilities and charges                                                                         6           (41)         (43)
      Net assets                                                                                                              4,090        5,309
      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                                                  7           74           74
      Share premium                                                                                                             253          252
      Retained earnings                                                                                                       3,763        4,983
      Total equity                                                                                                            4,090        5,309

      The Financial Statements on pages 254 to 267 were approved by the Board of Directors on 13 April 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

      Christopher Sinclair                     Laxman Narasimhan
      Director                                 Director
      Reckitt Benckiser Group plc              Reckitt Benckiser Group plc

      Company Number: 06270876




254
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                           Financial Statements




PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                     Share        Share      Retained         Total
                                                                                                    capital    premium       earnings        equity
                                                                                                       £m           £m             £m          £m
Balance at 1 January 2020                                                                               74          245          6,168        6,487
Comprehensive income
Loss for the financial year                                                                               –            –           (79)          (79)
Total comprehensive loss                                                                                  –            –           (79)          (79)
Transactions with owners
Treasury shares reissued                                                                                  –            7           124           131
Share-based payments                                                                                      –            –             3             3
Capital contribution in respect of share-based payments                                                   –            –            12            12
Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership trust                                             –            –             (4)           (4)
Cash dividends                                                                                            –            –         (1,241)       (1,241)
Total transactions with owners                                                                            –            7        (1,106)      (1,099)
Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                             74           252        4,983         5,309
Comprehensive income
Loss for the financial year                                                                               –            –           (78)          (78)
Total comprehensive loss                                                                                  –            –           (78)          (78)
Transactions with owners
Treasury shares reissued                                                                                  –             1           79            80
Share-based payments                                                                                      –            –             4             4
Capital contribution in respect of share-based payments                                                   –            –            26            26
Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership trust                                             –            –            (5)           (5)
Cash dividends                                                                                            –            –        (1,246)       (1,246)
Total transactions with owners                                                                            –             1       (1,142)       (1,141)
Balance at 31 December 2021                                                                             74           253        3,763         4,090

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc has £3,102 million (2020: £4,347 million) of its retained earnings available for distribution. Details of Treasury shares
and other equity transactions are included in Note 24 of the Group Financial Statements.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  255
      NOTES TO THE PARENT COMPANY
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      1 Parent Company Accounting Policies                                   Financial Reporting Standard 102 – Reduced disclosure
      The principal accounting policies are summarised below. They have      exemptions
      all been applied consistently throughout the year and the              FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemptions,
      preceding year.                                                        subject to certain conditions, which have been complied with.

      General information and basis of accounting                            The Company has taken advantage of the following exemptions:
      Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a company incorporated in the
                                                                             (i) from preparing a Statement of Cash Flows, on the basis that it
      United Kingdom, registered in England and Wales under the
                                                                                 is a qualifying entity and the Group Cash Flow Statement,
      Companies Act 2006, and is a public limited company. The address
                                                                                 included in these Financial Statements, includes the Company’s
      of the registered office is given on page 269. The nature of the
                                                                                 cash flows;
      Group’s operations and its principal activities are set out in the
      Strategic Report on pages 2 to 103.                                    (ii) from disclosing the Company key management personnel
                                                                                  compensation, as required by FRS 102 paragraph 33.7.
      Statement of compliance
      The Financial Statements have been prepared under the historical       The Company’s results are included in the publicly available
      cost convention and in compliance with United Kingdom                  consolidated Financial Statements of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
      Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102,      and these Financial Statements may be obtained from 103-105 Bath
      The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom      Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3UH or at www.reckitt.com.
      and the Republic of Ireland (‘FRS 102’) and the Companies Act 2006.
                                                                             Foreign currency translation
      The functional currency of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is considered   Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated
      to be Pounds Sterling because that is the currency of the primary      using exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
      economic environment in which the Company operates.                    Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
                                                                             of foreign currency transactions and from the translation at
      As permitted by s408 of the Companies Act 2006, a Statement
                                                                             year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
      of Comprehensive Income is not presented for Reckitt Benckiser
                                                                             denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the Statement
      Group plc.
                                                                             of Comprehensive Income.
      Going concern
                                                                             Taxation
      The Directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going
                                                                             The tax charge/credit is based on the result for the year and takes
      concern basis of accounting in preparing the Company Financial
                                                                             into account taxation deferred due to timing differences between
      Statements.
                                                                             the treatment of certain items for taxation and accounting
      Having assessed the principal risks and other matters discussed        purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are provided for in full and
      in connection with the Group’s Viability Statement as set out on       deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that they are
      page 103 of the Group Annual Report, the Directors considered it       considered recoverable.
      appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
                                                                             A net deferred tax asset is considered recoverable if it can be
      preparing the Company Financial Statements. When reaching this
                                                                             regarded as more likely than not that there will be suitable taxable
      conclusion, the Directors took into account the Company’s overall
                                                                             profits against which to recover carried forward tax losses and
      financial position and exposure to principal risks.
                                                                             from which the future reversal of underlying timing differences can
                                                                             be deducted.

                                                                             Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that
                                                                             have originated but not reversed at the Balance Sheet date, where
                                                                             transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in
                                                                             the future or a right to pay less tax in the future have occurred at
                                                                             the Balance Sheet date.

                                                                             Deferred tax is measured at the average tax rates that are
                                                                             expected to apply in the periods in which the timing differences
                                                                             are expected to reverse, based on tax rates and laws that have
                                                                             been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date.
                                                                             Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis.




256
Strategic Report                                    Governance                                     Financial Statements




1 Parent Company Accounting Policies continued                          (ii) Financial Liabilities
Fixed asset investments                                                 Basic financial liabilities, including loans from fellow Group
Fixed asset investments are stated at the lower of cost or their        companies, are initially recognised at transaction price, unless the
recoverable amount, which is determined as the higher of net            arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where the debt
realisable value and value in use. A review of the potential            instrument is measured at the present value of future payments.
impairment of an investment is carried out by the Directors if          Debt instruments are subsequently carried at amortised cost.
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                                        Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is
value of the investment may not be recoverable. Such impairment
                                                                        extinguished, that is when the contractual obligation is discharged,
reviews are performed in accordance with FRS 102 Section 27
                                                                        cancelled or expires.
‘Impairment of assets’.
                                                                        Provisions
Employee share schemes
                                                                        Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present legal
Incentives in the form of shares are provided to employees
                                                                        or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is more likely
under share option and restricted share schemes which vest
                                                                        than not that there will be an outflow of resources to settle that
in accordance with non-market conditions.
                                                                        obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions
The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled       are valued at the present value of the Directors’ best estimate
share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over          of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity             Balance Sheet date. Where it is possible that a settlement may
instruments that will eventually vest. At each Balance Sheet date,      be reached or it is not possible to make a reliable estimate of the
the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments      estimated financial impact, appropriate disclosure is made but
expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original            no provision recognised.
estimates, if any, is recognised in comprehensive income or
                                                                        Where a company enters into a financial guarantee contract to
expense such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
                                                                        guarantee the indebtedness of other companies within its Group,
estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity reserves.
                                                                        the Company treats the guarantee contract as a contingent liability
Additional employer costs in respect of options and awards              until such a time as it becomes probable that the Company will be
are charged, including social security taxes, to the Statement          required to make a payment under the guarantee.
of Comprehensive Income over the same period, with
                                                                        Share capital transactions
a corresponding liability recognised.
                                                                        When the Company purchases equity share capital, the amount
The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to      of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs, is
the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is treated        recognised as a charge to equity. Purchased shares are either held
as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services          in Treasury in order to satisfy employee options, or cancelled and,
received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is        in order to maintain capital, an equivalent amount to the nominal
recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment         value of the shares cancelled is transferred from retained earnings.
in subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity
                                                                        Repurchase and reissuance of ordinary shares
in the Company Financial Statements.
                                                                        When shares recognised as equity are repurchased, the amount
Financial instruments                                                   of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs,
The Company only enters into basic financial instrument                 is recognised as a charge to equity. Repurchased shares are
transactions that result in the recognition of basic financial assets   classified as Treasury shares and are presented in retained
and liabilities, including trade and other debtors and creditors and    earnings. When Treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently,
loans to and from related parties. These transactions are initially     the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity and
recorded at transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes       the resulting surplus is presented within share premium.
a financing transaction where the transaction is measured at the
                                                                        Dividends
present value of the future receipt discounted at a market rate of
                                                                        Dividends payable are recognised when they meet the criteria
interest, and subsequently recognised at amortised cost.
                                                                        for a present obligation (i.e. when they have been approved).
(i) Financial Assets
                                                                        Accounting estimates and judgements
At the end of each reporting period financial assets measured at
                                                                        In preparing these Financial Statements, management has made
amortised cost are assessed for objective evidence of impairment.
                                                                        judgements and estimates that affect the application of the
If an asset is impaired the impairment loss is the difference
                                                                        Company’s accounting policies and the reported amounts of
between the carrying amount and the present value of the
                                                                        assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual amounts and results
estimated cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective
                                                                        may differ from these estimates.
interest rate. The impairment loss is recognised in comprehensive
income or expense.                                                      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
                                                                        ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
Financial assets are derecognised when (a) the contractual rights
                                                                        in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects
to the cash flows from the asset expire or are settled, or (b)
                                                                        only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods
substantially all the risks and rewards of the ownership of the asset
                                                                        if the revision affects both current and future periods.
are transferred to another party, or (c) control of the asset has
been transferred to another party who has the practical ability
to unilaterally sell the asset to an unrelated third party without
imposing additional restrictions.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            257
      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements (Continued)


      1 Parent Company Accounting Policies continued                             The Directors believe that the carrying value of the investments is
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty                                      supported by their underlying net assets.
      Each year, management is required to make a number of
                                                                                 The subsidiary undertakings as at 31 December 2021, all of which
      assumptions regarding the future. The related year-end accounting
                                                                                 are included in the Group Financial Statements, are shown in
      estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the final actual results.
                                                                                 Note 11 of the Company Financial Statements.
      The Company’s Directors are of the opinion that there are no
      estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a        With the exception of Reckitt Benckiser Limited, none of the
      material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities       subsidiaries are directly held by Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. All
      within the next financial year.                                            subsidiaries have a financial year ending 31 December with the
                                                                                 exception of Reckitt Benckiser (India) Private Limited, Reckitt
      Other estimates
                                                                                 Benckiser Healthcare India Private Limited, Reckitt Benckiser Scholl
      Set out below are other estimates where there is a risk of
                                                                                 India Private Limited, Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Private Limited,
      adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
                                                                                 RB Hygiene Home India Private Limited, Reckitt Piramal Private
      within the next financial year, but the risk of a material adjustment
                                                                                 Limited, and Reckitt & Colman Management Services (Ireland)
      is not significant.
                                                                                 Limited (in liquidation) which have a year ending 31 March; Lloyds
      Legal provisions:                                                          Pharmaceuticals which has a year ending 24 August; Reigate
      The Company recognises legal provisions in line with the                   Square Holdings Sàrl which has a year ending 31 August; Crookes
      Company’s provisions policy. The level of provisioning in relation to      Healthcare Limited which has a year ending 31 January and Reckitt
      civil and/or criminal investigations is an area where management           Benckiser Healthcare (Ireland) Limited which has a year ending
      and legal judgement is important, with individual provisions being         30 November.
      based on best estimates of the probable loss, considering all
                                                                                 Additions during the year, and in 2020, relate to the grant by the
      available information, external advice and historical experience.
                                                                                 Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees
      As at 31 December 2021, the Company recognised legal provisions
                                                                                 of subsidiary undertakings in the Group.
      of £41 million (2020: £43 million) in relation to a number of historical
      regulatory matters. Refer to Note 6 of the Company Financial               3 Debtors Due Within One Year
      Statements for further information.                                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
      Tax:
                                                                                 Amounts owed by Group undertakings                  36           54
      Creditors due after more than one year include management
      judgements and estimates of the amount of tax payable on uncertain         Other debtors                                        9             2
      tax positions. The exposure recognised is calculated based on the                                                             45            56
      expected value method and the most likely amount method. The
      accounting estimates and judgements considered include:                    Amounts owed by Group undertakings are unsecured, interest free
                                                                                 and are repayable on demand (2020: same).
      •   Status of the unresolved matter;
      •   Clarity of relevant legislation and related guidance;                  4 Debtors Due After More Than One Year
                                                                                                                                  2021           2020
      •   Advice from related party specialists and unrelated third parties;                                                       £m             £m
      •   Range of possible outcomes; and                                        Deferred tax assets                                  1             3
      •   Statute of limitations.                                                Other receivables                                  24              –
      The Company’s Directors are of the opinion that there are no other                                                             25             3
      judgements and no further key sources of estimation uncertainty in
      applying the Company’s accounting policies.                                Deferred tax assets consist of short-term timing differences.

      2 Investments                                                              5 Creditors
                                                                  Shares in      Creditors due within one year:
                                                                 subsidiary                                                       2021           2020
                                                              undertakings                                                         £m             £m
                                                                        £m       Amounts owed to Group undertakings             10,896         9,647
      Cost                                                                       Taxation and social security                         1             4
      At 1 January 2020                                               14,963     Other creditors                                      1             1
      Additions during the year                                           12                                                    10,898         9,652
      At 31 December 2020                                            14,975
      Additions during the year                                           26     Included in the amounts owed to Group undertakings is an amount
                                                                                 of £10,889 million (2020: £9,548 million) which is unsecured, carries
      At 31 December 2021                                             15,001
                                                                                 interest at the 3M LIBOR equivalent fallback rate and is repayable
      Provision for impairment                                                   on demand (2020: 3M LIBOR). All other amounts owed to Group
      At 1 January 2020                                                    –     undertakings are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are
                                                                                 repayable on demand (2020: same).
      At 31 December 2021                                                  –
      Net book amounts
      At 31 December 2020                                             14,975
      At 31 December 2021                                             15,001




258
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                       Financial Statements




5 Creditors continued                                                      9 Contingent Liabilities
Creditors due after more than one year:                                    The Company has issued a guarantee to the trustees of the Reckitt
                                                  2021             2020    Benckiser Pension Fund covering the obligations of certain UK
                                                   £m               £m     subsidiaries of the Group who are the sponsoring employers of
Non-current tax liabilities                         38              30     the UK defined benefit pension fund. The guarantee covers any
Other creditors                                       4               –    amounts due to the pension fund from these subsidiaries if they
                                                                           fail to meet their pension obligations.
                                                    42              30
                                                                           The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser
6 Provisions for Liabilities and Charges                                   Treasury Services plc in relation to the issuance of a $8,250 million
                                                 Legal          Total      bond (2020: $8,250 million) (two tranches of $2,500 million, one
                                             provisions    provisions      tranche of $2,000 million, one tranche of $750 million and one
                                                    £m            £m       tranche of $500 million) and in relation to the issuance of a £500
At 1 January 2020                                    99             99     million bond (2020: £500 million). Details are included in Note 15
Charged to the Statement of                                                of the Group Financial Statements.
Comprehensive Income                                  4               4    The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser
Utilised during the year                             (4)             (4)   Treasury Services plc in relation to committed borrowing facilities
                                                                           totalling £4,500 million (2020: £5,500 million). Details of the facilities
Released to the Statement of
                                                                           are included in Note 15 of the Group Financial Statements.
Comprehensive Income                                (56)            (56)
At 31 December 2020                                  43              43    The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Mead Johnson
                                                                           Nutrition Company in relation to outstanding senior notes of $1,550
Charged to the Statement of
                                                                           million (2020: $1,550 million) issued by Mead Johnson Nutrition
Comprehensive Income                                  6               6
                                                                           Company prior to acquisition. The senior notes consist of one
Utilised during the year                             (8)             (8)   tranche of $750 million, one tranche of $500 million and one
At 31 December 2021                                  41              41    tranche of $300 million.

                                                                           The Company has also issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt
Provisions have been analysed between current and non-current
                                                                           Benckiser Treasury Services (Nederland) BV in relation to the
as follows:
                                                                           issuance of two €850 million bonds (2020: two €850 million
                                                  2021             2020
                                                                           bonds). Details are included in Note 15 of the Group
                                                   £m               £m
                                                                           Financial Statements.
Current                                             39               43
                                                                           Other contingent liabilities are disclosed in Note 20 of the Group
Non-current                                           2               –    Financial Statements.
                                                     41              43
                                                                           10 Post Balance Sheet Events
                                                                           There are no events subsequent to the balance sheet date that
Provisions relate to legal provisions in relation to a number of
                                                                           require disclosure.
historical matters. Refer to Note 18 of the Group Financial
Statements.                                                                11 Subsidiary Undertakings
                                                                           In accordance with section 409 of the Companies Act 2006 and
7 Share Capital
                                                 Equity      Nominal       Schedule 4 of The Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
                                               ordinary        value       (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, a full list of related
Issued and fully paid                            shares          £m        undertakings as at 31 December 2021, including their registered
                                                                           office address, country of incorporation and the percentage of
At 1 January 2021                          736,535,179               74
                                                                           share ownership, is disclosed below. All undertakings are indirectly
At 31 December 2021                       736,535,179               74     owned by Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, unless otherwise stated.

The holders of ordinary shares (par value 10 pence) are entitled to        From time to time, management reviews the Group structure
receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled           and seeks to remove redundant, dormant or non-trading entities.
to one vote per share at meetings of the Parent Company.                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, 14 legal entities and
                                                                           a partnership were placed into liquidation as part of the review
The allotment of ordinary shares and release of Treasury shares are
                                                                           (2020: nine legal entities). The removal of legal entities ultimately
disclosed in Note 24 of the Group Financial Statements.
                                                                           allows management to focus on the core business, reduces
8 Related Party Transactions                                               compliance obligations and cost, and improves transparency
There were no transactions with related parties other than wholly          of the Group to external parties.
owned companies within the Group.
                                                                           All subsidiary undertakings of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc are
                                                                           included in the consolidated Financial Statements of the Group.




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 259
      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements (Continued)


      11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued

                                                                       Registered                                                                    Registered
                                                                       office and                                                                    office and
      Name                                                   Holding   share class   Name                                                 Holding    share class

      103-105 Bath Road Limited                              100.00%   9, 23         Linden Germany A Limited                             100.00%    9, 23

      2309 Realty Corporation                                59.00%    2, 143        Linden Germany B Limited                             100.00%    9, 23

      Access VC Limited                                      100.00%   9, 23         Lloyds Pharmaceuticals                               100.00%    9, 23

      Airwick Industrie SAS                                  100.00%   9, 81         London International Group Limited                   100.00%    9, 23

      Anhui Guilong Pharmaceutical Trading                                           London International Trading Asia Limited            100.00%    9, 88
      Company Limited                                        100.00%   1, 45
                                                                                     LRC North America Inc.                               100.00%    5, 73
      Apenas Boa Nutrição Indústria de Alimentos Ltda.       100.00%   9, 29
                                                                                     LRC Products Limited                                 100.00%    9, 23
      Beleggingsmaatschappij Lemore B.V.                     100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                     LRC Secretarial Services Limited                     100.00%    9, 23
      Benckiser                                              100.00%   9, 176
                                                                                     Maddison Square Holding B.V.                         100.00%    9, 130
      Biofreeze IP Holdings, LLC                             100.00%   8, 132
                                                                                     Manufactura MJN, S. de R.L. de C.V.                  100.00%    9, 125
      Blisa, LLC                                             100.00%   8, 73
                                                                                     Mead Johnson & Company LLC                           100.00%    8, 73
      Brand Acquisition Limited                              100.00%   9, 110
                                                                                     Mead Johnson do Brasil Comércio e Importação de
      Canterbury Square Holdings S.à.r.l.                    100.00%   9, 120        Produtos de Nutrição Ltda.                           100.00%    9, 33

      Central Square Holding B.V.                            100.00%   9, 130        Mead Johnson do Brasil Comércio e Importação de
                                                                                     Produtos de Nutrição Ltda. – Itajaí Branch†          100.00%    1, 31
      Crookes Healthcare Limited*                            100.00%   9, 104
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutricionales de México,
      Crookes Healthcare Limited                             100.00%   9, 23         S. de R.L. de C.V.                                   100.00%    9, 126

      Cupal, Limited                                         100.00%   11, 23        Mead Johnson Nutrition (Asia Pacific) Pte. Ltd.      100.00%    9, 156

      Dakin Brothers Limited                                 100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Australia) Pty Ltd           100.00%    9, 20

      Dorincourt Holdings (Ireland) Limited                  100.00%   9, 104        Mead Johnson Nutrition (Canada) Co.                  100.00%    4, 40

      Durex Limited                                          100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Dominicana), S.A.            100.00%    4, 73

      eRB Trading Limited                                    100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Dominicana), S.A.†           100.00%    1, 190

      ERH Propack Limited*                                   100.00%   9, 96         Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Private Limited       100.00%    9, 94

      Eros NewCo Limited                                     100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd            100.00%    9, 122

      Exponential Health LLC                                 100.00%   9, 73         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Panama), S. de R.L.          100.00%    9, 140

      Fenla Indústria, Comércio e Administração Ltda         100.00%   9, 32         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Philippines), Inc.           99.99%     9, 143

      FF Homecare & Hygiene Limited                          64.29%    11, 186       Mead Johnson Nutrition (Poland) Sp. z o.o            100.00%    14, 145

      Gainbridge Investments (Cyprus) Limited                100.00%   9, 70         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Puerto Rico) Inc.            100.00%    9, 73

      Glasgow Square Limited                                 100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Puerto Rico) Inc.†           100.00%    1, 150

      Green, Young & Company Limited                         100.00%   9, 23         Mead Johnson Nutrition (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.         100.00%    9, 156

      Grosvenor Square Holding B.V.                          100.00%   9, 130        Mead Johnson Nutrition (Thailand) Ltd.               100.00%    4, 169

      Guilong Health Technology (Anhui) Co., Limited         100.00%   1, 45         Mead Johnson Nutrition (UK) Ltd*                     100.00%    9, 177

      Guilong Pharmaceutical (Anhui) Co. Ltd –                                       Mead Johnson Nutrition (Venezuela) LLC               100.00%    8, 73
      Xiamen branch†                                         100.00%   1, 47
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition (Vietnam) Company Limited     100.00%    1, 189
      Guilong Pharmaceutical (Anhui) Company Limited         100.00%   1, 46
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Colombia Ltda                 100.00%    9, 65
      Hamol Limited                                          100.00%   9, 23
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Company                       100.00%    9, 73
      Hamol NL B.V.                                          100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 100.00%   9, 156
      Helpcentral Limited                                    100.00%   9, 23
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Nominees LLC                  100.00%    8, 73
      Howard Lloyd & Company, Limited                        100.00%   9, 23
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Trading Poland Sp. z o.o      100.00%    14, 145
      Kukident GmbH                                          100.00%   4, 83
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Nutrition Venezuela, S.C.A.             100.00%    7, 187
      Lanai Holdings 1.5, Inc.                               100.00%   9, 73
                                                                                     Mead Johnson One C.V.^                               100.00%    8, 192
      Lanzhou Keshi Xixili Healthcare Technologies Co. Ltd   80.00%    13, 199
                                                                                     Mead Johnson Two C.V.^                               100.00%    8, 192
      LI Pensions Trust Limited                              100.00%   9, 23




260
Strategic Report                                         Governance                                         Financial Statements




11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued

                                                              Registered                                                                 Registered
                                                              office and                                                                 office and
Name                                               Holding    share class   Name                                               Holding   share class

Medcom Marketing And Prodazha Ukraine LLC          100.00%    1, 89         RB (Hygiene Home) New Zealand Limited              100.00%   9, 134

MJ UK Holdings Limited                             100.00%    9, 23         RB (Hygiene Home) Poland Sp. z o.o                 100.00%   9, 146

MJ USA Holdings LLC                                100.00%    8, 73         RB (Hygiene Home) Romania S.R.L.                   100.00%   14, 151

MJN Asia Pacific Holdings LLC                      100.00%    8, 73         RB (Hygiene Home) Slovakia spol. s.r.o             100.00%   9, 158

MJN Global Holdings B.V.                           100.00%    9, 130        RB (Suzhou) Co. Ltd                                100.00%   1, 64

MJN Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.                    100.00%    9, 130        RB Asia Holding Limited                            100.00%   9, 23

MJN Innovation Services B.V.                       100.00%    9, 130        RB Health (Canada) Inc.                            100.00%   4, 41

MJN International Holdings (UK), Ltd.              100.00%    9, 23         RB Health (US) LLC                                 100.00%   8, 185

MJN U.S. Holdings LLC                              100.00%    8, 73         RB Health Ecuador Cía. Ltda                        100.00%   9, 74

New Bridge Holdings B.V.                           100.00%    9, 130        RB Health Manufacturing (US) LLC                   100.00%   8, 185

Norwich Square Holding S.L.U.                      100.00%    9, 161        RB Health México, S.A de C.V.                      100.00%   2, 126

Nurofen Limited                                    100.00%    9, 23         RB Health Nordic A/S                               100.00%   9, 72

Optrex Limited                                     100.00%    9, 23         RB Health Nordic A/S sivuliike Suomessa†           100.00%   1, 79

Oriental Medicine Company Limited                  100.00%    9, 88         RB Health Nordic A/S, filial†                      100.00%   1, 165

Oxy Reckitt Benckiser LLC                          100.00%    1, 160        RB Health Nordic, NUF†                             100.00%   1, 137

Performance Health, LLC                            100.00%    8, 73         RB Health Peru S.R.L.                              100.00%   9, 141

Pharmalab Limited                                  100.00%    9, 23         RB Health Services, S.A de C.V.                    100.00%   9, 126

Propack Produkte für Haushalt und                                           RB Holding Europe Du Sud SAS                       100.00%   9, 81
Körperpflege GmbH                                  100.00%    9, 84
                                                                            RB Holdings (Luxembourg) S.à.r.l.                  100.00%   12, 120
PT Mead Johnson Indonesia                          90.10%     9, 99
                                                                            RB Holdings (Nottingham) Limited                   100.00%   9, 23
PT Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Indonesia        100.00%    9, 100
                                                                            RB Holdings Luxembourg (2018) S.à.r.l.             100.00%   9, 120
PT Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Trading Indonesia 100.00%   9, 100
                                                                            RB Hygiene Home (Thailand) Limited                 100.00%   9, 170
Pt Reckitt Benckiser Indonesia                     100.00%    9, 101
                                                                            RB Hygiene Home Arabia FZE                         100.00%   9, 179
PT Reckitt Benckiser Trading Indonesia             100.00%    9, 102
                                                                            RB Hygiene Home Austria GmbH                       100.00%   9, 22
Qingdao London Durex Co., Limited                  100.00%    9, 48
                                                                            RB Hygiene Home Belgium SA/NV                      100.00%   9, 27
Qingdao New Bridge Corporate Management
Consulting Company Limited                         100.00%    9, 48         RB Hygiene Home Deutschland GmbH                   100.00%   1, 85

R & C Nominees Limited                             100.00%    9, 23         RB Hygiene Home France SAS                         100.00%   9, 81

R & C Nominees One Limited                         100.00%    9, 23         RB Hygiene Home India Private Limited              100.00%   9, 95

R & C Nominees Two Limited                         100.00%    9, 23         RB Hygiene Home Netherlands B.V.                   100.00%   9, 130

RB & Manon Business Co., Limited                   75.00%     1, 49         RB Hygiene Home Nordic A/S                         100.00%   9, 72

RB & Manon Business Limited                        75.00%     9, 90         RB Hygiene Home Nordic A/S, filial†                100.00%   1, 165

RB & Manon Hygiene Home (Shanghai) Limited*        100.00%    9, 50         RB Hygiene Home Nordic A/S, sivuliike Suomessa†    100.00%   1, 80

RB & Manon Hygiene Home Limited                    80.00%     9, 90         RB Hygiene Home Nordic NUF†                        100.00%   1, 137

RB (China Trading) Limited                         80.00%     2, 9, 23      RB Hygiene Home Pakistan Limited                   98.67%    9, 139

RB (China) Holding Co. Limited                     100.00%    1, 51         RB Hygiene Home Switzerland AG                     100.00%   9, 167

RB (Health) Colombia S.A.S                         100.00%    9, 66         RB Investment Co Limited                           0.05%     9, 182

RB (Health) Malaysia Sdn Bhd                       100.00%    9, 123        RB Ireland Hygiene Home Commercial Limited         100.00%   9, 105

RB (Hygiene Home) Australia Pty Limited            100.00%    9, 21         RB LATAM Holding B.V.                              100.00%   9, 130

RB (Hygiene Home) Czech Republic, spol s.r.o       100.00%    9, 71         RB Luxembourg (2016) Limited                       100.00%   9, 23

RB (Hygiene Home) HK Limited                       90.10%     2, 15, 38     RB Luxembourg (TFFC) S.à.rl.                       100.00%   9, 120

RB (Hygiene Home) Hungary Kft                      100.00%    9, 92         RB Luxembourg Holdings (TFFC) Limited              100.00%   9, 23




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                261
      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements (Continued)


      11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued

                                                                      Registered                                                                  Registered
                                                                      office and                                                                  office and
      Name                                                  Holding   share class   Name                                                Holding   share class

      RB Luxembourg Holdings (TFFC) Limited†                100.00%   1, 120        Reckitt Benckiser (BVI) No. 2 Limited*              100.00%   9, 37

      RB Manufacturing LLC                                  100.00%   8, 73         Reckitt Benckiser (BVI) No. 3 Limited*              100.00%   9, 37

      RB Mexico Investments Limited                         100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Canada) Inc.                     100.00%   4, 42

      RB NL Brands B.V.                                     100.00%   9, 130        Reckitt Benckiser (Cayman Islands) Limited          100.00%   9, 43

      RB Reigate (2019) Ltd                                 100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Centroamérica) S.A.              100.00%   9, 67

      RB Reigate (Ireland) Unlimited Company*               100.00%   2, 104        Reckitt Benckiser (Channel Islands) Limited*        100.00%   9, 87

      RB Reigate (UK) Limited                               100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Czech Republic), spol. s r.o.    100.00%   14, 71

      RB Salute Mexico S.A de C.V.                          100.00%   9, 127        Reckitt Benckiser (ENA) B.V.                        100.00%   9, 133

      RB Square Holdings Spain S.L.                         100.00%   2, 161        Reckitt Benckiser (Granollers) SL                   100.00%   9, 161

      RB UK Commercial Limited                              100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Grosvenor) Holdings Limited      100.00%   9, 23

      RB UK Hygiene Home Commercial Limited                 100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Health) Holdings Limited         100.00%   9, 23

      RB USA (2019) Ltd                                     100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Hygiene Home) Holdings Limited   100.00%   9, 23

      RB USA Holdings LLC                                   100.00%   8, 73         Reckitt Benckiser (India) Private Limited           100.00%   9, 95

      RB Winchester (Ireland) Unlimited Company*            100.00%   9, 104        Reckitt Benckiser (Lanka) Limited                   99.99%    9, 164

      RBHCR Health Reckitt Costa Rica Sociedad Anónima      100.00%   4, 67         Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA                      100.00%   9, 118

      Reckitt & Colman (Jersey) Limited                     100.00%   9, 111        Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA Eesti filial†        100.00%   1, 78

      Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Health Limited            100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA LT filialas†         100.00%   1, 119

      Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Hygiene Home Limited      100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                100.00%   9, 124

      Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Limited                   100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Near East) Limited               100.00%   9, 106

      Reckitt & Colman (UK) Limited                         100.00%   11, 23        Reckitt Benckiser (New Zealand) Limited             100.00%   9, 135

      Reckitt & Colman Capital Finance Limited              100.00%   12, 111       Reckitt Benckiser (Pars) PJSC                       100.00%   9, 103

      Reckitt & Colman (Guangzhou) Limited                  100.00%   9, 52         Reckitt Benckiser (Poland) S.A.                     100.00%   9, 147

      Reckitt & Colman Holdings Limited                     100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Portugal) S.A.                   100.00%   9, 148

      Reckitt & Colman Management Services (Ireland)                                Reckitt Benckiser (Romania) S.R.L.                  100.00%   13, 151
      Limited*                                              100.00%   9, 104
                                                                                    Reckitt Benckiser (RUMEA) Limited                   100.00%   9, 23
      Reckitt & Colman Pension Trustee Limited              100.00%   9, 23
                                                                                    Reckitt Benckiser (RUMEA) Limited – Dubai Branch†   100.00%   1, 180
      Reckitt & Colman Sagrotan
      Verwaltungsgesellschaft GmbH                          100.00%   4, 85         Reckitt Benckiser (Singapore) Pte. Limited          100.00%   9, 157

      Reckitt & Sons Limited                                100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Slovak Republic), spol. s r.o.   100.00%   13, 158

      Reckitt Benckiser (Australia) Pty Limited             100.00%   11, 21        Reckitt Benckiser (South America) Holding B.V.      100.00%   9, 130

      Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) PLC                    82.96%    9, 25         Reckitt Benckiser (Spain) B.V.                      100.00%   9, 130

      Reckitt Benckiser (Belgium) SA/NV                     100.00%   9, 27         Reckitt Benckiser (Switzerland) AG                  100.00%   9, 167

      Reckitt Benckiser (Brands) Limited                    100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser (Thailand) Limited                45.00%    9, 171

      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de                           Reckitt Benckiser (UK) Limited                      100.00%   9, 23
      Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda.                   100.00%   9, 34
                                                                                    Reckitt Benckiser (USA) Limited                     100.00%   9, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de
      Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda.†                  100.00%   1, 194        Reckitt Benckiser AG                                100.00%   9, 167

      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de                           Reckitt Benckiser Arabia FZE                        100.00%   9, 179
      Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda.†                  100.00%   1, 196
                                                                                    Reckitt Benckiser Arabia FZE†                       100.00%   1, 181
      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de
      Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda.†                  100.00%   1, 197        Reckitt Benckiser Arabia Trading LLC                48.70%    9, 183

      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Ltda                       100.00%   9, 35         Reckitt Benckiser Argentina S.A.                    100.00%   9, 18

      Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Ltda†                      100.00%   1, 199        Reckitt Benckiser Asia Pacific Limited†             100.00%   1, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser (BVI) No. 1 Limited*                100.00%   9, 37         Reckitt Benckiser Asia Pacific Limited              100.00%   9, 109




262
Strategic Report                                          Governance                                          Financial Statements




11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued

                                                               Registered                                                                     Registered
                                                               office and                                                                     office and
Name                                                 Holding   share class   Name                                                   Holding   share class

Reckitt Benckiser Austria GmbH                       100.00%   9, 22         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (MEMA) Limited            100.00%   9, 23

Reckitt Benckiser Bahrain W.L.L                      100.00%   9, 24         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Philippines), Inc.       100.00%   5, 144

Reckitt Benckiser Brands Investments B.V.            100.00%   9, 130        Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (UK) Limited              100.00%   9, 23

Reckitt Benckiser BY LLC                             100.00%   1, 26         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare Australia Pty Limited     100.00%   9, 21

Reckitt Benckiser Calgon B.V.                        100.00%   9, 130        Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare B.V.                      100.00%   9, 130

Reckitt Benckiser Chartres SAS                       100.00%   9, 82         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare France SAS                100.00%   9, 81

Reckitt Benckiser Chile S.A.                         100.00%   9, 44         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare India Private Limited     100.00%   9, 95

Reckitt Benckiser Colombia S.A.                      100.00%   9, 68         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare International Limited     100.00%   9, 23

Reckitt Benckiser Commercial (Italia) S.r.l.         100.00%   16, 107       Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare LLC                       100.00%   1, 153

Reckitt Benckiser Corporate Services Limited         100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare Manufacturing
                                                                             (Thailand) Limited                                     45.00%    11, 172
Reckitt Benckiser d.o.o                              100.00%   9, 69
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare, Ltda                     100.00%   16, 148
Reckitt Benckiser Detergents GmbH                    100.00%   9, 85
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare S.A.U.                    100.00%   2, 161
Reckitt Benckiser Deutschland GmbH                   100.00%   4, 85
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Hellas Healthcare S.A.               100.00%   9, 86
Reckitt Benckiser East Africa Limited                99.99%    9, 115
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Hellas Hygiene Home S.A.             100.00%   9, 86
Reckitt Benckiser Ecuador S.A.                       100.00%   9, 75
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser HK Limited Taiwan Branch†            100.00%   1, 168
Reckitt Benckiser Egypt Limited                      100.00%   9, 76
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holding (Thailand) Limited           45.00%    5, 169
Reckitt Benckiser España S.L.                        100.00%   9, 161
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holding GmbH & Co KG                 100.00%   1, 85
Reckitt Benckiser Ev ve Hjyen Ürünleri A.Ş.          100.00%   1, 174
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Channel Islands) Limited   100.00%   9, 87
Reckitt Benckiser Expatriate Services Limited        100.00%   9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Channel Islands) Limited† 100.00%    1, 23
Reckitt Benckiser Fabric Treatment B.V.              100.00%   9, 130
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Italia) S.r.l.             100.00%   16, 107
Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2005) Limited             100.00%   3, 9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Luxembourg) Limited        100.00%   11, 23
Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2007)                     100.00%   9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Overseas) Limited          100.00%   9, 23
Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2010) Limited             100.00%   9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (TFFC) Limited              100.00%   9, 23
Reckitt Benckiser Finance (Ireland) Unlimited
Company*                                             100.00%   9, 104        Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (USA) Limited               100.00%   9, 23

Reckitt Benckiser Finance Company Limited            100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (USA) Limited†              100.00%   1, 120

Reckitt Benckiser Finish B.V.                        100.00%   9, 130        Reckitt Benckiser Home Chemical Products Trading
                                                                             (Shanghai) Co. Limited                                 100.00%   9, 53
Reckitt Benckiser France SAS                         100.00%   9, 81
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Hong Kong Limited                    100.00%   9, 88
Reckitt Benckiser FSIA B.V.                          100.00%   9, 130
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Hong Kong Limited Taiwan Branch† 100.00%       1, 198
Reckitt Benckiser Global R&D GmbH                    100.00%   4, 84
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Household and Health Care
Reckitt Benckiser Health Argentina S.A.              100.00%   9, 18         Ukraine LLC                                            100.00%   1, 178

Reckitt Benckiser Health Comercial Ltda              100.00%   9, 36         Reckitt Benckiser Household Products (China)
                                                                             Company Limited                                        100.00%   1, 54
Reckitt Benckiser Health Comercial Ltda. – Itapevi
Branch†                                              100.00%   1, 30         Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Brands B.V.             100.00%   9, 130

Reckitt Benckiser Health Kazakhstan LLP              100.00%   1, 113        Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Egypt Limited*          100.00%   9, 77

Reckitt Benckiser Health Kenya Limited               100.00%   9, 116        Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Ukraine LLC             100.00%   1, 178

Reckitt Benckiser Health Limited                     100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 1) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120

Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Central & Eastern                              Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 2) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120
Europe) Limited                                      100.00%   9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 4) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (CIS) Limited           100.00%   9, 23
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 5) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Ireland) Limited*      100.00%   9, 104
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 7) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Italia) S.p.A          100.00%   9, 107
                                                                             Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 8) S.à.r.l.         100.00%   9, 120




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                     263
      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements (Continued)


      11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued

                                                                    Registered                                                                     Registered
                                                                    office and                                                                     office and
      Name                                                Holding   share class   Name                                                   Holding   share class

      Reckitt Benckiser Investments Limited               100.00%   3, 9, 23      Reckitt Benckiser Porto Alto Lda                       100.00%   16, 149

      Reckitt Benckiser IP LLC                            100.00%   1, 154        Reckitt Benckiser Power Cleaners B.V.                  100.00%   9, 130

      Reckitt Benckiser Ireland Limited                   100.00%   9, 104        Reckitt Benckiser Production (Poland) Sp. z.o.o.       100.00%   9, 147

      Reckitt Benckiser Italia S.p.A                      100.00%   9, 107        Reckitt Benckiser S.à.r.l.                             100.00%   12, 120

      Reckitt Benckiser Japan Limited                     100.00%   9, 109        Reckitt Benckiser Scholl India Private Limited         100.00%   9, 97

      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.1) Limited*            100.00%   9, 111        Reckitt Benckiser Service Bureau Limited               100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.1) Limited†*           100.00%   1, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Services S.A. de C.V.                100.00%   9, 128

      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.2) Limited*            100.00%   9, 111        Reckitt Benckiser Services (Kenya) Limited             100.00%   9, 117

      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.2) Limited†*           100.00%   1, 23         Reckitt Benckiser South Africa Health Holdings
                                                                                  (Pty) Limited                                          100.00%   9, 159
      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.3) Limited             100.00%   9, 111
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser South Africa (Proprietary) Limited   100.00%   9, 159
      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.3) Limited†            100.00%   1, 23
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Tatabanya Kft                        100.00%   9, 92
      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.5) Limited             100.00%   9, 111
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Temizlik Malzemesi San. ve Tic. A.Ş. 100.00%   1, 175
      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.5) Limited†            100.00%   1, 23
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Tiret B.V.                           100.00%   9, 130
      Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No.7) Limited             100.00%   12, 111
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Treasury (2007) Limited              100.00%   11, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser Kazakhstan LLP                    100.00%   1, 114
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services (Nederland) B.V.   100.00%   9, 133
      Reckitt Benckiser Kereskedelmi Kft                  100.00%   14, 92
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services plc                100.00%   9, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser Laundry Detergents (No. 1) B.V.   100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA (2010) LLC                       100.00%   8, 73
      Reckitt Benckiser Laundry Detergents (No. 2) B.V.   100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA (2010) LLC†                      100.00%   1, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser Lime-A-Way B.V.                   100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA (2012) LLC                       100.00%   8, 73
      Reckitt Benckiser Limited˚                          100.00%   9, 23
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA (2013) LLC                       100.00%   8, 73
      Reckitt Benckiser LLC                               100.00%   8, 155
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA (2013) LLC†                      100.00%   1, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser LLC                               100.00%   8, 73
                                                                                  Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.1) Limited           100.00%   9, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser LLC in city Klin,
      Moscow region, Russia†                              100.00%   8, 89         Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.2) Limited           100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (2010) Limited         100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.3) Limited           100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No. 1) Limited        100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Vanish B.V.                          100.00%   9, 130

      Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No. 2) Limited        100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Benckiser Venezuela S.A.                       100.00%   9, 188

      Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No. 3) Limited        100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Colman Chiswick (OTC) Limited                  100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No. 4) Limited        100.00%   9, 23         Reckitt Piramal Private Limited                        100.00%   9, 98

      Reckitt Benckiser Management Services Unlimited                             Reckitt Sanabil for Trading Co LLC                     51.00%    13, 193
      Company                                             100.00%   3, 104
                                                                                  Reckitt Seton Limited                                  100.00%   11, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser Marc B.V.                         100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                  Reckitt Sonet (UK) Limited                             100.00%   9, 23
      Reckitt Benckiser Mexico, S.A. de C.V.              100.00%   9, 126
                                                                                  Reigate Square Holdings S.à.r.l.                       100.00%   9, 120
      Reckitt Benckiser Morocco Sarl AU                   100.00%   9, 129
                                                                                  Relcamp Aie*                                           100.00%   9, 162
      Reckitt Benckiser N.V.                              100.00%   9, 130
                                                                                  Scholl Latin America Limited*^                         100.00%   9, 191
      Reckitt Benckiser N.V.†                             100.00%   1, 120
                                                                                  Servicios Nutricionales Mead Johnson,
      Reckitt Benckiser Nigeria Limited                   99.53%    9, 138        S. de R.L. de C.V.                                     100.00%   9, 126

      Reckitt Benckiser Oven Cleaners B.V.                100.00%   9, 130        Scholl Consumer Produdts Limited                       100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Pakistan Limited                  98.68%    9, 139        Sonet Investments Limited                              100.00%   9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Peru S.A.                         100.00%   9, 142        Sonet Overseas Investments Limited                     100.00%   3, 9, 23

      Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals                                           Sonet Prebbles Limited                                 100.00%   9, 23
      (Proprietary) Limited                               100.00%   9, 159
                                                                                  Sonet Products Limited                                 100.00%   9, 23




264
Strategic Report                                                  Governance                                        Financial Statements




11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued                                                 Registered Offices

                                                                       Registered    17   Teniente General Richieri 15, Ciudad de Sunchales, Santa Fe, Argentina
                                                                       office and
                                                                                     18   Bucarelli 2609 PB A, Ciudad Autonoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina
    Name                                                   Holding     share class
                                                                                     19   Av Hipólito Alferez Bouchard, 4191 3°, Argentina
    Sonet Seton UK Limited                                 100.00%     9, 23
                                                                                     20   King & Wood Mallesons, ‘Governor Phillip Tower’ Level 61, 1 Farrer Place,
    Sphinx Holdings Company, Inc.                          38.00%      5, 143             Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

    SSL (MG) Polymers Limited                              100.00%     9, 23         21   Level 47, 680 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

                                                                                     22   Guglgasse 15, Vienna, 1110, Austria
    SSL (RB) Products Limited                              100.00%     9, 23
                                                                                     23   103-105 Bath Road, Slough, SL1 3UH, Berkshire, United Kingdom
    SSL Australia Pty Ltd                                  100.00%     6, 21
                                                                                     24   Building 330, Road 1506, Block 115, Bahrain International Investment Park,
    SSL Capital Ltd                                        100.00%     9, 112             Hidd. Kingdom of Bahrain, Bahrain

    SSL Healthcare (Shanghai) Ltd                          100.00%     9, 55         25   58-59 Nasirabad Industrial Area, Chittagong 4209, Bangladesh

                                                                                     26   Of. 166, 66, K Liebknekhta st., Minsk, 220036, Belarus
    SSL Healthcare Ireland Limited*                        100.00%     9, 104
                                                                                     27   20 Allée de la Recherche, Anderlecht, 1070 Brussels, Belgium
    SSL Healthcare Manufacturing S.A.U.*                   100.00%     9, 163
                                                                                     28   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
    SSL Healthcare Sverige AB                              100.00%     9, 166
                                                                                     29   Estrada Fukutaro Yida, n. 930, Bairro Cooperativa, Sao Bernardo Do Campo,
    SSL Holdings (USA) Inc.                                100.00%     9, 73              Sao Paulo, 09852-060, Brazil

                                                                                     30   Av. Portugal, nº 1.100, Setor Rua 6 Parte A12, Bairro Itaqui, Itapevi, São Paulo,
    SSL International plc                                  100.00%     9, 23
                                                                                          06696-060, Brazil

    SSL Manufacturing (Thailand) Limited                   45.00%      12, 173       31   Rodovia Antonio Heil, SC 486, Km 4, Bairro Itaipava, Armazém 1B, Itajaí, São
                                                                                          Paolo, CEP 88316-003, Brazil
    SSL New Zealand Limited                                100.00%     1, 135
                                                                                     32   Rodovia Raposo Tavares, 8015 Km 18, 1º andar, Sala 2, Jardim Arpoador, Sao
    SSL Products Limited                                   100.00%     3, 9, 23           Paolo, CEP 05577-900, Brazil

    Suffolk Finance Company Limited                        100.00%     10, 23        33   Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, n° 1909, 24° andar, Parte B, Torre
                                                                                          Norte, Condomínio São Paulo Corporate Towers, Vila Nova Conceição, Sao
    Suffolk Insurance Limited                              100.00%     4, 28              Paolo – SP, CEP 04.543-907, Brazil

                                                                                     34   Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 1909 cj 24 e 25, Vila Nova
    Tai He Tai Lai Culture Communication Co Ltd            100.00%     9, 56
                                                                                          Conceição, São Paolo/SP, Brazil

    TheraPearl LLC                                         100.00%     8, 184        35   Rodovia Raposo Tavares, 8015 km 18, Jardim Arpoador, Sao Paolo, CEP
                                                                                          05577-900, Brazil
    Tubifoam Limited                                       100.00%     3, 9, 23
                                                                                     36   Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, n° 1909, 24° andar, Parte C, Torre
    UpSpring LLC                                           100.00%     8, 93              Norte, Condomínio São Paulo Corporate Towers, Vila Nova Conceição, Sao
                                                                                          Paolo, CEP 04.543-907, Brazil
    W.Woodward, Limited                                    100.00%     9, 23
                                                                                     37   Palm Grove House, PO Box 438, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands

†      Branch                                                                        38   22/F W Square, 314-324 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

*      In liquidation                                                                39   Sofia City – 1407, Lozenets Region, 22, Zlaten rog Str, 3rd Floor, Office 4,
                                                                                          Bulgaria
˚      Interest held directly by Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
                                                                                     40   Suite 600, 1741 Lower Water Street, Halifax, NS B3J 0J2, Canada
^      Country of incorporation different to registered address
                                                                                     41   Suite 2300, 550 Burard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 2B5, Canada
Footnotes for Note 11
Share Class                                                                          42   1680 Tech Avenue, Unit 2, Mississauga, ON L4W 5S9, Canada

1          Capital Contribution/Charter Capital                                      43   PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

2          A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I/K/J                                                     44   Avenida Presidente Kennedy, Lateral 5454, Oficina 1602, Vitacura, Región
                                                                                          Metropolitana, Chile
3          Bonus
                                                                                     45   Intersection of Hongqi Road and Mingzhu Road, Dangtu Economic
4          Common                                                                         Development Zone, Maanshan City, Anhui Province, China

5          Common/Preference                                                         46   Intersection of Hongqi Road and Mingzhu Road, Dangtu Economic
                                                                                          Development Zone, Maanshan City, Anhui Province, China
6          Cumulative Redeemable Preference/Ordinary
                                                                                     47   Unit 02, 11/F, Tower A Hedonic Center, 6 Songyue Road, Siming District,
7          General Partner
                                                                                          Xiamen, China
8          Membership
                                                                                     48   No.1-13 Shangma, Aodong Road, High-tech Industrial Development Zone,
9          Ordinary                                                                       Qingdao City, Shandong Province, China

10         Ordinary/Deferred                                                         49   Room 1701, No. 1033, Zhao Jia Bang Road, Zuhui District, Shanghai, China

11         Ordinary/Preference                                                       50   16/F, Xu Jia Hui International Plaza, No.1033 Zhao Jia Bang Road,
                                                                                          Shanghai, China
12         Ordinary A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I/K/J
                                                                                     51   Unit B01, Room 401, Tower 2, Parkview Green Fang Cao Di, No.9 Dongdaqiao
13         Partnership                                                                    Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China

14         Partnership/Membership Interest                                           52   No. 3, Canglian 1 Road, ETDZ, Guangzhou, China

15         Preference                                                                53   C6-8 Site 6F, No.333 Futexi Road, Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone,
                                                                                          Shanghai City, China
16         Quota
                                                                                     54   No. 34 East Beijing Road, Jingzhou, Hubei, 434001, China




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                       265
      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements (Continued)


      11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued                                                       95    Plot No. 48, Industrial Area, Sector 32, Gurgaon – 122001, Haryana, India
      55   Room 1605, No.660, Shangcheng Road, Shanghai, China                                   96    30 Finsbury Square London EC2A 1AG
      56   Room 2109, Floor 2, No.10 Chaoyangmenwai Street, Chaoyang District,                   97    F73 and 74, Sipcot Industrial Park, Irungattukottai, Sriperumbudur TK,
           Beijing City, China                                                                         Kancheepuram District, Tamilnadu, 602 117, India
      57   Unit B02-B04, Room 401, Unit 2, Building 9, Dongdaqiao Road, Chaoyang                 98    Unit No. 54, 5th Floor, Kalpataru Square Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East)
           District, Beijing, China                                                                    Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400059, India
      58   Room 2202, Yanheng Land Plaza, No.1, Section 2, Renmin South Road,                    99    Treasury Tower, District 8, Lantai 58, SCBD Lot 28, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav.
           Jinjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China                                         52-53, Kel. Senayan, Kec. Kebayoran Baru, Kota, Adm Jakarta Selatan, Prop,
                                                                                                       DKI Jakarta, Indonesia
      59   Room 11-13, 8/F, Global Plaza, 158 Wusi Road, Fuzhou City, Gulou District,
           China                                                                                 100   Treasury Tower 59th Floor, District 8, SCBD, Jalan Jendral Sudirman Kav
                                                                                                       52-53, Jakarta, 12190, Indonesia
      60   707, Hisense Venture Center, 17 Shandong Road, Shinan District, Qingdao,
           Shandong Province, China                                                              101   Gedung Treasury Tower, District 8, Level 58, SCBD Lot 28, Jalan Jend.
                                                                                                       Sudirman Kav. 52-53, Kel. Senayan, Kec. Kebayoran Baru, Kota, Adm Jakarta
      61   15/F, 755 Huaihai Middle Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai, China
                                                                                                       Selatan, Prov, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia
      62   Rooms 1408 and 1409, 14/F, Gaoxin No.9 Office Building, Gaoxin 4th Road, Hi
                                                                                                 102   Jl. Raya Narogong, Chamber A.I, Kel. Pasirangin, Kec Cileungsi, Kab. Bogor.
           Tech Zone, Xi’an City, Shanxi Province, China
                                                                                                       Prop. Jawa Barat, Indonesia
      63   #2, Xiayuan Road, Dongji Industry Zone of Economic and Technology District,
                                                                                                 103   1st Floor, Unit 11, No. 88 Baran Building, Sayed Road, Opposite Mellat Park,
           Guangzhou, Guangdong, China
                                                                                                       Vali-e-Asr Avenue, Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran
      64   No. 99, Changjiang Da Road, Fuqiao Town, Taicang City, China
                                                                                                 104   3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland
      65   Calle 76, No. 11-17, Edificio Torre, Los Nogales Piso 2, Bogota, CO, Colombia
                                                                                                 105   6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
      66   Calle 76 No 11-17, Oficina 301, Bogota, CO, Colombia
                                                                                                 106   6 Hangar Street, PO Box 6440, I.Z. Neve Nee’man B Hod Hasharon,
      67   San Jose-Escazu En Escazu Corporate Center, Setimo Piso, Costado Sur De                     4527703, Israel
           Multiplaza Escazu, Costa Rica
                                                                                                 107   Via Spadolini 7, 20141, Milano, Italy
      68   Calle 46, 5-76, Cali, Colombia
                                                                                                 108   3-20-14 Higashi-Gotanda, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, 141-0022, Japan
      69   Ulica Grada Vukovara 269d, 10 000 Zagreb, Hrvatska, Croatia
                                                                                                 109   Sumitomo Fudosan Takanawa Park Tower 14F, 3-20-14 Higashi-Gotanda,
      70   1 Lampousas Street, P.C. 1095, Nicosia, Cyprus                                              Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, 141-0022, Japan

      71   Vinohradská 2828/151, 130 00 Praha 3-Žižkov, Czech Republic                           110   22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey

      72   Vandtårnsvej 83A, DK-2860 Søborg, Denmark                                             111   IFC 5, St. Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey

      73   251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, United States                            112   44 Esplanade, St Helier, JE4 9WG, Jersey

      74   Av. Coruña 27-88 y Av. Orellana, Edificio Coruña Plaza, Piso 7,                       113   Bld. 15/A, Koktem-1, Almaty, 050040, Kazakhstan
           Quito 170150, Ecuador
                                                                                                 114   Office 302, Building 15a, Koktem-1, Micro District, Almaty City, Kazakhstan
      75   Oficina 4C, Av. 12 de Octubre, #26-48 y Orellana, Edificio Mirage, Piso 4,
                                                                                                 115   Plot 209/2462, Likoni Road, Nairobi, Kenya
           Quito, 170525, Ecuador
                                                                                                 116   14 Riverside Drive, Arlington Building, 3rd Floor, Nairobi, 209/19, Kenya
      76   Polyium Building 22, Off Road 90, First District, 5th Settlement,
           New Cairo, Egypt                                                                      117   LR.NO.1870/1/569, 2nd Floor, Apollo Centre, Ring Road Westlands, Kenya
      77   Building A1, Second Floor, Plot #A14b01, Cairo Festival City, First District, Fifth   118   Strēlnieku iela 1A – 2, Rīga, LV-1010, Latvia
           Settlement, New Cairo, Cairo, Egypt
                                                                                                 119   Vilniaus m. Olimpiečių g. 1A, Lithuania
      78   Harju maakond, Rae vald, Rae küla, Raeküla tee 5, 75310, Estonia
                                                                                                 120   1 rue de la Poudrerie, Leudelange, L-3364, Luxembourg
      79   Itsehallintokuja 6, 02600 Espoo, Finland
                                                                                                 121   Avenida Son On, No.1040, Centre Indusrial Brilliant 2 Andar, Taipa, Macau
      80   Självstyrelsevägen 6, Esbo, 02600, Finland
                                                                                                 122   Suite 1005, 10th Floor, Wisma Hamzag Kwong Hing, No. 1 Leboh Ampang,
      81   38 rue Victor Basch, 91300 Massy, France                                                    50100 W.P. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
      82   102 rue de Sours, 28000 Chartres, France                                              123   Unit No. 50-8-1, 8th Floor, Wisma Uoa Damansara, 50 Jalan Dungun,
                                                                                                       Damansara Heights, 50490, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
      83   Heinestrasse 9, 69469, Weinheim, Germany
                                                                                                 124   Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, 50490,
      84   Robert-Koch-Straße 1, 69115 Heidelberg, Germany
                                                                                                       Damansara Heights, Wilayah Persekutuan, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
      85   Darwinstrasse 2-4, 69115, Heidelberg, Germany
                                                                                                 125   Av de las Granjas 972, Col. Santa Barbara, Azcapotzalco, CDMX,
      86   7 Taki Kavalieratou Street, Kifissia, 145 64, Greece                                        02230, Mexico

      87   1st & 2nd Floors, Elizabeth House, Les Ruettes Brayes, St Peter Port,                 126   Av. Ejército Nacional Mexicano No.769, Corporativo Miyana Torre B, Piso 6,
           GY1 1EW, Guernsey                                                                           Alcaldía Miguel Hidalgo, Colonia Granada, CP 11520, Mexico

      88   Rooms 2206-11, 22 Floor, Chubb Tower, Windsor House, 311 Gloucester Road,             127   Calzada de Tlalpan No. 2996, Col. Ex Hacienda Coapa, Del. Coyoacán, Cd. de
           Causeway Bay, Hong Kong                                                                     México, C.P. 04980, Mexico

      89   Klin City, Tereshkovoy Street, 1, 14160052/1, Moscow Region,                          128   Circuito Dr Gustavo Baz, 7, No. 7, Fracc Industrial El Pedregal, Atizapan de
           Russian Federation                                                                          Zaragoza, Edomex, Mexico

      90   Room 2001, 20/F, Greenfield Tower, Concordia Plaza, No.1 Science Museum               129   59 Boulevard Zerktouni, Residence Les Fleurs 6eme étage,
           Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong                                                     Casablanca, Morocco

      91   40-Richchia Zhovtnia avenue, 120, 1 Block, Kyiv, 03127, Ukraine                       130   Siriusdreef 14, 2132 WT, Hoofddorp, The Netherlands

      92   Bocskai út 134-146, H-1113, Budapest, Hungary                                         131   225 North Canal Street, Floor 25, Chicago IL 60606, United States

      93   4209 S. Industrial Drive, Suite 200, Austin TX 78744, United States                   132   112 North Curry Street, Carson City, NV, 89703, United States

      94   Unit No. 54, 5th Floor, Kalpataru Square, Andheri-Kurla Road, Maharashtra,            133   Schiphol Boulevard 267, 1118 BH, Schiphol, The Netherlands
           Mumbai, 400059, India
                                                                                                 134   Level 1, 2 Fred Thomas Drive, Takapuna, Auckland, 0622, New Zealand




266
Strategic Report                                                  Governance                                               Financial Statements




11 Subsidiary Undertakings continued                                                        175   Esentepe Mahallesi Büyükdere Caddesi Tekfen, Tower No: 209 A Blok D:2
                                                                                                  34394 4., Levent, Şişli, İstanbul, Turkey
135   2 Fred Thomas Drive, Takapuna, Auckland, 0622, New Zealand
                                                                                            176   4th Floor, 115 George Street, Edinburgh, EH2 4JN, Scotland, United Kingdom
136   12 Montgomery Road, Yaba, Lagos, Nigeria
                                                                                            177   1020 Eskdale Road, Winnersh, Wokingham, RG41 5TS, United Kingdom
137   Henrik Ibsens gate 60A, 0255 Oslo, Norway
                                                                                            178   28A Stepana Bandery, Bld.G, Office 80, 04073, Kyiv, Ukraine
138   12, 11th Floor Heritage Place, 21 Lugard Avenue Ikoyi, Nigeria
                                                                                            179   Level 27, Tower B, JAFZA One, Jebel Ali Free Zone, Dubai, PO Box 16834,
139   Tenancy 04 & 05, 3rd Floor, Corporate Office Block, Dolmen City, HC, Block
                                                                                                  United Arab Emirates
      4, Scheme 5, Clifton, Karachi, 75600, Pakistan
                                                                                            180   Office 1801, 1803, 1804, Emaar Real Estate Burj Khalifa, Dubai,
140   Apartment 6G, 6th Floor, Edificio Bladex, Calle Avenida La Rotonda. Business
                                                                                                  United Arab Emirates
      Park, Corregimiento de Juan Diaz, Urbanización Costa Del Este, Provincia de
      Panamá, Distrito de Panama, Panama                                                    181   309, Floor 3, Dubai Science Park Labrotory Complex, Dubai,
                                                                                                  United Arab Emirates
141   Calle Dean Valdivia No.148, Torre 1, Ofic. 501, Urb. Jardín, San Isidro,
      Lima, Peru                                                                            182   Unit 05, Level 3, Gate Village Building 04, Dubai Investment Financial Centre,
                                                                                                  PO Box 677, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
142   Av. Republica de Panama #2577, Urb. Santa Catalina, La Victoria, Lima, Peru
                                                                                            183   Al Seer Corporate Office, Behind Al Tayer Motors, Sheikh Zayed Road, Al
143   2309 Don Chino Roces Avenue Extension, Makati City, Philippines
                                                                                                  Quoz Industrial Area 3, Dubai, 31587, United Arab Emirates
144   3rd Floor Mead Johnson Nutrition Inc, 2309 Don Chino Roces Extension,
                                                                                            184   4209 S. Industrial Drive, Suite 200, Austin TX 78744, United States
      Makati City, Philippines
                                                                                            185   Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle
145   Ul. Wołoska 22, 02-675, Warsaw, Poland
                                                                                                  County DE 19808, United States
146   Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, Ul. Okunin 1, 05-100, Poland
                                                                                            186   Northcliffe House, Young Street, London, W8 5EH, United Kingdom
147   ul. Okunin 1, 05-100, Nowy Dwor, Mazowiecki, Poland
                                                                                            187   Urb. Las Mercedes, Av. Orinoco cruce con Mucuchies Torre Nordic, Piso 1,
148   Rua D. Cristóvão da Gama, n.º 1, 1º, C/D, 1400-116, Lisboa, Portugal                        Oficina 1 y 2, Municipio Baruta Caracas, Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela

149   Estrada Malhada dos Carrascos, 12, Porto Alto, 2135-061, Samora Correia,              188   Avenida Mara con Calle San José, Centro Comercial Macaracuay Plaza, Nivel
      Portugal                                                                                    C3, Locales 5 y 12. Urb. Colinas de la California, Caracas, Bolivarian Republic
                                                                                                  of Venezuela
150   Los Frailes Industrial Park, Ave. Esmeralda, Calle C # 475, Guaynabo, 00969,
      Puerto Rico                                                                           189   Unit 401, 4th Floor, Metropolitan Building, No.235 Dong Khoi Street, Ben Nghe
                                                                                                  Ward, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
151   89-97 Grigore Alexandrescu street, Building A, 5th floor, Sector 1, Bucharest,
      Romania                                                                               190   Av. Winston Churchill No. 1099 Torre Acrópolis, Piso 12, Santo Domingo,
                                                                                                  Republic of Dominica
152   Iancu de Hunedoara Boulevard, Nr. 48, 11th Floor, Crystal Tower Building,
      1st District, Bucharest, 011745, Romania                                              191   Incorporated: The Bahamas Registered office: 23

153   4, Shluzovaya emb, 3rd Floor, 115114, Moscow, Russian Federation                      192   Incorporated: The Netherlands Registered office: 131

154   14 Kozhevnicheskaya Str, 115114, Moscow, Russian Federation                           193   Office number 51, Fifth Floor, Mukmal Plaza Center, Al Hamra District
                                                                                                  Palestine Street, Jeddah City, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates
155   52/1, Kosmodamianskaya emb, 115054, Moscow, Russian Federation
                                                                                            194   Est Dona Maria Jose Ferraz Prado, 1481, Cond Dist. Park Embu II Modulo 06,
156   80 Robinson Road, #02-00, 068898, Singapore                                                 Chacaras Bartira, CEP – 06.845-070, Embu/SP, Brazil

157   12 Marina Boulevard, #19-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre, 018982, Singapore            195   Estm Maria Margarida Pinto Dona Belinha, 742, GalpaoO3 Bloco I/A, Extrema/
                                                                                                  MG, Brazil
158   Drieňová 3, 821 08 Bratislava, Slovakia
                                                                                            196   Rod Governador Mario Covas, 7270, KM 264 Parte RB, Serra/ES, Brazil
159   8 Jet Park Road, Gauteng, Elandsfontein, 1406, South Africa
                                                                                            197   Rod Dom Gabriel Paulino Bueno Couto, 1606, Itupeva/SP, Brazil
160   24th Floor, Two IFC, 10 Gukjegeumyung-ro, Youngdeungpo-gu, Seoul, 07326,
      Republic of Korea                                                                     198   6/F, No. 136, Sec. 3, Ren-ai Rd., Da-an Dist, Taipei 106, R.O.C., Taiwan

161   Carrer de Mataró, 28, 08403, Granollers, Barcelona, Spain                             199   Ketian Aquatic Science and Technology Industrial Park, No. 3949 Kunlunshan
                                                                                                  Avenue, Lanzhou New Area, Lanzhou City, Gansu Province, China
162   Fray Carbo, 24, 08400, Granollers, Spain

163   No.151, Avda. Can Fatjó, 08191, Rubí, Barcelona, Spain

164   No.25, Shrubbery Garden, Colombo-04, Sri Lanka

165   Vretenvägen 2, 4th Floor, 171 54 Solna, Sweden

166   Box 190, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden

167   Richtistrasse 5, 8304, Wallisellen, Switzerland

168   6F., No. 136, Sec. 3, Ren’ai Road, Da’an Dist, Taipei City 1, R.O.C., 10657, Taiwan

169   No.388 Exchange Tower, 14th Floor, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey, Bangkok, TH
      10110, Thailand

170   No. 388, Room No. 1903, Floor 19th Floor, Exchange Tower, Sukhumvit Road,
      Sub-District Klongtoey, District Klongtoey, Bangkok, 10110, Thailand

171   No.388 Exchange Tower, 14th Floor, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey, Bangkok,
      10110, Thailand

172   65 Moo 12 Lardkrabang-Bangplee Road, Bangplee Samutprakarn, 10540,
      Thailand

173   100 Moo 5, Bangsamak Sub-District, Bangpakong District, Chachoengsao
      Province 24180, Thailand

174   Orta Mahallesi Demokrasi, Caddesi Benckiser Sitesi No.92, Tuzla,
      Istanbul, Turkey




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                             267
      SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
      Annual General Meeting                                                 If you are based overseas, you may choose to have your dividends
      Our Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on Friday 20 May         paid to your account in your local currency by using Computershare’s
      2022 at 2.00pm at London Heathrow Marriott Hotel, Bath Road,           Global Payment Service (GPS). To view the terms and register to the
      Hayes, Middlesex, UB3 5AN.                                             GPS, please join our DRIP. This is also available via Investor Centre.

      The Notice convening the meeting, together with the business           Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP)
      to be considered at the meeting is contained in a separate             Shareholders participating in the DRIP receive additional shares
      document for shareholders and is available on our website at           purchased in the market instead of receiving a cash dividend.
      www.reckitt.com/investors/annual-general-meetings.                     You can elect to join the DRIP by registering at the Computershare
                                                                             Investor Centre at www.investorcentre.co.uk. Alternatively, you can
      2022 Financial calendar and key dates
                                                                             request a DRIP mandate form and terms and conditions by
                                                                             contacting Computershare on +44 (0)370 703 0118.
      Announcement of Quarter 1 trading
      statement                                              29 April 2022   Electronic shareholder communications
      Annual General Meeting                                 20 May 2022     We encourage all shareholders to receive an email notification
                                                                             when shareholder documents become available online, to reduce
      Record date for 2021 final dividend                    29 April 2022
                                                                             our impact on the environment. An election to receive shareholder
      Payment of 2021 final ordinary dividend                9 June 2022     communications in this way will:
      Announcement of 2022 interim results                   27 July 2022
                                                                             •   result in annual cost savings to the company since less paper
      Record date for 2022 interim dividend               5 August 2022          documentation will need to be produced and posted;
      Payment of 2022 interim ordinary dividend     14 September 2022        •   allow for quicker and more effective communications with
      Announcement of Quarter 3 trading                                          shareholders; and
      statement                                         26 October 2022      •   support Reckitt’s corporate responsibility profile.

      Dividend                                                               Shareholders can register for electronic communications by
      The Directors have recommended a final dividend of 101.6 pence         registering at www.investorcentre.co.uk. For each new shareholder
      per share, for the year ended 31 December 2021. Subject to             that does so, Computershare will donate £1 to the Woodland Trust.
      shareholder approval at the 2021 AGM, payment of the final             For more information on the Woodland Trust and all of their
      dividend will be made on 9 June 2022 to all shareholders on the        campaigns please visit their website at www.woodlandtrust.org.uk.
      register as at 29 April 2022. The latest date for receipt of new       Shareholders who have positively elected for electronic
      applications to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan          communications will receive an email whenever shareholder
      (DRIP) in respect of the 2021 final dividend is 17 May 2022.           documents are available to view on the company’s website.
      Details on how to join the DRIP can be found in the DRIP section       Shareholders who have elected by deemed consent in accordance
      of this report.                                                        with the Companies Act 2006 will receive a hard copy notice of
      Mandatory Direct Credit                                                availability of a document on the company’s website and are
      In September 2018, we changed the way we pay dividends to              entitled to request a hard copy of any such document, at any time,
      shareholders and no longer pay dividends by cheque. This is            free of charge from Computershare. Shareholders can revoke their
      known as ‘mandatory direct credit’. The reasons and benefits           consent to receive electronic communications at any time by
      for introducing this change are:                                       contacting Computershare.

      •   Shareholders receive dividend funds quicker                        The company’s 2021 Annual Report and Notice of the 2022 AGM are
                                                                             available to view at www.reckitt.com. The Investor section of the
      •   We reduce our environmental impact
                                                                             website also contains up-to-date information for shareholders to
      •   We reduce the risk of cheque fraud                                 view throughout the year, including:
      •   We reduce the administration costs of issuing or
                                                                             •   Detailed share price information
          banking cheques
                                                                             •   Financial results
      To have your dividends paid directly into your bank account,
                                                                             •   Regulatory announcements
      please log on to the Computershare Investor Centre at
      www.investorcentre.co.uk, or by telephone on +44 (0)370 703 0118.      •   Dividend payment dates and amounts
      We will hold your dividends for you until you provide valid            •   Access to shareholder documents including the Annual Report
      bank details and charges may be applied to reissue any                     and Notice of AGM
      dividend payments.                                                     •   Share capital information



268
Strategic Report                                     Governance                                   Financial Statements




Share dealing facility                                                  American Depositary Receipts
The company’s shares can be traded through most banks, building         American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) are dollar-denominated
societies, stockbrokers or ‘share shops’. In addition, UK-based         securities that represent the ownership of ordinary shares in a non-
shareholders can buy or sell Reckitt shares using a share dealing       US company, quoted and traded in US dollars in the US securities
facility made available by Reckitt’s Registrar, Computershare; these    market. ADRs facilitate the purchase, holding and sale of non-US
include internet and postal share dealing.                              shares by US investors. Dividends are paid to investors in US dollars.

Internet share dealing                                                  Reckitt Benckiser Group plc ADRs are traded on the
Internet share dealing is available to shareholders residing in the     over‑the‑counter market (OTC) under the symbol RBGLY. Five
UK. This service offers shareholders a straightforward way to buy       ADRs represent one ordinary Reckitt share. J.P. Morgan Chase Bank
or sell Reckitt’s shares on the London Stock Exchange. The              N.A. is the Depositary. The table below provides details of the
commission is 1.4%, subject to a minimum charge of £40. In              identification of Reckitt securities on the US market place and the
addition, stamp duty, currently 0.5%, is payable on purchases.          London Stock Exchange.
Real-time dealing is available during UK market hours (08:00 to         Symbol Security              Listing/Trading       CUSIP/ISIN
16:30). In addition, you can place a sale instruction outside of
                                                                        RBGLY    U.S. security (ADR) OTC Pink              756255204
market hours.
                                                                        RKT.L.   Ordinary share      London Stock          GB00B24CGK77
To access the service, log on to www.computershare.com/                                              Exchange
dealing/uk. Shareholders must have their Shareholder Reference
Number (SRN) available. The SRN appears on share certificates.          ADR Depositary Bank
Internet share dealing is currently limited to certain jurisdictions:   J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. sponsors and administers the Reckitt
a full list of countries can be found on the Computershare website      ADR facility. J.P. Morgan ADR shareholder services can be
at www.computershare.com/dealing/uk; select ‘Share Dealing’             contacted as follows:
and scroll down to access the ‘Permitted Jurisdictions’ form.
                                                                        J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A.
Postal share dealing service                                            383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11, New York, NY 10179
The Postal Share Dealing Service offers a way to sell or purchase       Online via: www.shareowneronline.com
shares (subject to availability). In order to use the service, you      Telephone number for general queries: +1 800 990 1135
must be a resident in the UK or one of the permitted jurisdictions      Telephone number from outside the US: +1 651 453 2128
(see Permitted Jurisdiction form). If you wish to use the service,
download a postal dealing form and the Terms & Conditions at            Company Secretary
www.computershare.com/dealing/uk. The fee for this service is 1.4%      Catheryn O’Rourke
of the value of each sale or purchase, and is subject to a minimum      Registered office
charge of £40. Stamp duty of 0.5% may be payable on purchases.          103-105 Bath Road, Slough
As a consequence of the UK leaving the European Union on                Berkshire SL1 3UH
31 December 2020, the share dealing service offered through             Telephone: +44 (0)1753 217800
Reckitt’s Registrar is unfortunately no longer available to             Registered and domiciled in England and Wales No. 6270876
customers with certificated shareholdings based in the European         Company status
Economic Area.                                                          Public Limited Company
Detailed terms and conditions for both internet and postal dealing      Auditor
are available upon request by calling +44 (0)370 702 0000.              KPMG LLP
Analysis of shareholders as at 31 December 2021                         Solicitors
                                                                        Slaughter and May/Linklaters LLP
Distribution of shares by type of           No. of
shareholder                               holdings           Shares     Registrar and Transfer office
Nominees and institutional investors         4,890      727,462,979     The company’s Registrar, Computershare, is responsible for
                                                                        maintaining and updating the shareholder register and making
Individuals                                 10,865        9,072,200
                                                                        dividend payments to shareholders. If you have any queries relating
Total                                       15,755     736,535,179      to your shareholding please write to, or telephone, the company’s
                                                                        Registrar at the following address:
                                            No. of
Size of shareholding                      holdings           Shares     Computershare Investor Services PLC
1 – 500                                      9,480        1,778,023     The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol BS99 6ZZ
                                                                        Reckitt Shareholder helpline
501 – 1,000                                  2,359         1,710,462
                                                                        Telephone: +44 (0)370 703 0118
1,001 – 5,000                                2,307        4,750,203     Website: www.computershare.com/uk
5,001 – 10,000                                 330        2,328,862
10,001 – 50,000                                598       14,449,794
50,001 – 100,000                               201       14,200,830
100,001 – 1,000,000                            372      123,350,995
1,000,001 and above                            108      573,966,010
Total                                      15, 755    736, 535, 179




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          269
      Shareholder Information (Continued)


      Charity donation                                                         Cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements
      ShareGift is a UK registered charity (No.1052686) which specialises      This Annual Report and Financial Statements contains statements
      in realising the value locked up in small shareholdings for charitable   with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and
      purposes. The resulting proceeds are donated to a wide range of          business of Reckitt (the Group) and certain of the plans and
      charities, reflecting suggestions received from donors. If you have      objectives of the Group that are forward-looking statements.
      only a small number of Reckitt shares which are uneconomic to            Words such as ‘intends’, ‘targets’, or the negative of these terms
      continue holding, you may wish to consider donating them to              and other similar expressions of future performance or results,
      ShareGift. Please visit www.sharegift.org/donate-shares or               and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking
      telephone +44 (0)20 7930 3737 for more information about how to          statements. In particular, all statements that express forecasts,
      proceed. Further details about ShareGift can be found at                 expectations and projections with respect to future matters,
      www.sharegift.org.                                                       including targets for Net Revenue, operating margin and cost
                                                                               efficiency, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are
      Unsolicited mail
                                                                               not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.
      We are legally obliged to make our register of shareholders
      available to the public, subject to a proper purpose test.               By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and
      As a result, some shareholders might receive unsolicited mail.           uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on
      Shareholders wishing to limit the amount of such mail should write       circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number
      to the Mailing Preference Service, MPS FREEPOST 29 LON20771,             of factors that could cause actual results and developments
      London W1E 0ZT or register online at www.mpsonline.org.uk.               to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
                                                                               forward-looking statements, including many factors outside the
      Share fraud and ‘boiler room’ scams
                                                                               Group’s control. Among other risks and uncertainties, the material
      Share fraud is a deceptive practice that induces investors to make
                                                                               or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ
      sales and purchases based on inaccurate information and in
                                                                               materially are: the general economic, business, political and
      violation of security laws. In boiler room scams, fraudsters will
                                                                               social conditions in the key markets in which the Group operates;
      entice investors into scams through increased persuasion and
                                                                               the ability of the Group to manage regulatory, tax and legal
      high-pressure tactics through cold calling or random contact.
                                                                               matters, including changes thereto; the reliability of the Group’s
      Reckitt is aware of these deceptions and urges shareholders              technological infrastructure or that of third parties on which
      who are offered unsolicited investment advice, discounted shares,        the Group relies; interruptions in the Group’s supply chain
      a premium price for shares, or free company or research reports          and disruptions to its production facilities; the reputation of
      to investigate thoroughly before making any decision.                    the Group’s global brands; and the recruitment and retention
                                                                               of key management.
      If you receive any form of unsolicited investment advice, please
      take the following steps:                                                These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of
                                                                               this Annual Report and Financial Statements. Except as required
      •   Confirm the name of the person and/or organisation
                                                                               by any applicable law or regulation, Reckitt expressly disclaims
      •   Check the Financial Conduct Authority’s (FCA) Financial              any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or
          Services Register at register.fca.org.uk/ to ensure they             revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to
          are authorised                                                       reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto
      •   Use the details on the Financial Services Register to contact        or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
          the firm                                                             such statement is based.
      •   Call the FCA Consumer Helpline on +44 (0)800 111 6768                Any information contained in the 2021 Annual Report and Financial
          (freephone) or 0300 500 8082 (from the UK), if there are no          Statements on the price at which shares or other securities in
          contact details on the Register or if they are out of date           Reckitt Benckiser Group plc have been bought or sold in the past,
      •   Search the FCA’s list of unauthorised firms and individuals at       or on the yield on such shares or other securities, should not be
          www.fca.org.uk/consumers/unauthorised-firms-individuals to           relied upon as a guide to future performance.
          avoid doing business with reported offenders
      •   If you are approached by fraudsters please contact the FCA
          using their helpline, or share fraud reporting form
      •   Consider getting independent financial advice

      Using an unauthorised firm to buy or sell shares or other
      investments will prohibit access to the Financial Ombudsman
      Service or Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) should
      the investment be unsuccessful. Remember: if it sounds too good
      to be true, it probably is. If you think you have been a victim of
      these scams, the matter should be reported to the Police and to
      Action Fraud. For more information, please visit the Serious Fraud
      Office website at www.sfo.gov.uk/contact-us/reporting-serious-
      fraud-bribery-corruption.




270
Strategic Report                          Governance   Financial Statements


Notes




Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                       271
      Notes




272
Printed by Park Communications on FSC® certified paper.

Park works to the EMAS standard and its Environmental
Management System is certified to ISO 14001.

This publication has been manufactured using 100% offshore wind
electricity sourced from UK wind.

100% of the inks used are vegetable oil based, 95% of press
chemicals are recycled for further use and, on average 99% of any
waste associated with this production will be recycled and the
remaining 1% used to generate energy.

This document is printed on InasetPlus Offset paper made of
material from well-managed, FSC®-certified forests and other
controlled sources.

This is a certified climate neutral print product for which carbon
emissions have been calculated and offset by supporting
recognised carbon offset projects. The carbon offset projects are
audited and certified according to international standards and
demonstrably reduce emissions. The climate neutral label includes
a unique ID number specific to this product which can be tracked
at www.climatepartner.com, giving details of the carbon offsetting
process including information on the emissions volume and the
carbon offset project being supported.
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
Registered office
103-105 Bath Road,
Slough, Berkshire, SL1 3UH
UK
Registered in England and Wales
No 6270876




                                  reckitt.com
