樂普生物科技股份有限公司
LEPU BIOPHARMA CO., LTD.
( A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability )

Stock Code: 2157




                                                2025
                                          Annual Report
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                  2

Chairman’s Statement                                   4

Management Discussion and Analysis                     7

Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and             31
  Senior Management

Directors’ Report                                     37

Report of the Supervisory Committee                   58

Corporate Governance Report                           59

Environmental, Social and Governance Report           82

Independent Auditor’s Report                         160

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other   167
  Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         168

Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity          170

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 171

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements       172

Financial Summary                                    252

Definitions and Glossary of Technical Terms          253
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Dr. Pu Zhongjie（蒲忠傑）(Chairman)                          Ms. Li Yunyi（李昀軼）
    Dr. Sui Ziye（隋滋野）(Chief Executive Officer)              Ms. Lai Siu Kuen（黎少娟）(FCG, HKFCG)


    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                 AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Pu Jue（蒲珏）                                          Dr. Pu Zhongjie（蒲忠傑）
    Ms. Qin Yiran（秦怡然）(appointed with effect from           Ms. Lai Siu Kuen（黎少娟）(FCIS, HKFCG)
      June 27, 2025)
    Mr. Yang Hongbing（楊紅冰）(retired with effect from         AUDITOR
      June 27, 2025)
                                                            Ernst & Young
                                                            Certified Public Accountants and
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
                                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    DIRECTORS
                                                            27/F, One Taikoo Place
    Mr. Zhou Demin（周德敏）                                     979 King’s Road
    Mr. Yang Haifeng（楊海峰）                                   Quarry Bay
    Mr. Fengmao Hua（華風茂）                                    Hong Kong


    SUPERVISORS                                             HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
    Mr. Xu Yang（徐揚）                                         Herbert Smith Freehills Kramer
    Ms. Zhao Lixuan（趙力萱）                                    23/F, Gloucester Tower
    Mr. Yang Ming（楊明）(resigned with effect upon             15 Queen’s Road Central
      the approval of the appointment of a new supervisor   Hong Kong
      by the Shareholders)
                                                            PRC LEGAL ADVISER
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                            Zhong Lun Law Firm
    Mr. Fengmao Hua（華風茂）(Chairman)                          23-31/F, South Tower of CP Center
    Mr. Yang Haifeng（楊海峰）                                   20 Jin He East Avenue
    Ms. Pu Jue（蒲珏）                                          Chaoyang District
                                                            Beijing
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL                              PRC
    COMMITTEE
                                                            COMPLIANCE ADVISER
    Mr. Yang Haifeng（楊海峰）(Chairman)
    Mr. Fengmao Hua（華風茂）                                    Maxa Capital Limited
    Dr. Pu Zhongjie（蒲忠傑）                                    Unit 1908 Harbour Center
                                                            25 Harbour Road
                                                            Wanchai
                                                            Hong Kong




2      Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                               CORPORATE INFORMATION


NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                    BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Mr. Zhou Demin（周德敏）(Chairman)
Mr. Yang Haifeng（楊海峰）                               Block 4, No. 651, Lianheng Road
Ms. Pu Jue（蒲珏）(appointed with effect from           Minhang District, Shanghai
  June 27, 2025)                                    PRC
Dr. Pu Zhongjie（蒲忠傑）(retired with effect from
  June 27, 2025)                                    H SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor
STRATEGY COMMITTEE
                                                    Services Limited
Dr. Pu Zhongjie（蒲忠傑）(Chairman)                      Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Dr. Sui Ziye（隋滋野）                                   Hopewell Centre
Mr. Zhou Demin（周德敏）                                 183 Queen’s Road East
                                                    Wan Chai
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                      Hong Kong
HONG KONG
                                                    STOCK CODE
Room 1918, 19/F, Lee Garden One,
33 Hysan Avenue,                                    02157
Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
                                                    COMPANY WEBSITE
PRINCIPLE BANKS
                                                    www.lepubiopharma.com
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Shanghai Xinzhuang Industrial District Sub-branch
No. 3800 Jindu Road
Minhang District
Shanghai
China


Agricultural Bank of China Shanghai
Branch Minhang Sub-branch
No. 68 South Shuiqing Road
Minhang District
Shanghai
China


China Merchants Bank Shanghai
Minhang Sub-branch
No. 365, Xinsong Road
Minhang District
Shanghai
China




                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    Dear Shareholders,


    On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to first express my sincere gratitude to all Shareholders for their
    continued trust and support.


    Lepu Biopharma is innovation-driven and dedicated to discovering, developing, and commercializing first-in-class and
    best-in-class drug candidates in anti-tumor targeted therapy and oncology immunotherapy. Since its establishment,
    the Company has continued to promote the technological upgrade of innovative ADCs in China, establishing an
    advanced and systematic ADC development platform, and fulfilling the unmet clinical needs in the field of oncology
    with more groundbreaking innovative drugs.


    In 2025, the Company achieved strong pickup in revenue and achieved its first annual profit. The Company
    continued to consolidate its product pipeline, with our FIC EGFR-targeted ADC obtaining approval in China
    and more drugs entering the pivotal stage. At the same time, the Company actively expanded its portfolio of
    combination therapy, advanced treatment lines, and gradually realized the value of innovation, thereby officially
    entering a critical phase of high-quality development. We are hereby pleased to present the Company’s annual
    report for the year ended December 31, 2025 to review and share our operating results for the year with our
    Shareholders.


    I.       Sales/BD dual-driven, resulting in a revenue of RMB935 million in 2025, which represented a sharp
             turnaround from loss to profit

             Domestic commercialization: The sales revenue of PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection) and
             MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) amounted to RMB501 million, marking an increase of 66.8% as
             compared with the previous year.


             BD: The revenue recorded was RMB424 million, primarily from the out-licensing of MRG007 and
             out-licensing of TCE assets.


    II.      FIC EGFR-targeted ADC MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) obtained approval, more drugs
             entered the pivotal stage

             •      MRG003 (MEIYOUHENG), an EGFR-targeted ADC

                    –      NPC: In October 2025, MEIYOUHENG obtained marketing approval from the NMPA for R/M
                           NPC, becoming the first approved EGFR-targeted ADC in China with significant market first-
                           mover advantage. Meanwhile, we are currently conducting the Phase III clinical trial for the
                           combination therapy of becotatug vedotin with pucotenlimab for R/M NPC.


                    –      HNSCC: The Company is conducting a Phase III clinical study on HNSCC indication
                           monotherapy. Meanwhile, the Company is conducting a Phase II trial for combination
                           therapy of MRG003 with pucotenlimab in solid tumors and has moved to first-line treatment.
                           The Company is also conducting the Phase II clinical trial targeting LA-HNSCC in Europe.
                           Furthermore, we obtained the IND approval from CDE for the combination therapy of
                           becotatug vedotin with pucotenlimab targeting preoperative patients with LA-HNSCC.




4         Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


       •     CMG901 (AZD0901), a CLDN18.2-targeting ADC

             In February 2023, AstraZeneca was granted the exclusive global license for the research,
             development, registration, production, and commercialization of CMG901 (AZD0901). Currently,
             AstraZeneca is actively conducting two Phase III clinical trials of CMG901: one as a monotherapy
             for advanced/metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma, and another as a
             combination therapy with capecitabine, with or without rilvegostomig for the first-line treatment
             of Claudin18.2-positive and HER2-negative advanced/metastatic gastric, gastroesophageal junction
             or esophageal adenocarcinoma. Subject to the License Agreement, the first patient dosing in the
             combination trial has triggered a US$45 million milestone payment, which has been made by
             AstraZeneca.


       •     MRG004A, TF-targeted ADC

             MRG004A demonstrated positive efficacy signal in pancreatic cancer (PC) indications. The Company is
             advancing a Phase III clinical trial of MRG004A for the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
             (PDAC). The Phase Ib clinical data for PC indications is encouraging, and the relevant results have
             been presented at the ESCO Congress 2025.


       •     CG0070, oncolytic virus

             CG0070 is an oncolytic adenovirus for the treatment of BCG unresponsive bladder cancer patients
             and is currently in the Phase III clinical study conducted by our U.S. partner, CG Oncology, in the
             United States. The Company in-licensed CG0070 from CG Oncology and was granted the rights to
             develop, manufacture and commercialize it in Greater China including Mainland China, Hong Kong,
             and Macau. At present, the Company has initiated patient enrollment for the domestic pivotal clinical
             trial. In addition, CG0070 was granted BTD by the CDE in 2025.


III.   Unleashing the potential of innovative pipelines

       •     MRG001, a CD20-targeted ADC

             The Company is conducting a Phase II clinical study evaluating MRG001 in combination with BTK
             inhibitors for the treatment of DLBCL patients, and has obtained positive interim clinical data, which
             was announced at the 67th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting.


       •     MRG006A, a GPC3-targeted ADC

             MRG006A is a novel GPC-3 ADC candidate with the topoisomerase I inhibitor, with global
             first-in-class potential, which has been developed based on our Hi-TOPi ADC platform. We are
             currently conducting the Phase II clinical trial for HCC in China. MRG006A obtained IND approval
             from the CDE for the first-line treatment of HCC in combination therapy with pucotenlimab and
             Avastin, providing a new therapeutic option for HCC patients. Moreover, MRG006A received IND
             clearance from the FDA, and the drug was granted FTD and ODD designations by the FDA.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.      5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


             •      MRG007, a CDH17-targeted ADC

                    MRG007 demonstrated robust anti-tumor activity in pre-clinical models of gastrointestinal cancer. The
                    Company and Arrivent are concurrently conducting a Phase I MRCT for the treatment of unresectable
                    locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors in China and the U.S. The pre-clinical data for MRG007,
                    presented at the 2025 AACR Annual Meeting, showed promising clinical potential for the treatment
                    of gastrointestinal cancers.


                    In January 2025, the Company entered into an exclusive out-license agreement with ArriVent whereby
                    the Company granted ArriVent an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
                    MRG007 outside of the Greater China. The Company will be eligible to receive up to US$1.2 billion in
                    aggregate, including upfront payment and development, registration and sales milestone payments,
                    as well as tiered royalties on net sales.


    IV.      Innovation platform continues iterative upgrade

             The Company’s proprietary Hi-TOPi ADC platform and T cell engager platform have become mature and
             proven. In addition to the existing pipeline products, the Company is also actively promoting the R&D of
             multi-specific antibody IO and multi-specific antibody ADC candidates through its proprietary R&D platforms,
             among which, the pre-clinical study data of a novel EGFR/5T4 bispecific ADC drug and a novel anti-PD-1/IL-2
             fusion protein candidate will be officially presented at the AACR Congress 2026.


    FUTURE OUTLOOK
    In 2026, the Company officially entered its ninth year of development and ushered in the best period of
    development since its establishment. After years of in-depth cultivation and solid accumulation in R&D innovation,
    pipeline layout, team building, technology platform and commercialization capabilities, the Company is entering a
    new phase of growth, steadily stepping into a period of value harvesting, and embarking on an innovation-driven
    new chapter of development.


    Looking ahead to the new year and standing at a new starting point, the Company will build upon its solid
    foundation and capitalize on the trend: on the one hand, the Company will spare no effort in promoting the
    rapid increase in volume of existing commercialized products, accelerate the market penetration of MEIYOUHENG,
    and consolidate and expand its leading position in the domestic market; on the other hand, through the clinical
    promotion and indication expansion of the core pipelines, as well as the deepening of the global BD cooperation
    and international layout, the Company will enter a new stage of sustained growth with robust development
    momentum.




    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.
    Dr. Pu Zhongjie
Chairman and Executive Director


    April 22, 2026




6         Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OVERVIEW
We are an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company focusing on oncology therapeutics, in particular, targeted
therapy and oncology immunotherapy, with a strong China foundation and global vision. Since our establishment,
we have been dedicated to developing innovative ADCs through our comprehensive and advanced ADC technology
development platform and we aim to develop optimal and innovative drugs to better serve the unmet medical
needs of cancer patients. We have an integrated end-to-end capability across drug discovery, clinical development,
CMC and GMP-compliant manufacturing, encompassing all critical functions of the biopharmaceutical value chain.
We are committed to continuously developing a market-differentiating pipeline by fully integrating our independent
innovation capabilities and strategic collaborations. Concurrently, we are dedicated to exploring synergistic
therapeutic approaches on the basis of the continuous enrichment of our product pipeline. We have established and
are progressively expanding our internal manufacturing capabilities, driven by the business needs stemming from
the commercialization of our ADC candidates.


We have strategically designed our pipeline with a range of oncology products. As of the date of this report, we
have (i) two clinical/commercialization-stage drug candidate; (ii) eight clinical-stage drug candidates, including one
co-developed through a joint venture; and (iii) five clinical-stage combination therapies of our candidates. Two of
our drug candidates have obtained marketing approval with respect to their targeted indications, with clinical trials
for other indications ongoing. Among the eight clinical-stage drug candidates, six are targeted therapeutics and two
are immunotherapeutics, which are an oncolytic virus drug and T cell agonistic antibody. MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug
Vedotin Injection), which obtained marketing approval from NMPA in China, was granted BTD, ODD and FTD on
NPC from the FDA. The combination therapy of MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) with pucotenlimab
was granted BTD by CDE. MRG002 was granted ODD on GC/GEJ from the FDA. CMG901 was granted FTD and
ODD in GC/GEJ from the FDA, and obtained BTD from CDE. MRG004A was granted ODD and FTD by the FDA for
the treatment of PC, and BTD by the CDE. MRG006A was granted ODD and FTD by the FDA for the treatment of
HCC. CG0070 was granted BTD from the CDE and FDA. In addition, MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection)
and MRG006A have obtained IND clearance from the FDA. We continuously strive to build and advance novel
technology platforms as the Company’s innovative engines, while driving the continuous advancement of a pipeline
of novel and innovative molecules.


We aim to commercialize our pipeline products in China through dedicated sales and marketing forces, while
attaining international market reach through strategic partnerships. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
Company has achieved significant milestones in the monetisation of our R&D capabilities through domestic
commercialization and BD activities: PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection) has completed the full commercialization
process and is currently under a rapid sales growth. Building on this momentum, we aim to optimize the
commercialization strategy for MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) (FIC EGFR-ADC) to drive more efficient
market penetration and growth. In addition, two other products, CMG901 and MRG007 have also been licensed
out through our BD activities. Notably, CMG901’s global rights have been licensed to AstraZeneca, and MRG007’s
rights for regions outside Greater China have been licensed to ArriVent. These accomplishments have established
a solid foundation for the Company’s future commercialization of drug candidates and global cooperations. The
Company has established end-to-end commercialization capabilities in the domestic market, while positioning itself
as a global biotech company with growing engagement in international R&D and strategic partnerships.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    PRODUCT PIPELINE
    The following chart illustrates our pipeline and summarizes the development status of our clinical-stage and
    pre-clinical drug candidates:


                                                                                                                                                                        Status2

                    Drug Candidates                         Indications                                                          Preclinical   Phase Ia      Phase Ib   Phase II    Pivotal/Phase III            NDA


                                                                                                                                 Mono
                                                            NPC           >2L NPC (nasopharyngeal cancer)
                                                                                                                                 Combo

                                                                          >2L HNSCC (head and neck squamous
                                                                                                                                 Mono
                                                                          cell carcinoma)
                    MRG003* EGFR-targeted ADC 7
                                                                          1L HNSCC                                               Combo
                                                            HNSCC
                                                                                                                                 Combo
                                                                          LA-HNSCC


       Late Stage
                                                                                                                                 Combo                                        EUR


                                                            G/GEJ carcinoma (gastric and gastroesophageal junction               Mono                                                                   Global
                    CMG901 CLDN18.2-targeted ADC        4
                                                            carcinoma) and other solid tumors                                    Combo

                                                                                                                                 Mono
                    MRG004A TF-targeted ADC                 PDAC          3L PDAC
                                                                                                                                 Mono                            U.S.



                                                            BCG-unresponsive NMIBC (bacillus calmette-guerin                     Mono
                    CG00706 Oncolytic virus                 unresponsive non-muscle invasive bladder cancer)                     Combo

                                                                      BC (breast cancer) HER2 (human epidermal growth            Mono
                    MRG002* HER2-targeted ADC                         factor receptor 2) over-expressing with liver metastasis
                                                            BC
                                                                          BC HER2-positive                                       Mono

                                                                                                                                 Mono
                    MRG001 CD20-targeted ADC                NHL (non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma)
                                                                                                                                 Combo



      Phase I/II
                                                                                                                                 Mono
                    MRG006A GPC3-targeted ADC               Solid tumor
                                                                                                                                 Combo

                                                                                                                                 Mono
                    MRG007 CDH17-targeted ADC       5
                                                            Solid tumor
                                                                                                                                 Mono                     U.S.




                                                            >2L Melanoma     3                                                   Mono
                    PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection)*
    Immuno-         Anti-PD-1 mAb                           >2L MSI-H/dMMR (high levels of microsatellite instability/
                                                                                                                                 Mono
                                                            deficient mismatch repair) solid tumors3
    Oncology

                    CTM012 T cell agonistic mAb 6           Solid tumor                                                          Mono




    Notes:

    1.                    * denotes the Core Products.

    2.                    Unless otherwise stated, the progress shown under the “Status” column refers to the clinical development progress of the relevant drug
                          candidate and combination therapy in China.

    3.                    In 2022, we obtained from the NMPA conditional marketing approval for PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection) on MSI-H/dMMR and
                          inoperable or metastatic melanoma, respectively. We are conducting confirmatory Phase lll clinical studies on the first-line MSI-H/dMMR
                          metastatic colorectal cancer and the first-line stage IV (M1c) melanoma respectively.

    4.                    In February 2023, KYM has entered into a global exclusive out-license agreement with AstraZeneca to grant an exclusive global license
                          for research, development, registration, manufacturing and commercialization of CMG901 to AstraZeneca. For details, please refer to the
                          Company’s announcements dated February 23, 2023 and April 15, 2024.

    5.                    On January 22, 2025, the Company has entered into an exclusive license agreement with ArriVent to grant an exclusive license to develop
                          and commercialize MRG007, globally excluding the Greater China Region. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
                          January 22, 2025.

    6.                    On August 1, 2025, the Company has entered into the Intellectual Property Assignment and Licence Agreement with Excalipoint. Pursuant
                          to this agreement, the global rights of CTM012 has been licensed to Excalipoint and the Company holds a 10% equity interest in
                          Excalipoint. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated August 1, 2025 and December 18, 2025.

    7.                    In October 2025, the Company obtained marketing approval for MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) on R/M NPC from the NMPA.




8                   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
Domestic commercialization & licensing transaction

During the Reporting Period, the Group recognized substantial revenue growth, recording a total revenue of
approximately RMB934.9 million, which was approximately 2.5 times of its revenue in 2024 at RMB367.8 million.


For domestic commercialization, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB501.0 million for the sales
of PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection) and MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection), marking a significant
increase of 66.8% from the sales recorded in 2024 (2024: RMB300.3 million). Meanwhile, MEIYOUHENG, the
newly launched product that obtained NMPA approval in October 2025, contributed preliminary revenue during
the reporting period, further enriching the Group’s commercial product portfolio and laying a solid foundation for
substantial growth.


For licensing activities, the Group has recognized approximately RMB424.2 million in revenue (2024: RMB22.0
million), primarily from the out-licensing of MRG007 and out-licensing of TCE assets. We remain committed to
advancing our global licensing strategy and actively carry out out-licensing collaborations. In January 2025, the
Company entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with ArriVent, pursuant to which the Company has granted
ArriVent exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize MRG007 outside of Greater China. Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company is eligible to receive up to US$1.2 billion in total upfront payment,
development, regulatory and sales milestones payments, on top of tiered royalties on net sales. In addition, on
August 1, 2025, the Company entered into a licensing transaction with Excalipoint for the license-out and/or
transfer of certain intellectual property rights relating to two pre-clinical assets developed by the Group’s proprietary
T cell engager-TOPAbody platform. The Company is eligible to receive an aggregate upfront cash payment of
US$10 million plus 10% of the enlarged issued capital of Excalipoint Cayman (to be issued to the Company’s
wholly-owned subsidiary), aggregate development and commercial milestone payments of up to US$847.5 million in
cash, and sales royalties at a tiered rate. These transactions demonstrate the Company’s growing expertise in global
partnership strategies, as it continues to accumulate experience in seeking strategic partners worldwide to advance
its pipeline assets across international markets.


In 2025, most notably, our FIC EGFR-targeted ADC MEIYOUHENG has obtained marketing approval in China.
Meanwhile, more of our drug candidates have entered the pivotal clinical stage, and treatment line advancement
was achieved through the development and optimization of combination therapy regimens. A description of the
progress made and the latest status in respect of the Group’s drug candidates for 2025 and up to the date of this
report is as follows:




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        9
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection)

 MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) is an ADC comprised of an EGFR-targeted mAb conjugated with the
 potent microtubulin disrupting payload MMAE via a vc linker. It binds specifically with high affinity to human EGFR
 on the surface of tumor cells, releases the potent payload upon internalization and lysosomal protease cleavage of
 the linker, and results in tumor cell death. In October 2025, becotatug vedotin received marketing approval from
 the NMPA for R/M NPC, making it the first EGFR-targeted ADC approved in China.


 －      NPC: The encouraging data of the pivotal Phase IIb clinical study for the treatment of R/M NPC was read
        out as LBA for oral presentation at the ASCO Congress 2025. As of June 30, 2024, becotatug vedotin
        demonstrated a significant improvement in PFS compared to chemotherapy, with median PFS of 5.82 months
        and 2.83 months respectively, and the risk of disease progression/death was reduced by 37%. Additionally,
        ORR was 30.2% in the becotatug vedotin group, as compared with 11.5% in the chemotherapy group. As
        of December 31, 2024, a favourable trend of OS has been noticeably observed in the becotatug vedotin
        group, with mOS of 17.08 months, as compared with 11.99 months in each of the two groups, while mOS
        is not mature.


        We are also conducting the Phase III clinical trial for combination therapy of MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug
        Vedotin Injection) with pucotenlimab for R/M NPC. The Phase II clinical trial of the combination therapy of
        becotatug vedotin with pucotenlimab, as of April 27, 2025, demonstrated significant and sustained clinical
        benefits in patients previously failing IO and platinum-based chemotherapy, with the cORR reaching 73.3%,
        cDCR reaching 93.3% and mPFS of 10.9 months; the mOS has not been reached, and the 12-month and
        18-month overall survival rates were 92.8% and 82.5%, respectively. These findings were presented at
        the 2025 ESMO Congress. Becotatug vedotin in combination with pucotenlimab was granted BTD by CDE
        in September 2025 for R/M NPC patients who failed at least one prior platinum-based therapy and PD/L1
        inhibitor therapy, with the potential to deliver an efficacious treatment option for this underserved patient
        population.


 －      HNSCC: As of December 31, 2025, we are conducting a randomized, open-label, multicenter Phase III clinical
        study on HNSCC.


        In terms of combination therapy with becotatug vedotin and pucotenlimab, we are currently conducting
        the Phase II clinical trial on HNSCC, which has moved to first-line treatment, and the encouraging data in
        phase II clinical trial were presented at the ESMO Congress 2025. As of February 28, 2025, the 2.0 mg/kg
        dose cohort achieved a CR rate of 4.8%, ORR of 47.6% and DCR of 95.2%. For the 2.3 mg/kg dose cohort,
        the ORR and DCR were 60% and 100%, respectively. The median PFS was 5.2 months for the 2.0 mg/kg
        dose cohort and immature for the 2.3 mg/kg dose cohort. We are also conducting the Phase II clinical trial
        targeting LA-HNSCC in Europe. Furthermore, we obtained IND approval from the CDE for the combination
        therapy of becotatug vedotin with pucotenlimab in China, which is intended to evaluate the efficacy and
        safety of this regimen in preoperative patients with LA-HNSCC prior to surgical intervention.




10   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CMG901

CMG901 is a CLDN18.2-targeting ADC comprising a CLDN18.2-specific antibody, a cleavable linker and a toxic
payload, MMAE. It is the first CLDN18.2 targeting ADC to have received IND clearance both in China and the U.S.
CLDN18.2 is selectively and widely expressed in GC, PC and other solid tumors, which makes it an ideal tumor
target for therapeutic development. It is being co-developed by us and Keymed through a joint venture, KYM. In
February 2023, AstraZeneca was granted the exclusive global license for the research, development, registration,
production, and commercialization of CMG901 (AZD0901). As of the date of this report, AstraZeneca has initiated
multiple clinical studies on CMG901 (AZD0901) for the treatment of advanced solid tumors, with indications
including GC, PC, and biliary tract cancer.


As of the date of this report, in addition to the above-mentioned clinical trials, AstraZeneca has also conducted
multiple clinical studies regarding sonesitatug vedotin (CMG901/AZD0901) for the treatment of advanced solid
tumors, targeting indications including gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer and biliary tract cancer (only trials at the
highest clinical phase are presented for the same indications):


(a)    A multi-center, open-label, sponsor-blinded, randomized Phase III clinical study to compare AZD0901
       monotherapy with investigator-choice regimen in adult subjects with advanced/metastatic gastric cancer
       or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with Claudin 18.2-expression who had previously received
       second or later-line treatment (CLARITY Gastric 01).


(b)    A multi-center, randomized, controlled Phase III clinical trial of Sonesitatug vedotin (AZD0901) in combination
       with capecitabine, with or without Rilvegostomig, as a first-line treatment for Claudin18.2-positive,
       HER2-negative advanced/metastatic gastric cancer, gastroesophageal junction cancer or esophageal
       adenocarcinoma (CLARITY-Gastric 02). In February 2026, the first patient in this clinical trial was dosed,
       which triggered a milestone payment of US$45 million in total. AstraZeneca has made the corresponding
       milestone payment.


(c)    An open-label, multi-drug, multi-center Phase II study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics
       and preliminary anti-tumor activity of a novel drug or a combination therapy as a perioperative treatment of
       subjects with locally advanced, resectable gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (GEMINI-PeriOp GC).


(d)    A Phase II, open-label, multi-center clinical study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, efficacy, pharmacokinetics
       and immunogenicity of AZD0901 monotherapy and in combination with anti-tumor drugs for the treatment
       of subjects with Claudin 18.2-expressing advanced solid tumors (including gastric cancer/gastroesophageal
       junction adenocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, biliary tract cancer) (CLARITY-PanTumour01).


－      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that CMG901 will ultimately
       be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors are
       advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     11
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 MRG004A

 MRG004A is a novel TF-targeted site-specifically conjugated ADC. We have completed the Phase I clinical study
 on solid tumors in China. In August 2025, we initiated the pivotal Phase III clinical trial of MRG004A, with the
 first patient enrollment completed in January 2026; it also received BTD designation from the CDE in the same
 month. The encouraging Phase Ib expansion data on PC were presented at the ESMO Congress 2025. As of
 February 10, 2025, for patients who had previously received 1L treatment, the ORR and DCR were 40.0% and
 80.0%, respectively, with corresponding mPFS and mOS of 5.8 months and 13.2 months. For those with prior
 ≥2L treatment, the ORR and DCR reached 18.5% and 70.4%, respectively, while the mPFS and mOS stood at 2.7
 months and 5.8 months. MRG004A is expected to offer a brand-new treatment option to patients with pancreatic
 cancer.


 －      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that the MRG004A will
        ultimately be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors
        are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.


 CG0070

 CG0070 is an oncolytic adenovirus for the treatment of BCG-unresponsive bladder cancer patients and is currently
 in a MRCT Phase III clinical study conducted by our U.S. partner, CG Oncology. The latest encouraging data
 observed have been orally presented as LBA at the 26th SUO Annual Meeting. As of September 1, 2025, 75.5% of
 patients achieved CR at any time after receiving treatment with CG0070 as monotherapy. CG0070 demonstrated
 HG-EFS at 3-, 6-, and 9-month of 95.7%, 84.6% and 80.4%, respectively, in HR BCG-unresponsive Ta/T1 Disease.


 We in-licensed CG0070 from CG Oncology and were granted the rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize
 it in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau. As of December 31, 2025 we have completed the Phase I clinical trial
 in China and have initiated patient enrollment for the domestic pivotal clinical trial. For the combination therapy of
 CG0070 with PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection), we received an IND approval from the NMPA for its Phase I
 trial in the treatment of patients with BCG-unresponsive NMIBC.


 In addition, CG0070 was granted BTD by the CDE in 2025 for the treatment of BCG unresponsive bladder cancer
 patients, which have relapsed or are refractory to prior approved therapies, and this designation signified the
 innovativeness and the potential of CG0070 to fulfill the unmet medical needs.


 －      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that CG0070 will ultimately be
        successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors are advised
        to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.




12   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MRG002

MRG002 is an innovative ADC targeting HER2, a molecular target abnormally over-expressed in many cancer types
including BC, UC and GC/GEJ. Our clinical development strategy for MRG002 in China aims at realizing the efficacy
potential of MRG002 in various prevalent malignancies, especially for second – or later-line systemic therapy of BC.
Registrational clinical trials in the aforementioned indications are ongoing. We are constantly exploring the potential
of MRG002 through its combination with immuno-oncology by conducting clinical studies which aim to target more
patients in early stage and provide more options to fulfill the unmet medical needs.


－      Monotherapy

       HER2 over-expressing BC: We have completed the pivotal Phase II clinical trial on HER2 over-expressed
       BC with liver metastasis in China and have observed encouraging data. As of December 31, 2025, we are
       conducting a Phase III clinical study on HER2-positive BC.


       －      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that the MRG002 will
              ultimately be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential
              investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.


MRG001

MRG001 is a clinically advancing CD20-targeted ADC which addresses the medical needs of B cell NHL patients
with either primary drug resistance to rituximab or acquired drug resistance to the combination therapy of rituximab
and standard chemotherapies. We have completed the Phase Ib dose expansion study of MRG001 in China and
have observed encouraging preliminary data on DLBCL. Meanwhile, the Phase II clinical study of MRG001 in
combination with BTK inhibitors for patients with DLBCL is ongoing, with interim data presented at the 67th ASH
Annual Meeting. As of August 31, 2025, the ORR and DCR among evaluable patients aged ≥18 years with ECOG
PS 0-2, histologically confirmed R/R DLBCL who had received at least one prior line of therapy-80.8% of whom had
received ≥2 prior lines of systemic therapy with a median of 3 lines – were 66.7% and 85.7%, respectively. The
mDoR reached 10.2 months, with an mPFS of 13.1 months for this patient population, and mOS was not reached.


－      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that MRG001 will ultimately
       be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors are
       advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   13
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 MRG006A

 MRG006A is a novel topoisomerase I inhibitor-based GPC-3 ADC candidate with global first-in-class potential,
 which has been developed based on our Hi-TOPi ADC platform. We are conducting the Phase II clinical trial for
 HCC in China. Moreover, we received IND clearance for MRG006A from the FDA, and the drug was granted FTD
 and ODD designations by the FDA. The encouraging data from the Phase I clinical study has been observed and
 is planned to be presented at the ASCO Congress 2026. In pre-clinical studies, MRG006A resulted in a robust
 and dose-dependent tumor growth inhibition on multiple CDX models and HCC PDX models. In the meantime,
 MRG006A also demonstrated good tolerability in the exploratory toxicology study.


 －      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that MRG006A will ultimately
        be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors are
        advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.


 MRG007

 MRG007 is a potential best-in-class ADC for the treatment of GI malignancies based on preclinical and IND enabling
 studies. We are currently conducting a Phase Ia clinical trial for the treatment of unresectable locally advanced or
 metastatic solid tumors. In March 2026, ArriVent, our partner completed FPI in the U.S.. From now on, we conduct
 the MRCT together. The pre-clinical data for MRG007, presented at the 2025 AACR Annual Meeting, showed
 promising clinical potential for the treatment of GI cancers.


 On January 22, 2025, the Company has entered into an exclusive license agreement with ArriVent to develop and
 commercialize MRG007. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has granted ArriVent exclusive rights to
 develop, manufacture and commercialize MRG007 outside of Greater China. The one-time upfront and near-term
 milestone payments amount to US$47 million and the Company is eligible to receive up to US$1.16 billion in
 development, regulatory and sales milestones and tiered royalties on net sales outside of Greater China. As of
 December 31, 2025, we have received the upfront payment.


 －      Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that MRG007 will ultimately
        be successfully developed and marketed by the Company. Shareholders and our potential investors are
        advised to exercise caution when dealing in the Shares.




14   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection)

－       PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection) is a humanized IgG4 mAb against human PD-1, which can antagonize
        the PD-1 signal to restore the capability of the immune cells to kill cancer cells through blocking PD-1
        binding to their ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2, and which has been commercialized for treating MSI-H/dMMR
        and inoperable or metastatic melanoma since the second half of 2022. In April 2023, two indications were
        included into the 2023 CSCO Guideline, which are pucotenlimab as ≥ second-line treatment of MSI-H/dMMR
        colorectal cancer and solid tumors, and pucotenlimab as second-line treatment of melanoma. Moreover,
        Pucotenlimab for treatment of advanced and recurrent MSI-H/dMMR gynecological cancer was included into
        the 2023 CSGO Guideline. Pucotenlimab demonstrated robust antitumor activity in patients (pts) with MSI-H/
        dMMR, based on findings from the phase II study, and we presented the long-term survival results and the
        updated safety profile at the ASCO Annual Meeting 2025.


        o     MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors: We are conducting an open label, multi-center and randomized Phase
              III clinical trial on the first-line MSI-H/dMMR metastatic colorectal cancer as a confirmatory clinical
              study for the conditional marketing approval as of December 31, 2025.


        o     Melanoma: We are conducting an open label, multi-center and randomized Phase III clinical trial on
              the first-line treatment of subjects with stage IV (M1c) melanoma as a confirmatory clinical study for
              the conditional marketing approval as of December 31, 2025.


Innovation Platforms

We continuously strive to build up and develop novel technology platforms as innovative engines for the Company.
We have developed multiple innovative linker-payload platforms for ADC drug candidates, including the Hi-TOPi
ADC platform and other early-stage platforms. During the Reporting Period, our innovative ADC platforms have
achieved significant progress. Leveraging these innovative platforms, we have generated two ADC candidates, which
are MRG006A with global first-in-class potential and MRG007 with global best-in-class potential. Both candidates
have demonstrated robust and reproducible pre-clinical efficacy with a well-tolerated safety profile, and have
successfully received IND approvals in China with rapid clinical initiation. Pre-clinical data of MRG007 was presented
at the AACR Annual Meeting in April 2025. Furthermore, we plan to present preclinical data of one bispecific ADC
drug candidate and one novel immune-oncology fusion protein candidate at the AACR Annual Meeting in April
2026.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   15
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 －      Hi-TOPi ADC platform: The Hi-TOPi ADC platform is featured by: (i) Linker designed with optimal
        hydrophilicity to ensure robust developability and favorable druggability, which is highly stable in circulation
        and efficient in intracellular payload release; (ii) Payload, which has good potency when compared to
        competitors (it is not a substate for Pgp, and therefore it has a great potential of overcoming drug
        resistance); (iii) ADCs utilizing the novel linker-payload have demonstrated strong anti-tumor activity in PDX
        of multiple tumor types and also shown excellent safety profile and good tolerance in monkeys; and (iv)
        improved therapeutic window.


        Using the novel linker-payload platform, we have developed MRG006A, which is an ADC candidate with
        global first-in-class potential and is currently undergoing Phase II clinical trial in China.


        －      Bispecific ADC: By harnessing bispecific ADC technology to co-engage targets A and B, BsAb ADCs
               can significantly expand therapeutic reach across key indications, including lung cancer, CRC and
               beyond.
        －      Next generation PD-1: PD-1 × cytokine bispecific antibodies are designed to overcome both primary
               and acquired resistance to existing PD-1 therapies. Anchored by the PD-1-plus immuno-oncology
               platform, this approach has the potential to markedly improve ORR and extend OS. It spans a wide
               spectrum of tumor types and may offer meaningful survival benefits when combined with ADCs,
               translating into meaningful survival gains for patients.


        －      T cell engager platform: Our T cell engager platform – TOPAbody – is characterized by (i)
               simultaneous activation of both TCR signaling and the co-stimulatory pathway, intended to unlock the
               full potential of T cells, and (ii) restricted activity within the tumor microenvironment.


 Manufacturing Facilities

 We have been operating a 2,000L GMP-compliant bioreactor production line at our Beijing manufacturing plant,
 which mainly supports the production of clinical drug supply, offers CDMO production services and enables
 continuous process optimization for the approved drug. During the Reporting Period, we have recognized RMB9.6
 million in revenue from the provision of CDMO services.


 In addition, the manufacturing facilities in the Shanghai Biotech Park have a designed total capacity of 12,000L,
 and has obtained the environmental impact assessment report for the production of mAb and ADC. Going forward,
 we will continue to build or expand our manufacturing facilities based on our business needs arising from the
 commercialization of our ADC candidates.




16   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


KEY EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Development Progress of our Drug Candidates After the Reporting Period

－      CDE IND Approval of MRG006A for First-Line HCC Combination Therapy

       In February 2026, MRG006A obtained IND approval from the CDE for the first-line treatment of HCC in
       combination therapy with Pucotenlimab and Avastin, providing a new therapeutic option for the patients
       with HCC.


－      MRG007 entered Phase Ib expansion clinical trial in the U.S.

       In March 2026, the Company’s partner, ArriVent, completed FPI in the U.S. From now on, we conduct the
       MRCT together.


－      CDE IND Approval for the combination therapy of MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) for
       Neoadjuvant therapy for resectable LA-HNSCC Phase II Trial

       In March 2026, we obtained the IND approval from CDE for the combination therapy of becotatug vedotin
       with pucotenlimab, which is the Phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of
       Neoadjuvant therapy in resectable LA-HNSCC patients prior to surgery.


Continuing Connected Transactions with Lepu Medical

The Company has entered into a framework agreement with Lepu Medical in respect of the provision of
CDMO technical services by the Company and/or its subsidiaries to Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries for their
development of GLP-1 and related products on November 28, 2025. The annual cap with respect to the provision of
CDMO services for the year ending December 31, 2026 is RMB18.2 million.


On even date, the Company also entered into another framework agreement with Lepu Medical in respect of the
procurement of raw materials and supplementary materials for clinical trials, pharmaceutical products, biological
sample test services for clinical trials, products for employee welfare and other services by the Group from Lepu
Medical and/or its subsidiaries and/or associates. The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2026 is RMB12.0
million.


For further details of the aforementioned continuing connected transaction with Lepu Medical, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated November 28, 2025.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   17
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Completion of the H Share Full Circulation

 The conversion of 54,268,364 unlisted shares of the Company into H shares of the Company was completed on July
 21, 2025, and listing of such converted H Shares commenced at 9:00 a.m. on July 22, 2025 on the Stock Exchange.
 Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated July 21, 2025 for further details.


 Adoption of the RSU Scheme

 On December 18, 2025, the Company obtained Shareholders’ approval at the 2025 second extraordinary general
 meeting for the RSU Scheme. The RSU Scheme is intended to attract, motivate and retain key personnel by granting
 restricted share units to eligible employees and Directors (excluding independent non-executive Directors) of the
 Group, subject to vesting conditions, performance targets and clawback provisions as set out in the scheme rules.


 The Shareholders also approved a cap limiting the total number of new Shares that may be issued under the RSU
 Scheme and any other share incentive plans to 5% of the Company’s total number of Shares (excluding Treasury
 Shares, if any).


 For further details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated November 28, 2025, the
 circular dated November 28, 2025 and poll results announcement dated December 18, 2025.


 FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
 The Company is an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company focusing on oncology therapeutics, dedicated to
 promoting the technological advancement of innovative ADCs in China to better serve the unmet medical needs
 of cancer patients. Looking ahead to 2026, we plan to leverage our competitive advantages through the following
 development strategies:


 In respect of drug R&D, we strive to enrich our differentiated marketed product portfolio targeting indications
 with significant medical needs by combining our independent R&D capability with strategic collaborations. We will
 further focus on advancing strategic research and development priorities in next generation ADC drugs and IO bi/
 tri specific antibodies, while accelerating the commercialization of late-stage products. Moreover, our key drug
 candidates are entering pivotal clinical stages. MRG004A is currently enrolling patients in Phase III clinical trials. In
 addition, we have initiated patient enrollment for the domestic pivotal clinical trial of CG0070. We will also work
 expeditiously to progress our other innovative drug candidates, including MRG006A and MRG007, to the pivotal
 clinical stage. Concurrently, the potential efficacy of combination therapies within our pipeline is being continuously
 explored, with greater clinical benefits striving to be delivered to a broader patient population.




18   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In terms of domestic commercialization, we have successfully commercialized PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection)
through our own sales channels, which further validates our sales strategy and business model. In addition, for
MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection), NMPA has granted marketing approval in China. We will continue to
concentrate our resources and endeavour to drive the commercialization process, focusing on enhancing market
uptake and sales performance of our approved products. We will take further actions to enhance the market
accessibility of these two products, accelerating market penetration at all levels to further increase market share.
By leveraging the expertise and industry connections of our commercialization team, we will seek to foster our
brand’s image and market knowledge of our product through various methods, such as marketing and academic
activities. At the same time, we will refine our commercialization strategies in light of real-world sales performance
of MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) and focus on driving top-line revenue growth, leveraging our fully
scaled-up marketing and commercialization teams. We believe that the enhancement of our efforts in terms of
market outreach will translate into better market access, increased market share and increases in the sales of our
commercialized product and our brand in general, thereby laying a solid market and channel foundation for the
future commercialization of our drug candidates.


On the international front, we will ramp up our efforts to expand into the global market. Our ADC platform has
been endorsed by multinational companies, evidenced by the successful out-licensing of CMG901’s global rights
to AstraZeneca and MRG007’s ex-Greater China rights to ArriVent. We expect our drug candidates to have more
promising business development opportunities. Going forward, we will persist in expanding our international
network and exploring new business development cooperation opportunities. We remain committed to seeking
more strategic partners worldwide to develop our ADC products and other innovative candidates through
partnerships, licensing agreements, or joint ventures.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

For the year ended December 31, 2025, we have achieved a significant growth in revenue, recording approximately
RMB934.9 million (2024: RMB367.8 million), which is approximately 2.5 times of that in 2024 and consists of (i)
RMB501.0 million from the sales of our commercialized products, including the sales of PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab
Injection) and MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection), marking a significant increase of 66.8% from the
sales recorded in 2024 (2024: RMB300.3 million); (ii) RMB424.2 million from BD activities, primarily including the
out-licensing of MRG007 and the out-licensing of TCE assets; and (iii) RMB9.6 million (2024: RMB45.5 million) from
the provision of CDMO services.


Cost of sales

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has recorded cost of sales of RMB89.6 million (2024: RMB74.8
million), representing an increase of 19.7%, which was in line with the growth in revenue.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   19
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Selling and Marketing Expenses

 For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has recorded selling and marketing expenses of RMB240.3
 million (2024: RMB146.0 million), which was in line with the growth in domestic commercialization during the
 Reporting Period.


 Administrative Expenses

 Our administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses relating to our administrative staff;
 (ii) depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily representing depreciation expenses for right-of-use assets and
 property, plant and equipment; and (iii) others, mainly representing utilities as well as traveling and transportation
 expenses.


 Our administrative expenses increased from RMB91.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB114.1
 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to (i) an increase in depreciation and property taxes
 following the completion and operation of Shanghai Biotech Park in 2024 and (ii) an increase in professional fees
 and service fees.


 Research and Development Expenses

 Our research and development expenses primarily consist of (i) clinical study related expenses; (ii) pre-clinical study
 costs; (iii) raw materials and consumables used in pre-clinical and clinical studies; (iv) employee benefit expenses
 (mainly including wages, salaries and bonuses and share-based payment expenses) relating to our research and
 development staff; (v) depreciation and amortization expenses for property, plant and equipment as well as
 amortization expenses for intangible assets such as intellectual properties; and (vi) other expenses. Our research and
 development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 were RMB400.7 million (2024: RMB437.7 million).


 The following table sets forth the components of our research and development expenses for the years indicated.


                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                               2025                                2024
                                                      RMB’000                   %          RMB’000                  %

 Clinical study related expenses                       181,149               45.2          184,604               42.2
 Pre-clinical study costs                                34,391                8.6           41,688                9.5
 Raw material and consumables used                       41,265              10.3            34,689                7.9
 Employee benefit expenses                               76,945              19.2            95,698              21.9
 Depreciation and amortization                           56,224              14.0            67,475              15.4
 Others                                                  10,734                2.7           13,543                3.1
 Total                                                 400,708                100          437,697                100




20   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(i)     Clinical study related expenses decreased by RMB3.5 million as compared to the year ended December 31,
        2024;


(ii)    Pre-clinical study costs decreased by approximately RMB7.3 million, primarily because certain of the Group’s
        drug candidates progressed from the pre-clinical stage to the clinical stage, while newly initiated drug
        candidates remained at early stages with relatively lower associated costs;


(iii)   Raw material and consumables expenses increased by approximately RMB6.6 million, mainly due to the
        increase in the consumption of raw materials for the CMC research of the Group’s core ADC drug candidates
        at the NDA stage;


(iv)    Employee benefit expense decreased by approximately RMB18.8 million, primarily because of the continuous
        process optimization for the approved drug, which led to the capitalization of related expense;


(v)     Depreciation and amortization costs decreased by approximately RMB11.3 million, primarily due to the
        reason explained in (iv);


(vi)    Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased by approximately RMB2.8 million as
        compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.


Fair Value Changes on Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

We had fair value loss on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss of RMB31.4 million and fair value
gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB0.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2025. Our financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss represent the variable part of the consideration
arising from the acquisition of 40% equity interests of Taizhou Hanzhong from non-controlling interest, being a
certain portion of future annual net sales revenue of relevant PD-1 products.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our fair value changes on financial assets and financial liabilities at
fair value through profit or loss for the periods indicated.


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                 (31,361)            5,077
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          112                    –
Total                                                                                      (31,249)            5,077




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       21
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Finance Income and Finance Costs

 Our finance income primarily represents our bank interest income and foreign exchange gain. Our finance costs
 primarily consist of interest costs on lease liabilities and borrowings.


 Our finance income increased from RMB6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB12.3 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2025, mainly due to an increase in foreign currency exchange gain. Our finance costs
 increased from RMB23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB29.3 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2025, due to the completion and operation of Shanghai Biotech Park in 2024, which resulted in its
 loan interest no longer being capitalized.


 Income Tax Expenses

 For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s income tax expenses were RMB1.8 million (for the year ended
 December 31, 2024: nil).


 Profit for the Reporting Period

 Based on the factors described above, the Group recorded a profit of RMB258.9 million in 2025, representing a
 turnaround from a loss of RMB424.2 million in 2024, primarily attributable to the significant growth in revenue
 generated from domestic commercialization and expansion of licensing activities.


 Adjusted Net Loss (Non-IFRS Measure) for the Reporting Period

 To supplement our consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance with International Financial
 Reporting Standards（“IFRS”）, we also use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the year (defined below) as an
 additional financial measure, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe that the
 presentation of this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of operating performance from period to period and
 company to company by eliminating potential impact of non-recurring income related to our investment that is
 non-operating in nature. However, the use of non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not
 be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial conditions as
 reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS financial measure may be defined differently from similar terms used
 by other companies.


 For the Reporting Period, we define “adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measures) for the year” as profit or loss for the
 year after deducting net gains on reclassification of investment in an associate using equity method to financial
 asset at fair value which is item that is not in the financial results for the previous financial year. For the year ended
 December 31, 2025, our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the year was approximately RMB30.6 million (for
 the year ended December 31, 2024: approximately RMB424.2 million).




22   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth the reconciliations of our non-IFRS financial measure for the years ended December
31, 2025 and 2024 to the nearest measure prepared in accordance with IFRS:


                                                                                    Year ended December 31

                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

Profit/(Loss for the year)                                                              258,886          (424,193)
Deduct:
Net gains on reclassification of investment in
  an associate using equity method to financial
  asset at fair value                                                                   289,442                     –
Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the year                                        (30,556)        (424,193)


Liquidity and Financial Resources

Our primary use of cash is to fund our research and development activities and support our commercialization
activities. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our net cash in operating cash flow was broadly balanced and
our net cash used in operating activities was RMB12.2 million, a decrease of RMB184.2 million from RMB196.4
million as of December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents was approximately
RMB853.0 million, which was more than double of the amount as of December 31, 2024 (approximately RMB401.3
million) as a result of our rapid growth in revenue.


The main sources of the Group’s liquidity are: (i) our operating activities, including domestic commercialization by
our sales team, and licensing collaboration with strategic partners worldwide; (ii) equity financing; and (iii) bank
borrowings.


Our bank borrowings are divided into secured loans and unsecured loans. As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s
bank borrowings amounted to RMB1,031.9 million (December 31, 2024: RMB794.4 million), among which
unsecured and unguaranteed bank borrowings amounted to RMB831.7 million (December 31, 2024: RMB534.1
million) in total with interest at fixed and floating interest rates, among which RMB676.2 million of such borrowing
will be repayable within one year.


As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s secured and unguaranteed bank borrowings amounted to RMB200.1 million
(December 31, 2024: RMB260.3 million) in total which bear interest at floating interest rates. Such bank borrowings
are repayable by instalments and will mature in September 2027 and are secured by the Group’s land use rights,
buildings and facilities.


As of December 31, 2025, we had utilized RMB1,181.1 million from our banking facilities and RMB568.9 million
remained unutilized under our banking facilities.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       23
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Proceeds from the 2024 Placing and the usage plan

 References are made to the announcements of the Company dated May 17, 2024 and May 24, 2024. The Company
 placed 51,170,000 H Shares to certain placees through placing agents at the placing price of HK$4.58 per H Share
 under its general mandate. After deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including placing commission, legal
 fees and levies, the net proceeds raised amounted to approximately HK$229.75 million (equivalent to approximately
 RMB209.2 million). The net proceeds from the 2024 Placing will be used as to (i) approximately 70% (being
 HK$160.83 million or RMB146.4 million) for the research and development, clinical trials, registration filings and
 other workstreams of the Company’s ADC product candidates; (ii) approximately 20% (being HK$45.95 million or
 RMB41.8 million) for the clinical trials and other workstreams of the Company’s oncolytic virus product candidate
 CG0070; and (iii) approximately 10% (being HK$22.98 million or RMB20.9 million) to replenish the Company’s
 working capital and for general corporate purposes.


 As of December 31, 2025, approximately RMB146.4 million of the proceeds has been used for the research and
 development, clinical trials, registration filings and other workstreams of the Company’s ADC product candidates,
 RMB5.3 million has been used for the clinical trials and other workstreams of CG0070 and RMB19.9 million of the
 proceeds has been used to replenish the Company’s working capital and for general corporate purposes.


 Placing of new Shares under general mandate in 2025

 References are made to the announcements of the Company dated July 4, 2025, and July 11, 2025, respectively.
 The Company placed 93,825,000 Shares to certain placees through placing agents at the placing price of HK$5.02
 per Share. Completion of the 2025 Placing took place on July 11, 2025.


 Proceeds from the 2025 Placing and the usage plan

 After deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including placing commission, legal fees and levies, the net
 proceeds raise amounted to approximately HK$462.94 million (equivalent to approximately RMB421.5 million). The
 net proceeds from the 2025 Placing will be used as to (i) approximately 20% (being HK$92.59 million or RMB84.3
 million) for the commercialization and marketing of the Company’s core product MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin
 Injection); (ii) approximately 60% (being HK$277.76 million or RMB252.9 million) for advancing clinical trials of
 core products of the Company; and (iii) approximately 20% (being HK$92.59 million or RMB84.3 million) for the
 research and development of new product pipelines.


 As of December 31, 2025, approximately RMB16.9 million of the proceeds has been used for advancing clinical
 trials of core products of the Company and RMB10.7 million of the proceeds has been used for the research and
 development of new product pipelines.




24   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gearing Ratio

The gearing ratio is calculated using the Group’s liabilities divided by its assets. As of December 31, 2025, the
Group’s gearing ratio was 56.0% (December 31, 2024: 70.1%).


Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

The Group did not have any other significant investments or material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2025.


Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets

As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any future plans for material investments and capital assets.


Capital Commitments

As of December 31, 2025, the Group had capital commitments for property, plant and equipment of RMB439.0
million (December 31, 2024: RMB456.8 million), reflecting the capital expenditure of our Group contracted at the
end of the year but not yet incurred.


Contingent Liabilities

As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.


Charges on Group Assets

Save as disclosed in this report, as of December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any charges over its assets.


Foreign Exchange Exposure

Our financial statements are expressed in RMB, but certain of our Group’s subsidiaries in PRC are exposed to foreign
exchange risks arising from recognized financial liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. We currently do not
have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, our management manages foreign exchange risks by performing
regular reviews and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   25
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Employees and Remuneration

 As of December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 710 employees (As of December 31, 2024: 498). The total
 remuneration cost for 2025 was RMB242.0 million, as compared to RMB211.9 million for 2024, primarily due to an
 increase in the expansion of the sales team.


 To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, the Group provides regular and specialized
 trainings tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments, including regular training sessions
 conducted by senior employees or third-party consultants covering various aspects of our business operations, for
 our employees to stay up to date with both industry developments and skills and technologies. The Group also
 organizes workshops from time to time to discuss specific topics.


 We provide various incentives and benefits to our employees. We offer competitive remuneration packages to our
 employees to effectively motivate our business development team. We participate in various social security plans
 (including housing provident fund, pension insurance, medical insurance, maternity insurance and work-related
 injury insurance and unemployment insurance) for our employees in accordance with applicable PRC laws.


 On December 18, 2025, we have adopted the RSU Scheme. The RSU Scheme is intended to attract, motivate and
 retain key personnel by granting restricted share units to eligible employees and Directors (excluding independent
 non-executive directors) of the Group, subject to vesting conditions, performance targets, and clawback provisions
 as set out in the scheme rules.


 For further details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated November 28, 2025,
 circular dated November 28, 2025 and poll results announcement dated December 18, 2025.


 OTHER INFORMATION
 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

 The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code and has
 complied with all applicable code provisions for the year ended December 31, 2025.


 Model Code for Securities Transactions

 The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the
 Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, each of them has
 confirmed that he/she has complied with the Model Code for the year ended December 31, 2025. No incident of
 non-compliance with the Model Code by the employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information of
 the Company was noted by the Company.




26   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) during the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the
Company did not hold any of treasury shares.


Final Dividend

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 (for the
year ended December 31, 2024: nil).


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
On the Listing Date, the Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange, and on March 17, 2022, the
over-allotment option granted as part of the Global Offering was partially exercised. The net proceeds received by
the Group from the initial public offering of the Company (after deducting underwriting fee and relevant listing
expenses and taking into account the net proceeds from the over-allotment option) amounted to approximately
HK$810.42 million (equivalent to approximately RMB657.61 million).


The net proceeds from the Listing (pro-rata adjustment based on the actual net proceeds) have been and will be
used in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The following table sets forth the planned use of
the net proceeds and the actual use as at December 31, 2025:




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   27
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                                                      Utilized                          Unutilized
                                                                                   Percentage       Allocation     amount as      Utilized amount      amount as
                                                                                   of total net         of net    at December           during the    at December
 Proposed use                                                                        proceeds        proceeds         31, 2025    Reporting Period        31, 2025
                                                                                                  (RMB million)   (RMB million)       (RMB million)   (RMB million)

 a)      To fund our Core Products                                                     68.51%           450.57          444.33               31.27            6.24
         •     To be used for MRG003                                                   23.00%           151.28          151.28                22.9               –
               － To fund the clinical development and preparation for
                     registration filings of MRG003                                    19.27%           126.75          126.75               22.82               –
               － To fund the manufacturing of MRG003                                    3.73%            24.53           24.53                0.08               –
         •     To be used for MRG002                                                   22.01%           144.74          144.74                   –               –
               － To fund the clinical development and preparation for
                     registration filings of MRG002                                    18.65%           122.66          122.66                   –               –
               － To fund the manufacturing of MRG002                                    3.36%            22.08           22.08                   –               –
         •     To be used for HX008                                                    16.17%           106.30          106.30                   –               –
               － To fund the clinical development and preparation for
                     registration filings of HX008                                      7.46%            49.06           49.06                   –               –
               － To fund the manufacturing of HX008                                     6.22%            40.89           40.89                   –               –
               － To fund the commercialization of HX008                                 2.49%            16.35           16.35                   –               –
         •     To fund the clinical development and preparation for registration
               filings of LP002                                                         1.24%             8.18            8.18                   –               –
         •     To be used to fund the planned clinical development and other
               development activities of the combination therapies of HX008
               and LP002 with our other products including MRG003, MRG002
               and CG0070                                                               6.09%            40.07           33.83                8.37            6.24
 b)      To fund our other key clinical-stage drug candidates and our key pre-
         clinical drug candidates                                                       6.35%             41.7            41.7                2.44               –
         •     Ongoing pre-clinical studies and planned clinical trials for the
               pre-clinical drug candidates in our pipeline                             0.62%             4.09            4.09                   –               –
         •     To fund the clinical development and preparation for registration
               filings of CG0070                                                        1.87%            12.27           12.27                1.64               –
         •     To fund the clinical development and preparation for registration
               filings of MRG001                                                        1.87%            12.27           12.27                   –               –
         •     To fund the clinical development and preparation for registration
               filings of MRG004A                                                       1.87%            12.27           12.27                   –               –
         •     To fund, through our contribution to KYM, the clinical
               development and preparation for registration filings of CMG901           0.12%             0.80            0.80                0.80               –
 c)      To acquire potential technologies and assets and expand our pipeline
         of drug candidates and to fulfill our continuous payment obligation
         under our acquisition of HX008 from HanX                                      15.79%           103.85          103.85                   –               –
 d)      For general corporate purposes                                                 9.35%            61.49           61.49                   –               –
 Total                                                                                   100%           657.61          651.37               33.71            6.24




28       Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The small remaining unutilized amount of net proceeds from the Listing is expected to be used by December 31,
2026.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
Use of Proceeds from the 2024 Placing

References are made to the announcements of the Company dated May 17, 2024 and May 24, 2024, respectively.


The Company placed 51,170,000 H Shares in aggregate at the price of HK$4.58 per Share under its general
mandate (the “2024 Placing”）to not less than six placees who were professional, institutional and/or other
investors. The closing price was HK$4.95 per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the placing
agreement. Completion of the Placing took place on May 24, 2024. Based on the nominal value of RMB1.00 per
H Share, the aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares is RMB51,170,000. The Directors considered that
the 2024 Placing would strengthen the liquidity and financial position of the Group, and that the Placing was
undertaken to further enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the Company, optimize the capital structure of the
Company, and support the healthy and sustainable development of the Company. For further details, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated May 17, 2024 and May 24, 2024.


After deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including placing commission, legal fees and levies, the net
proceeds raised amounted to approximately HK$229.75 million (equivalent to approximately RMB209.18 million).
The table below sets out the actual usage up to December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                                    Utilized
                                                                                                    Utilized        amount         Unutilized
                                                                Percentage       Allocation    amount as at      during the     amount as at
                                                               of total net          of net    December 31,       Reporting     December 31,
Proposed use                                                      proceeds        proceeds             2025           Period            2025
                                                             (Approximately)   (RMB million)    (RMB million)   (RMB million)    (RMB million)

i)   To be used for the R&D, clinical trials, registration
     filings and other workstreams of the Company’s
     ADC product candidates                                         70.00%           146.43           146.37          121.80             0.06
ii) To be used for the clinical trials and other
     workstreams of CG0070                                          20.00%            41.84             5.33            5.33            36.51
iii) To replenish the Company’s working capital and for
     general corporate purposes                                     10.00%            20.92            19.87               –             1.05
Total                                                                 100%           209.18           171.57          127.13            37.62


The unutilized amount of net proceeds from the Placing is expected to be used by December 31, 2026.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.             29
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Use of Proceeds from the 2025 Placing

 References are made to the announcements of the Company dated July 4, 2025 and July 11, 2025, respectively.


 The Company placed 93,825,000 H Shares in aggregate at the price of HK$5.02 per Share under its general
 mandate (the “2025 Placing”）to not less than six placees who were professional, institutional and/or other
 investors. The closing price was HK$5.38 per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the placing
 agreement. Completion of the Placing took place on July 11, 2025. Based on the nominal value of RMB1.00 per
 H Share, the aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares is RMB93,825,000. The Directors considered that
 the Placing would strengthen the liquidity and financial position of the Group, and that the 2025 Placing was
 undertaken to further enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the Company, optimize the capital structure of the
 Company, and support the healthy and sustainable development of the Company. For further details, please refer
 to the announcements of the Company dated July 4, 2025 and July 11, 2025.


 After deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including placing commission, legal fees and levies, the net
 proceeds raised amounted to approximately HK$462.94 million (equivalent to approximately RMB421.53 million).
 The table below sets out the actual usage up to December 31, 2025:


                                                                                                                  Utilized
                                                                                                  Utilized        amount         Unutilized
                                                              Percentage       Allocation    amount as at      during the     amount as at
                                                             of total net          of net    December 31,       Reporting     December 31,
 Proposed use                                                   proceeds        proceeds             2025           Period            2025
                                                           (Approximately)   (RMB million)    (RMB million)   (RMB million)    (RMB million)

 i)   To be used for the commercialization and marketing
      of the Company’s core product MEIYOUHENG
      (Becotatug Vedotin Injection)                               20.00%            84.31                –               –            84.31


 ii) To be used for advancing clinical trials of core
      products of the Company                                     60.00%           252.91            16.88           16.88           236.03
 iii) To be used for the research and development of
      new product pipelines                                       20.00%            84.31            10.67           10.67            73.64
 Total                                                              100%           421.53            27.55           27.55           393.98


 The unutilized amount of net proceeds from the Placing is expected to be used by December 31, 2026.




30    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
 BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

DIRECTORS
Executive Directors

Dr. Pu Zhongjie (蒲忠傑) (“Dr. Pu”) aged 63, is the founder and Controlling Shareholder of the Group, serving
as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board, director and the chairman of the board of Taizhou Aoke,
executive director of Lepu Beijing.


In addition to his position in the Group, Dr. Pu has consecutively held positions with Lepu Medical as its director,
chief technology officer, general manager, vice chairman of the board and chairman of the board since June 1999
and is currently the chief technology officer and chairman of the board of Lepu Medical. Dr. Pu also serves as an
executive director of Beijing Tiandi Harmony Technology Co., Ltd. (北京天地和協科技有限公司), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Lepu Medical engaging in the medical device business since November 1999.


Further, Dr. Pu has been serving as an executive director and the general manager of Beijing Puping Tiancheng
Investment Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京普平天成投資管理顧問有限公司), a company ultimately owned
by Dr. Pu as to 100% and licensed to conduct investment consulting business. In addition, Dr. Pu has also been
serving as an executive director and the general manager of Huarui Zongheng (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (華
瑞縱橫(北京)科技有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC and wholly owned by Dr. Pu
since November 2013, an executive director and the general manager of Beijing Houde Yimin since May 2014, an
executive director and the general manager of Ningbo Houde Yimin, a company wholly owned by Beijing Houde
Yimin, since March 2017, and an independent director of Beijing Jinyi Culture Development Joint Stock Company (北
京金一文化發展股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002721), from June
2019 to December 2020. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. Pu served as deputy general manager of technology
department of U.S. WP Medical Technologies, Inc. from November 1998 to June 1999.


Dr. Pu obtained a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering in metal materials from Xi’an Jiaotong University (西
安交通大學) in the PRC in 1983, a master’s degree in metal materials from Xi’an Jiaotong University (西安交通大學)
in the PRC in 1985, and a doctoral degree in metal materials from Central Iron & Steel Research Institute (鋼鐵研究
總院) in the PRC in July 1990. Dr. Pu is the father of Ms. Pu Jue, a non-executive Director.


Dr. Sui Ziye (隋滋野) (“Dr. Sui”), aged 46, is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company,
a director of Taizhou Aoke, an executive director of CtM Bio, and the general manager of Lepu Beijing. In addition,
Dr. Sui also served as a director of HealSun Biopharma, a company owned by us as to 5.51% as at the Latest
Practicable Date, from March 2020 to September 2023. In addition, Dr. Sui served as a non-executive director of
Star Combo Pharma Limited, a company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (stock code: S66), from June 2018
to August 2022. Dr. Sui has nearly eighteen years of managerial experience in the pharmaceutical sector.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   31
 BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Sui held several positions in Lepu Medical and its subsidiaries, including an
 international sales & marketing manager and a vice president of Lepu Medical from April 2007 to January 2020, a
 CEO of Comed BV from March 2012 to May 2015, a CEO of Beijing Lepu Hushengtang Technology Co., Ltd. (北京
 樂普護生堂網絡科技有限公司) from April 2015 to December 2019, an executive director of Beijing Star GK Medical
 Device Co., Ltd. (北京思達醫用裝置有限公司) from October 2017 to January 2020, the chairman of the board
 of Zhongcheng Healthcare Industrial (Hainan) Co., Ltd. (中鋮健康產業(海南)股份有限公司), previously known as
 Hainan Mingshengda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南明盛達藥業有限公司), from June 2015 to January 2020 and a
 director of Beijing Quinovare Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京快舒爾醫療技術有限公司) from September 2016 to
 July 2020.


 Dr. Sui obtained a bachelor’s degree in medical science from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 2001
 and a doctoral degree from University of Rochester in the U.S. in March 2007.


 Non-executive Directors

 Ms. Pu Jue (蒲珏) (“Ms. Pu”), aged 37, is a non-executive Director. In addition to her position in the Group, she
 leads international business development for Lepu Medical since April 2015, with successful investments including
 Viralytics Limited (acquired by Merck in February 2018).


 As at the Latest Practicable Date, Ms. Pu serves as a director of Rgenix Inc. which develops leading immunotherapy
 cancer treatment agents, since October 2018 and a director of CG Oncology which develops oncolytic virus for the
 treatment of bladder cancer, since March 2019. As Ms. Pu is not involved in the daily management and operation of
 the Company as a non-executive Director, and of Rgenix Inc. and CG Oncology as an investor board representative,
 the directorships held by Ms. Pu would not give rise to any material competition issue under Rule 8.10 of the Listing
 Rules.


 Ms. Pu obtained bachelor’s degrees in both economics and engineering from the Wharton School of the University
 of Pennsylvania in the U.S. in May 2012 and a master’s degree in material engineering from Stanford University in
 the U.S. in June 2013. Ms. Pu is the daughter of Dr. Pu.


 Ms. Qin Yiran (秦怡然) (“Ms. Qin”), aged 35, is the investment director of Hainan Shiyu Private Equity
 Management Co., Ltd. (海南拾玉私募基金管理有限公司) (“Hainan Shiyu”).


 From July 2018 to September 2020, Ms. Qin served as business manager at Zhongguancun Science-Tech Leasing
 Co., Ltd. (中關村科技租賃股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 1601). After joining
 Hainan Shiyu in September 2020, Ms. Qin has served as an analyst and investment manager.


 Ms. Qin received her doctor’s degree in biology from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in the PRC in July 2018.




32   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
    BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhou Demin (周德敏) (“Mr. Zhou”), aged 59, is an independent non-executive Director. In addition to his
position in the Group, Mr. Zhou served consecutively as professor, deputy dean and dean of Peking University
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences from September 2008 to July 2023 and is an independent director of North
China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (華北製藥集團有限責任公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 600812) since May 2019. Mr. Zhou also serves as an independent director of Chengdu Kanghong
Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (成都康弘藥業集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange (stock code: 002773) since August 2023 and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou Jiuyuan
Genetic Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (杭州九源基因生物醫藥股份有限公司), previously known as Hangzhou Jiuyuan
Gene Engineering Co., Ltd. (杭州九源基因工程股份有限公司), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(stock code: 2566) since November 2024.


Mr. Zhou obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemistry and a doctoral degree in science from Peking University Health
Science Centre (北京醫科大學) in the PRC in July 1990 and June 1996 respectively.


Mr. Yang Haifeng (楊海峰) (“Mr. Yang”), aged 49, is an independent non-executive Director. In addition to his
position in the Group, Mr. Yang is the head of managing committee of Silkroad Law Firm (錦路律師事務所) since
June 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Yang served as a director of legal and risk department of CCB International Asset
Management Limited (建銀國際資產管理有限公司) from July 2009 to June 2011, and a legal manager of Simmons
(英國西盟斯律師事務所香港辦公室) from October 2004 to July 2009.


Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 2000 and a
master’s degree in law from Northwestern University in the U.S. in June 2004. Mr. Yang was admitted to practice
law in the PRC in January 2019 and New York law in the U.S. in August 2007.


Mr. Fengmao Hua (華風茂) (“Mr. Hua”), aged 57, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company.
In addition to his position at the Group, Mr. Hua serves as the chairman of the Board of China Finance Strategies
Investment Holdings Limited since August 2014 and served as the chief executive officer of Chempartner
Pharmatech Co., Ltd., a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300149) from July 2021 to
October 2022. Mr. Hua has more than 16 years of experience in investment banking industry. Mr. Hua previously
worked at a number of investment banking firms where he was mainly responsible for corporate finance, public
offering, reorganization, merger and acquisitions as well as other financial consulting work, the details of which are
set forth below:


•      from July 2003 to October 2005, Mr. Hua held various positions in CLSA Capital Market Limited;


•      from April 2008 to August 2014, Mr. Hua served as the managing director of investment banking
       department and the managing director in the private equity department in BOCOM International Holdings
       Company Limited;




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   33
 BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 •      from July 2018 to June 2021, Mr. Hua served as an executive director and the chief financial officer of Viva
        Biotech Holdings, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1873);


 •      from December 2021 to June 2024, Mr. Hua served as an independent non-executive director of Sirnaomics
        Ltd., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2257);


 •      from December 2021 to February 2024, Mr. Hua served as an independent non-executive director of Ferretti
        S.p.A., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9638); and


 •      since July 2021, Mr. Hua has served as an independent non-executive director of Biocytogen Pharmaceuticals
        (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2315).


 Mr. Hua obtained his bachelor’s degree in English from Shanghai International Studies University (上海外國語大
 學) in the PRC in July 1989. He obtained his master’s degree in Business Administration from the International
 University of Japan in June 1997 in Japan.


 SUPERVISORS
 Mr. Xu Yang (徐揚) (“Mr. Xu”), aged 58, is a Supervisor of the Company. In addition to his position in the
 Group, Mr. Xu is a director of Lepu Medical since January 2014 and a founding partner of Chong Guang Law
 Office (北京市重光律師事務所) since May 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Xu served as (i) an independent director of
 NAURA Technology Group Co., Ltd. (北方華創科技集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
 Exchange (stock code: 002371), from September 2010 to October 2016, and (ii) an independent director of
 Sino-air Transportation Co., Ltd. (中外運空運發展股份有限公司), a company previously listed on the Shanghai Stock
 Exchange (stock code: 600270) and delisted by way of merger and absorption in December 2018, from October
 2005 to April 2012.


 Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 1991. Mr. Xu was
 admitted to practice law in the PRC in June 1994.


 Mr. Yang Ming (楊明) (“Mr. Yang”), aged 60, is a Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Yang joined the Group in
 December 2020 and has been serving as a Supervisor since then. In addition to his position in the Group, Mr. Yang
 is the vice president of research and development department of Lepu Medical since January 2013 and had held
 various positions in Lepu Medical, including the manager of clinical registration department from January 2007 to
 December 2012, the manager of marketing department from October 2005 to December 2006, and the manager
 of technology quality department from June 2002 to September 2005.


 Prior to that, Mr. Yang served as a technician of No. 725 Institution of China State Shipbuilding Corporation Limited
 (中國船舶重工集團公司第七二五研究所) until May 2002. Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor’s degree in metal physics
 from Wuhan University (武漢大學) in the PRC in July 1988. He was qualified as a researcher of biologics material
 and medical device of China State Shipbuilding Corporation Limited (中國船舶重工集團公司) in March 2010. Mr.
 Yang has been a member of the second council of China Society for Drug Regulation (中國藥品監督管理研究會)
 since October 2020.




34   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
 BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Zhao Lixuan (趙力萱) (“Ms. Zhao”), aged 34, is the employee representative Supervisor of the Company.
Ms. Zhao has served as the investor relations director of the Company since March 2023. Prior to this, Ms. Zhao
served as the senior assistant to the deputy general manager, as the investor relations manager and as the investor
relations director of Lepu Medical from December 2015 to March 2023.


Ms. Zhao obtained a Bachelor of International Economics and Trade from Zhengzhou University (鄭州大學) in the
PRC in July 2014 and a Master of Science (MSc) in Global Marketing from the University of York in January 2016.


The Company has entered into a service contract with Ms. Zhao and the term of office of Ms. Zhao as employee
representative Supervisor will be three (3) years effective from the date of the Employees’ Representative Meeting
at which Ms. Zhao was elected as employee representative Supervisor. Ms. Zhao will not receive any Supervisors’
remuneration from the Company during her term as employee representative Supervisor.


RESIGNING DIRECTOR AND RETIRING SUPERVISOR
Mr. Yang Hongbing resigned from his position as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from June
27, 2025. The Board would like to express its heartfelt respect and thanks to Mr. Yang Hongbing for his great
contributions to the Company during his tenure, and welcome Ms. Qin Yiran as the non-executive Director of the
Company.


Mr. Yang Ming retired from his position as a supervisor of the Company with effect upon the approval of the
appointment of a new supervisor by the Shareholders.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. Sui Ziye (隋滋野) is an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. See “Executive Directors”
in this section for the biographical details of Dr. Sui.


Ms. Li Yunyi (李昀軼) (“Ms. Li”), aged 46, is the chief financial officer and Board secretary of the Company. Prior
to joining the Group, Ms. Li served as the deputy financial director of Lepu Medical from May 2016 to October
2020. From September 2013 to December 2015, Ms. Li served as an executive director of debt capital market
of Credit Suisse Founder Securities Limited (瑞信方正證券有限責任公司). From June 2008 to August 2013, Ms.
Li served consecutively as associate, senior associate, vice president of fixed income team of investment banking
department of China International Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融有限公司), a company listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 03908) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601995). From July 2001 to May
2008, Ms. Li served as the manager of investment banking and marketing development department of China Cinda
Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中國信達資產管理股份有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 01359).


Ms. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in international finance from Beihang University (北京航空航天大學) in the PRC
in July 2001 and a master’s degree in applied finance from Macquarie University in November 2007.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   35
 BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
 Ms. Li Yunyi (李昀軼) is the chief financial officer, the secretary to the Board, and the joint company secretary of
 the Company. See “Senior Management” above for the biographical details of Ms. Li.


 Ms. Lai Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (“Ms. Lai”) is the joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Lai is a director of
 the company secretarial services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services firm. She has over 20
 years of professional and in-house experience in the company secretarial field. She obtained a bachelor’s degree in
 accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in November 1997. She is a fellow of both The Hong Kong
 Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.




36   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
We are a biopharmaceutical company focusing on anti-tumor targeted therapy and oncology immunotherapy. Since
inception, we are dedicated to promoting the technological advancement of innovative ADCs in China, establishing
an advanced and systematic ADC technology development platform, and developing more optimal and innovative
drugs to better address the unmet significant clinical needs in oncology therapeutics.


The activities and particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are shown under note 37 to financial
statements. An analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating profit for the year by principal activities is set out in
the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


RESULTS AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the section headed “Chairman’s
Statement” of this annual report and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
of the Group on page 167 of this annual report.


A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including an
analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business
and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant impact on the Group and on which
the Group’s success depends, is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual
report. These discussions form part of this annual report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since
the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Key Events
after the Reporting Period” in this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are
beyond its control.


Risks Relating to the Research and Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization of our Drug
Candidates

•      Our business and financial prospects depend substantially on the success of our clinical-stage and
       pre-clinical-stage drug candidates. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain
       regulatory approvals or achieve commercialization for our drug candidates, or if we experience significant
       delays or cost overruns in doing any of the foregoing, our business and competitive position could be
       materially and adversely affected.


•      Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and we may
       encounter unexpected difficulties executing our clinical trials. Results of earlier studies and trials may not be
       predictive of future trial results.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    37
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 •      If our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or
        do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing,
        or may ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates.


 •      We face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may
        develop products and therapies that are similar, more advanced, or more effective than ours, or launch
        biosimilar products and therapies ahead of us, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our
        ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates.


 •      We may rely on third parties to manufacture a portion of our drug candidates for clinical development and
        commercial sales. Our business could be harmed if those third parties fail to deliver sufficient quantities of
        product or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.


 Risks Relating to Regulatory Approvals and Government Regulation

 •      All material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products are
        heavily regulated, and the approval process is usually lengthy, costly and unpredictable. Any failure to comply
        with existing or future regulations and industry standards or any adverse actions by drug approval authorities
        against us could negatively impact our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations
        and prospects.


 •      The regulatory approval processes of the NMPA, the FDA and other comparable regulatory authorities are
        lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are unable to obtain without undue delay any
        regulatory approvals for our drug candidates in our targeted markets, our business may be subject to actual
        or perceived harm.


 •      We may seek approvals from the NMPA, the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities for an expedited
        review process for our drug candidates or for the use of data from registrational trials through accelerated
        development pathways, failure to obtain which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
        condition, results of operations and prospects.


 Risks Relating to our Operations

 •      We have recorded net cash outflow from operating activities since our inception, and we may need to obtain
        additional financing to fund our operations. If we are unable to obtain such financing, we may be unable to
        complete the development and commercialization of our major drug candidates.


 •      We are exposed to credit risks related to delay in payment of our customers. We cannot assure you that we
        will be able to collect our trade receivables from our customers in full, or at all, in the future, despite our
        efforts to conduct credit assessment on them.


 •      We may be subject to disasters, health epidemics, acts of war, terrorism, business disruptions and other force
        majeure events, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
        operations.


 •      There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations.



38   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT


However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult with their
own investment advisers before making any investment.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Sales attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and the largest customer accounted for 82.35% and
32.86%, respectively, of the Group’s total sales for the Reporting Period.


Purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers and the largest supplier accounted for 35.44% and
13.27%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the Reporting Period.


None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any Shareholders (whom,
to the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s total issued share capital)
had a material interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers during the Reporting Period.


DIVIDENDS
The Directors do not recommend payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period. There is no arrangement
that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.


DIVIDEND POLICY
No dividend was declared or paid by the Company or other entities comprising the Group during the Reporting
Period. The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends, please refer to the section headed “Corporate
Governance Report – Dividend Policy” of this annual report for details.


We currently expect to retain all future earnings for use in operation and expansion of our business, and do not
expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future declarations and payments of dividends
will be at the absolute discretion of our Directors and subject to the Articles and the PRC Company Law, and will
depend on the actual/projected financial performance of the Group, operational capital need, cash flow, future
expansion plans, current and future liquidity condition, internal and external circumstances that may impact upon
the Company’s business or financial performance or condition, and other factors which our Directors consider
relevant. No dividend shall be declared or payable except out of our profits and reserves lawfully available for
distribution. As confirmed by the Company’s PRC Legal Adviser, according to the relevant PRC laws, any future net
profit that we make will have to be first applied to make up for our historically accumulated losses, after which
we will be obliged to allocate 10% of the net profit to our statutory common reserve fund until such fund has
reached more than 50% of our registered capital. We will therefore only be able to declare dividends after (i) all
our historically accumulated losses have been made up for; and (ii) we have allocated sufficient net profit to our
statutory common reserve fund as described above.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   39
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting
 Period are set out in note 15 to financial statements.


 SHARE CAPITAL
 Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 25 to
 financial statements.


 SHARE SCHEME
 Restricted Share Unit Scheme (H Share)

 On December 18, 2025, the RSU Scheme was approved and adopted to attract, reward, motivate and retain the
 Employee Participants which will comply with the requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and provide the
 Company with more flexibility in long term planning of granting of the Share Awards to Employee Participants for
 their contributions or potential contributions to the Group.


 Purpose of the RSU Scheme

 The purpose of the Scheme is to attract new talents and retain employees whose contributions are important
 to the long-term growth and success of the Group, to recognise and reward Employee Participants for their
 past contributions to the Group, to provide Employee Participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary
 interests in the Company and to encourage Employee Participants to further contribute to the Company and work
 towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its Shareholders
 as a whole. The Scheme will provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivising, rewarding,
 remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to Employee Participants.


 Participants and Basis of Determining the Eligibility

 The Board shall be entitled (but shall not be bound) to make an Offer to an individual or a corporate entity (as the
 case may be), being an Employee Participant, as the Board may in its absolute discretion select, of a Share Award
 (consisting of RSUs as set forth in the applicable Offer documentation), in each case provided that the Board
 considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group.


 In the case of the Employee Participants, in assessing their eligibility, the Board will consider, in its sole discretion,
 on a case-by-case basis, the following factors, including but not limited to (i) the individual performance, time
 commitment, responsibilities or employment conditions according to the prevailing market practice and industry
 standard; (ii) the length of engagement with the Group; (iii) the individual contribution or potential contribution to
 the development and growth of the Group; and (iv) the amount of support, assistance, guidance, advice or efforts
 that has been given or will be given towards the Group’s success.




40   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Scheme Mandate Limit

The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards involving issue of new Shares
that may be granted under the Scheme and any other share scheme(s) adopted by the Company must not in
aggregate exceed 5% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares, if any) as at the Adoption
Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”）, unless otherwise permitted by the Listing Rules or the Company obtains the
approval of its Shareholders to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit. Share Awards which have lapsed in accordance
with the terms of the Scheme without Shares being issued and options and awards lapsed in accordance with any
other share scheme(s) of the Company shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate
Limit.


As at the Adoption Date, the total number of Shares in issue was 1,804,439,838 Shares. The Scheme Mandate
Limit is 90,221,991 Shares (representing 5% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date). As of
the date of this report, no RSUs have been granted under the RSU Scheme. Therefore, the total number of Shares
available for issue under the RSU Scheme is the same as the Scheme Mandate Limit.


The Company may seek the approval of its Shareholders at general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit
after three years from the Adoption Date or the date of Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment (as the case
may be), such that the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards involving
issue of new Shares that may be granted under the Scheme and any other share scheme(s) of the Company under
the Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed must not exceed 5% of the Shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares, if
any) as at the date of the aforesaid approval for refreshment by the Shareholders in general meeting. Options and
awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Scheme and any other share scheme(s) of the Company will
not be regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the limit as refreshed. The Company shall send a circular
to the Shareholders containing the number of options and awards that were already granted under the existing
Scheme Mandate Limit, and the reason for the refreshment.


Any refreshment within any abovementioned three-year period must be approved by the Shareholders subject to
the following provisions:


(i)      any controlling shareholder(s) of the Company and their respective associates, or if there is no controlling
         shareholder(s) of the Company, Directors (excluding independent non-executive Directors) and the chief
         executives of the Company and their respective associates must abstain from voting in favor of the relevant
         resolution at the general meeting; and


(ii)     the Company must comply with the requirements under the Listing Rules.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   41
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 The Company may also seek separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting for granting any Share
 Awards beyond the Scheme Mandate Limit, or if applicable, the refreshed limit as referred above, provided that
 the Share Awards in excess of the Scheme Mandate Limit are granted only to Employee Participants specifically
 identified by the Company before the aforesaid Shareholders’ meeting where such approval is sought. A circular
 shall be sent to Shareholders containing the name of each specified Participant who may be granted such Share
 Awards, the number and terms of the Share Awards to be granted to each specified Employee Participant, the
 purpose of granting Share Awards to the specified Participants with an explanation as to how the terms of the
 Share Awards serve such purpose, and all other information as required under the Listing Rules. The number and
 terms of the Share Awards to be granted to such Participant must be fixed before Shareholders’ approval.

 In the circumstances described in above, the Company shall send a circular to its Shareholders containing all those
 terms as required under the Listing Rules. The relevant Grantee, his/her associates and all core connected persons
 of the Company shall abstain from voting at such general meeting, except that such person may vote against the
 relevant resolution at the general meeting provided that his/her intention to do so has been stated in the circular to
 be sent to the Shareholders in connection therewith.


 Purchase Price of Share Awards

 Subject to otherwise determined by the Board at its sole discretion or as required by applicable law in respect of the
 purchase price (if any) of any particular Share Award which shall be stated in the Offer documentation, the Grantee
 is required to pay RMB1.00 as purchase price to the Company to purchase each RSU underlying a Share Award
 granted. The purchase price is determined based on the nominal value of RMB1.00 of the Shares and is payable by
 the Grantee prior to the obtaining of the underlying Shares of the Share Award.

 Vesting of Share Awards

 Subject to the terms of the RSU Scheme, the Board may decide at its sole and absolute discretion (subject to,
 including but not limited to, the execution of any transfer documents or restricted share agreements, the payment
 of any purchase price or the provision of any transfer or sale direction by the Grantee as may be required by the
 Board and/or the Trustee, and in accordance with the provisions stated in the Offer documentation to the Grantee)
 to:

 (i)        direct the Trustee to transfer the number of Restricted Shares or the Shares underlying the RSUs to the
            Grantee which the Trustee has acquired by making purchases of existing Shares on-market and to be held
            pending the vesting of the relevant Share Award;

 (ii)       procure the Company to allot and issue the number of Restricted Shares or the Shares underlying the RSUs
            to the Grantee (as new Shares under the Scheme Mandate Limit) as fully paid up Shares directly; and/or

 (iii)      pay, or procure the payment of, an amount equivalent to the market value of the Shares underlying the RSUs
            to the Grantee in cash, for the purpose of satisfying the relevant Share Awards of the Grantee upon vesting.

 Without prejudicing to the foregoing, whether the Shares underlying the RSUs are to be purchased from secondary
 markets or subscribed for is determined by the Board having regards to, among other things, the financial position
 of the Company, the cash position of the Company and the market price of the relevant Shares at the relevant
 time. The Trustee will hold any Restricted Shares or any Shares underlying the RSUs so purchased in accordance
 with the terms of the RSU Scheme and the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such Shares so acquired and/or subscribed
 for will, subject to the receipt by the Trustee of a confirmation from the Company that all vesting conditions have
 been fulfilled, be transferred to the Grantee.



42       Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Vesting Period

Save for the circumstance as described below, the vesting period in respect of any Share Award granted shall be no
less than 12 months from (and including) the Date of Grant.


(a)   Share Awards granted to an Employee Participant may be subject to a shorter vesting period in the following
      circumstances at the sole discretion of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee:


      (i)     grants of “make-whole” Share Awards to new joiners to replace the share awards they forfeited
              when leaving their previous employers;


      (ii)    grants that are made in batches during a year for administrative or compliance reasons, which include
              Share Awards that should have been granted earlier if not for such administrative or compliance
              reasons but had to wait for a subsequent batch. In such case, the vesting period may be shorter to
              reflect the time from which the Share Award would have been granted;


      (iii)   grants with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the Share Awards may vest evenly
              over a period of 12 months, or where the Share Awards may vest by several batches with the first
              batch to vest within 12 months of the Date of Grant and the last batch to vest 12 months after the
              Date of Grant;


      (iv)    grants with performance-based vesting conditions provided in the RSU Scheme or as specified in the
              Offer documentation in lieu of time-based vesting criteria; and


      (v)     grants with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.


Performance Targets

Vesting of Share Award shall be subject to the performance targets, if any, to be satisfied by the Grantees as
determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee from time to time. The Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee shall have the authority, after the grant of any Share Award which is performance-linked, to make fair
and reasonable adjustments to the prescribed performance targets during the vesting period if there is a change in
circumstances, provided that any such adjustments shall be less onerous than the prescribed performance targets
and are considered fair and reasonable by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee. The performance targets
may include the attainment of program milestones and market capitalisation milestones by the Group, which may
vary among the Grantees. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee will conduct assessment from time to time
by comparing the performance with the pre-set targets to determine whether such targets and the extents to which
have been met. If, after the assessment, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee determines that any prescribed
performance targets have not been met, the unvested Share Award shall lapse automatically. For the avoidance of
doubt, the performance targets are not applicable to independent non-executive Directors of the Company.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   43
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 Life of the RSU Scheme

 Subject to any early termination provisions pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the RSU Scheme shall be valid and
 effective for the period of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date. After the expiry of the RSU Scheme, no
 further Share Awards shall be offered or granted, but in all other respects the provisions of the RSU Scheme shall
 remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the settlement of any Share Awards granted
 prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the RSU Scheme.


 Alteration and Termination

 The Board may amend any of the provisions of the RSU Scheme (including without limitation amendments in order
 to comply with changes in legal or regulatory requirements and amendments in order to waive any restrictions
 imposed by the provisions of the RSU Scheme) at any time (but not so as to affect adversely any rights which have
 accrued to any Grantee at that date).


 Any alterations to the terms and conditions of the Scheme which are of a material nature, or any alterations to
 the provisions relating to the matters set out in Rule 17.03 of the Listing Rules to the advantage of Employee
 Participants, must be approved by Shareholders in general meeting. Any change to the terms of Share Awards
 granted to a Participant, must also, to be effective, be approved by the Board, the Remuneration and Appraisal
 Committee, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company and/or the Shareholders in general meeting
 (as the case may be) if the initial grant of the Share Awards was approved by the Board, the Remuneration and
 Appraisal Committee, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company and/or the Shareholders (as the
 case may be), except where the alterations take effect automatically under the existing terms of the Scheme. The
 Scheme so altered must comply with the Listing Rules. Any change to the authority of the Board, the Trustee or
 other administrator of the Scheme in relation to any alternation to the terms of the Scheme must be approved by
 the Shareholders in general meeting.


 The Company by special resolution in general meeting or the Board may at any time resolve to terminate the
 operation of the RSU Scheme prior to its expiry, and in such event no further Share Awards will be offered or
 granted but the provisions of the RSU Scheme shall remain in full force to the extent necessary to give effect to
 the settlement of any Share Awards granted prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the
 provisions of the RSU Scheme. Share Awards which are granted during the life of the RSU Scheme and remain
 outstanding immediately prior to the termination of the operation of the RSU Scheme shall continue to be valid and
 eligible to vest in accordance with their terms of issue after the termination of the RSU Scheme.


 For further details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated November 28, 2025,
 circular dated November 28, 2025 and poll results announcement dated December 18, 2025.


 BORROWINGS
 Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in the section
 headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report and note 30 to financial statements.




44   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


RESERVES
The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in
the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 170 of this annual report. Details of the movement in the
reserves of the Company during the Reporting Period is set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements
on page 211 of this annual report.


As of December 31, 2025, the Group had distributable reserve accounting to approximately RMB2,086.2 million.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last four financial years (prepared in accordance with
IFRS) are set out on page 252 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated
financial statements.


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the state of the Group’s financial position as
at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 168 and 169 of this annual report.

DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Directors and Supervisors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report
were:

Executive Directors

Dr. PU Zhongjie
Dr. SUI Ziye

Non-executive Directors

Ms. PU Jue
Ms. QIN Yiran (appointed with effect from June 27, 2025)
Mr. YANG Hongbing (retired with effect from June 27, 2025)

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. ZHOU Demin
Mr. YANG Haifeng
Mr. Fengmao HUA

Supervisors

Mr. XU Yang
Ms. ZHAO Lixuan
Mr. YANG Ming (resigned with effect upon the approval of the appointment of a new supervisor by the
Shareholders)




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   45
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 Details of Directors and Supervisors are set out in “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management”
 of this annual report. Save as disclosed in that section, up to the date of this annual report, there were no changes
 to information which are required to be disclosed by Directors and Supervisors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and
 (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

 Dr. Fang Lei (方磊) resigned as a vice president of the Company and his other positions within the Group during the
 Reporting Period due to personal reasons. He has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there
 is no other matter relating to his resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the
 Company or the Stock Exchange. The Company confirms that the R&D-related matters of the Group are all in an
 orderly manner and the departure of Dr. Fang will not have any adverse effect on the operations of the Group.

 INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR
 CONTRACT
 Save as the New Procurement Framework Agreement and the New CDMO Services Framework Agreement disclosed
 under the section headed “Directors’ Report – Connected Transactions” of this annual report, the Group has not
 entered into any transaction agreement or contract of significance in which the Group’s Directors and Supervisors
 have direct or indirect material interests during the Reporting Period (other than the service contracts and
 employment agreements of Directors and senior management).


 CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
 Save as the New Procurement Framework Agreement and the New CDMO Services Framework Agreement disclosed
 under the section headed “Directors’ Report – Connected Transactions” of this annual report, the Controlling
 Shareholder does not have or had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance,
 whether for the provision of services or otherwise, to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its
 subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period (other than the service contract and employment agreement of
 Director and senior management).


 INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
 Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this
 annual report and save for their respective interests in the Group, none of the Directors, Supervisors and the
 Controlling Shareholder were interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete with the businesses
 of the Group during the Reporting Period.


 From time to time, the Company’s non-executive Directors may serve on the boards of both private and public
 companies within the broader healthcare and biopharmaceutical industries. However, as these non-executive
 Directors are neither controlling shareholders of the Company nor members of its executive management team, the
 Company is of the view that their interests in such companies as directors would not render the Company incapable
 of carrying on its business independently from the other companies in which they may hold directorships from time
 to time.




46   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT


EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND FIVE
HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee determines or makes recommendation to the Board (as case may be)
on the remuneration and other benefits payable to the Directors and Supervisors by the Group. The Remuneration
and Appraisal Committee regularly oversees the remuneration of all Directors and Supervisors to ensure that
their remuneration and compensation are at an appropriate level. The Group maintains competitive remuneration
packages with reference to the industry standard and according to the business development of the Group and
determines remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors based on their respective qualifications, experience and
contributions, to attract and retain its Directors and Supervisors as well as to control costs.


Details of emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and the top five highest paid individuals are set out in note 39 and
note 9 to financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors has waived or agreed
to waive any emoluments.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors, and the chief executives
of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or which were otherwise required, to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set out below:


Interests of our Directors in the Shares or Underlying Shares of the Company

Long position in the Shares as at December 31, 2025


                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                Shares or         Approximate
                                                                                                              underlying         percentage of
Name of Director                       Class of Shares       Nature of Interest                                    Shares       shareholding (1)

Dr. Pu Zhongjie(2)                     H Shares              Interests in controlled corporation             658,591,549                 36.50%
Ms. Pu Jue(3)                          H Shares              Interests in controlled corporation               90,000,000                 4.99%

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,804,439,838 H Shares issued as of December 31, 2025.

(2)      Ningbo Houde Yimin directly holds 433,239,436 H Shares as beneficial owner, and Ningbo Houde Yimin is held as to 100% by Beijing
         Houde Yimin, which is in turn held as to 100% by Dr. Pu Zhongjie, an executive Director and the chairman of the Board. In addition, Lepu
         Medical directly holds 225,352,113 H Shares as beneficial owner, and Dr. Pu Zhongjie is the actual controller of Lepu Medical. Dr. Pu
         Zhongjie is therefore deemed to be interested in the 433,239,436 H Shares and the 225,352,113 H Shares held by Ningbo Houde Yimin
         and Lepu Medical, respectively.

(3)      Shanghai Lvyuan directly holds 90,000,000 H Shares as beneficial owner, and Shanghai Lvyuan is held as to 100% by Cereblue Limited,
         which is in turn held as to 100% by Ms. Pu Jue, one of the non-executive Directors. Ms. Pu Jue is therefore deemed to be interested in the
         90,000,000 H Shares held by Shanghai Lvyuan.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.               47
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 Interests of our Directors in the Shares or Underlying Shares of Associated Corporations

 So far as the Directors are aware, as at December 31, 2025, none of the Directors, Supervisors, or chief executives
 of the Company had any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of
 the Company or its associated corporations, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
 Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he is
 taken or deemed to have under such provisions of SFO), or were required to be recorded in the register required to
 be kept under section 352 of the SFO or required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
 to the Model Code.


 INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
 UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
 So far as is known to the Company, as at December 31, 2025, as recorded in the register required to be kept by
 the Company under section 336 of the SFO, the following persons, other than a Director or chief executive of the
 Company, had an interest of 5% or more in the Shares or underlying Shares:


 Long position in the Shares as at December 31, 2025


                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                           Shares or     Approximate
                                             Class of                                                    underlying     percentage of
 Name of Shareholder                         Shares            Nature of Interest                              Shares   shareholding(1)

 Miracogen HK                                H Shares          Beneficial interest                      117,355,106               6.50%
 Miracogen Inc.    (2)
                                             H Shares          Interest in controlled                   117,355,106               6.50%
                                                                  corporation
 Dr. Hu Chaohong(2)                          H Shares          Interest in controlled                   117,355,106               6.50%
                                                                  corporation


 Notes:

 (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,804,439,838 H Shares issued as at December 31, 2025.

 (2)      Miracogen HK directly holds 117,355,106 H Shares as beneficial owner, and Miracogen HK is held as to 100% by Miracogen Inc., which
          is in turn held as to 100% by Dr. Hu Chaohong. Dr. Hu Chaohong and Miracogen Inc. are therefore deemed to be interested in the
          117,355,106 H Shares held by Miracogen HK.


 Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, the Company had not been notified of any persons (other than
 a Director or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
 Shares that were recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.




48     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the Reporting Period or at the end of the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their
spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or
any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance for its Directors and Supervisors which provides proper
protection for the Directors and Supervisors.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
We have entered into, and are expected to continue, certain transactions which will constitute non-exempt
continuing connected transactions of our Company under the Listing Rules upon the Listing. Accordingly, we have
applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, waivers in relation to certain continuing
connected transactions between us and certain connected persons under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


The following transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Rule 14A.31 of the
Listing Rules and are required to be disclosed in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.71 of the Listing
Rules:


1.       PROCUREMENT FRAMEWORK AGREEMENTS

         Our Company entered into a procurement of products and services framework agreement on November
         26, 2024 with Lepu Medical (the “Previous Procurement Framework Agreement”）, pursuant to which
         Lepu Medical and its subsidiaries and associates (excluding our Group) (the “Lepu Medical Connected
         Persons”）shall supply to our Group (i) raw materials and supplementary materials for clinical trials, (ii)
         biological sample test services for clinical trials, (iii) employee body check services and other products for
         employees welfare; and (iv) other services. Lepu Medical is our substantial shareholder and our Controlling
         Shareholder is its actual controller.


         The initial term of the Previous Procurement Framework Agreement commenced on January 1, 2025 and
         expired on December 31, 2025. The Company and the relevant Lepu Medical Connected Person(s) had
         been entered into separate individual agreements or purchase orders which set out the specific terms and
         conditions in accordance with the principles set out in the Previous Procurement Framework Agreement.


         Given the Previous Procurement Framework Agreement expired on December 31, 2025 and it was expected
         that the Group would continue to enter into procurement transactions of a similar nature with the Lepu
         Medical Connected Persons, on November 28, 2025, a new procurement framework agreement (the “New
         Procurement Framework Agreement”, together with the Previous Procurement Framework Agreement,
         the “Procurement Framework Agreements”）was entered into between the Company and the Lepu
         Medical. The term of the New Procurement Framework Agreement is from January 1, 2026 to December 31,
         2026 (both days inclusive), and can be renewed upon parties’ agreement up to three years.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   49
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


        We have been procuring the aforementioned products and services from the Lepu Medical Connected
        Persons prior to the Listing, and will continue to procure such products and services from the Lepu Medical
        Connected Persons for clinical trials and employee welfare as the Lepu Medical Connected Persons have been
        providing us with such products and services with standard and quality commensurate with our requisite
        safety and quality standard. As such, The Directors consider that Lepu Medical Connected Persons are
        familiar with our safety and quality standard and will be able to satisfy our demand efficiently and reliably
        with minimal disruption to our Group’s operations and internal procedures.


        Pricing

        In order to ensure that the terms of the transactions in respect of the procurement of products and services
        by the Group from Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries and/or associates are fair and reasonable and in line
        with market practices, and that the terms of the transactions will be no less favorable to the Group than
        the terms of the transactions between the Group and Independent Third Parties, the Group has adopted the
        following measures:


        (a)    to maintain regular contact with the suppliers of the Group (including Lepu Medical and/or its
               subsidiaries and/or associates) to keep abreast of market developments and the price trend of
               products and services; and


        (b)    to assess, review and compare the quotations or proposals taking into account various factors
               including quality, payment, flexibility and after-sales services to ensure that the proposed transactions
               will be consistent with the general interest of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.


               Procurement of raw materials and supplementary materials for clinical trials, pharmaceutical products
               and biological sample test services for clinical trials will be priced with reference to market prices of
               comparable products and services, while the procurement fee for employee welfare products will be
               charged based on the number of the employees of the Group enrolled. The Group implements various
               internal approval and monitoring procedures, including obtaining quotations on an as-needed basis
               from other independent suppliers of similar products and services and considering various assessment
               criteria (including price, quality, suitability, payment terms, and time required for the provision and
               delivery of the products and services) before entering into any new procurement arrangement with
               Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries and/or associates, and comparing such quotations obtained with
               the offer from Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries and/or associates.


        Annual caps and actual amount

        The actual transaction amount for the Reporting Period for transactions covered under the Previous
        Procurement Framework Agreement was RMB1,932,000, and the annual cap for the year ended December
        31, 2025 was RMB5,000,000. Under the New Procurement Framework Agreement, the annual cap for the
        year ending December 31, 2026 is RMB12,000,000.




50   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


2.   CDMO SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENTS

     Our Company entered into an agreement on November 26, 2024 with Lepu Medical (the “Previous CDMO
     Services Framework Agreement”）, pursuant to which the Company and/or its subsidiaries shall provide
     Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries with CDMO services including CMC technical services, subject to the
     approval of the Independent Shareholders. Lepu Medical is our substantial shareholder and our Controlling
     Shareholder is its actual controller.


     The initial term of the Previous CDMO Services Framework Agreement commenced on January 1, 2025 and
     expired on December 31, 2025. The Company and Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries had been entered
     into separate individual agreements or purchase orders which set out the specific terms and conditions in
     accordance with the principles set out in the Previous CDMO Services Framework Agreement.


     Given the Previous CDMO Services Framework Agreement expired on December 31, 2025 and it was
     expected that the Group would continue to enter into transactions of a similar nature with Lepu Medical
     and/or its subsidiaries, on November 28, 2025, a new CDMO services framework agreement (the “New
     CDMO Services Framework Agreement”, together with the Previous CDMO Services Framework
     Agreement, the “CDMO Services Framework Agreements”）was entered into between the Company and
     Lepu Medical.


     The term of the New CDMO Services Framework Agreement is from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026
     (both days inclusive). The Company and/or its subsidiaries and Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries may from
     time to time enter into specific agreements in respect of the specific CDMO services for the development of
     particular drugs, and the CDMO services will be carried out in accordance with such specific agreements to
     be entered into.


     The Group is well-equipped which high-quality manufacturing facility which is in compliance with GMP
     standards. Taking into account the needs of the Group for drugs manufacturing to cater for its clinical trials
     and commercialization, the Group can utilize its excess production capacity to provide CDMO services for
     appropriate business. By entering into the CDMO Services Framework Agreements, the Directors believe this
     will enable a more effective use of the Group’s excess production capacity and can generate supplementary
     cashflow for the Group as a whole.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   51
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


        Pricing

        The fees payable by Lepu Medical and/or its subsidiaries to the Company and/or its subsidiaries under the
        CDMO Services Framework Agreement and the specific agreements will be determined at arm’s length and
        on a fair and reasonable basis based on a number of factors, including but not limited to (i) the scope and
        volume of tasks to be performed at each stage of each area of work; (ii) the volume, nature, complexity
        and value of the service involved; (iii) the expected operational costs (including, among others, laboratory
        costs, material costs and labor costs (which is determined by the number of personnel and hours expected
        to be scheduled and utilized for providing the particular service, the historical hourly rates of the relevant
        operations and management personnel)); and (iv) the then prevailing market rates by obtaining and
        comparing against fees charged by two independent comparable CDMO service providers for similar services
        in respect of similar types of tasks in the market.


        The payment and settlement terms of such fees or procurement price payable by Lepu Medical and/or its
        subsidiaries to the Company and/or its subsidiaries in respect of such CDMO services shall be separately
        agreed upon between the relevant parties in the implementation agreements to be entered into pursuant to
        the terms of the CDMO Services Framework Agreement.


        Annual caps and actual amount

        The actual transaction amount for the Reporting Period for transactions covered under the Previous CDMO
        Services Framework Agreement was RMB13,567,000, and the annual cap for the year ending December 31,
        2025 was RMB36,000,000. Under the New CDMO Services Framework Agreement, the annual cap for the
        year ending December 31, 2026 is RMB18,200,000.


        Confirmations

        The Company has confirmed that the execution and enforcement of the implementation agreement under
        the continuing connected transactions set out above has followed the pricing policies of such continuing
        connected transactions.


        Save for the information disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not enter into any
        other transactions which constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that
        were subject to annual review and reporting requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the
        Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing
        Rules.




52   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


       The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
       confirmed that such transactions were:


       (i)     entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


       (ii)    conducted either on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions
               to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group
               than terms available to or from independent third parties; and


       (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable
               and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


       Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the transactions and conducted its
       engagement in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
       Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
       Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
       Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ernst & Young has issued a
       report to the Board and confirm that nothing has come to their attention that would cause them to believe
       that:


       (A)     the above continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


       (B)     the above continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in
               accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;


       (C)     the transactions contemplated under the New CDMO Services Framework Agreement were not, in all
               material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group; and


       (D)     with respect to the above continuing connected transactions, the aggregate amount of each of the
               above continuing connected transactions exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.


MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Report – Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the
related party transactions as set out in note 38 to financial statements were not regarded as connected transactions
or were exempt from reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Listing Rules.


PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the
Company since the Listing and up to December 31, 2025.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   53
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
 Save as the RSU Scheme adopted on December 18, 2025 and disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ Report
 – Share Scheme” of this annual report, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing
 Shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing
 shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Period or subsisted at the end of the Reporting
 Period.


 PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND TAX RELIEF
 There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights in the Articles or under the laws of the PRC, being the jurisdiction in
 which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to
 its existing Shareholders.


 The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders of the Company by reason
 of their holding of the Company’s securities.


 SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT
 According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, as
 at the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has maintained the public float as required under the Listing Rules.


 SUBSIDIARIES
 Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries as at December 31, 2025 are set out in note 37 to financial statements.


 MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
 No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
 of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


 DONATIONS
 During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB70,393,945 (2024:
 RMB19,851,583).


 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
 As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant
 laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the
 Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the
 Group.




54   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


MATERIAL LITIGATION
The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended December 31, 2025.
The Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the
Group during the year ended December 31, 2025.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE
We are committed to operating our business in a manner that protects environment and providing our employees
with a healthy and safe workplace. We have implemented a set of policies on environment protection, employee
welfare and corporate governance consistent with industry standards and in compliance with the requirements of
the Listing Rules.


In order to ensure that our operations are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, we have
implemented group-wide environmental, health and safety policies and standard operating procedures, mainly
comprising of management systems and procedures relating to wastewater generation and treatment, management
of process safety and hazardous substances, employee health and safety requirements, third-party safety
management and emergency planning and response. In particular, our environmental, health and safety protection
measures include: (i) strict compliance with the GMP qualification requirements and relevant pollutant emissions
standards during our production process to reduce pollutant emissions of air and wastewater; (ii) implementation
of safety guidelines with respect to employee health and safety, environmental protection and operational and
manufacturing safety in laboratories and manufacturing facilities, and closely monitor internal compliance with
these guidelines; (iii) storage of hazardous substances in special warehouse and contract with qualified third parties
for the disposal of hazardous materials and waste on a quarterly basis; and (iv) conducting periodic environmental
evaluations on exhaust gas detection and emissions, hazardous waste disposals, noise emissions, and waste water
detection and emissions to make sure all operations are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.


In addition, we have implemented measures to identify and address potential risks relating to the environment.
These measures include continuous employee trainings to enhance our employees’ awareness of environment issues
and skills to comply with safety and operation standards, requirements that all our employees operating specialized
equipment must have the requisite certifications, timely provision of protection equipment to our employees,
periodic inspection of our operational facilities, special health examinations for employees who may have contact
with hazards, medical examination for employees and establishment of procedures to appropriately handle work
safety incidents.


We have security officers at our engineering department and other departments that are related to safety and
environment protection. These security officers formed our group level environment, health and safety (“EHS”)
management team and are in charge of the implementation of relevant policies and procedures and routine
inspections. Upon identification of any EHS risks, our EHS management team will conduct investigation, compose
risk assessment report and emergency response plan, and make filings with local governmental authority if required
under local laws and regulations, and take all applicable measures to reduce the impact of such risks or incidents.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    55
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 The Board is of opinion that the Company had adopted, applied and complied with the code provisions as set out
 in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period. Principal corporate
 governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” section of this
 annual report.


 CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
 The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing
 Rules.


 AUDITORS
 The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by
 Ernst & Young who will retire at the AGM. Ernst & Young, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment.
 A resolution for the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.


 AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
 The AGM will be held on May 19, 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be published on the Company’s website
 and the Stock Exchange’s website and dispatched to the Shareholders in accordance with the requirements of the
 Listing Rules in due course. For the purposes of determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote
 at the AGM, the Register of Members will be closed as appropriate as set out below:




56   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


FOR DETERMINING THE ENTITLEMENT TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE AGM
The Register of Members will be closed from May 14, 2026 to May 19, 2026, both days inclusive, during which
period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to determine the identity of members who are entitled to
attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
lodged for registration with the Company’s H share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
no later than 4:30 p.m. on May 13, 2026.




By order of the Board of
Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.
Dr. Pu Zhongjie
Chairman and Executive Director


Shanghai, the PRC
April 22, 2026




                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   57
 REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

 WORKS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN 2025
 In 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company conscientiously performed its supervising responsibilities on
 a good faith basis in strict compliance with the relevant requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including
 the Company Law, and the Articles, by obtaining an understanding of the Company’s production and operational
 conditions, financial position, operational decision making and investment and financing plans and supervising the
 performance of duties by the Directors and senior management of the Company, to safeguard the legitimate rights
 and interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole and strictly and effectively monitor the operational
 compliance of the Company.


 For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held a total of 3 meetings.
 All the Supervisors have conducted their work and performed their duties and obligations with due diligence in
 accordance with the requirements of normative documents such as the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory
 Committee. During the Reporting Period, no incidence of Directors or senior management prejudicing the
 Company’s interests or violating the laws, regulations or the Articles was noted by the Supervisory Committee. The
 Company operates well in compliance with the law and has established sound financial policies and internal control
 and risk management systems.


 2026 WORK PLAN
 In 2026, the Supervisory Committee will continue to strictly comply with the requirements of the law and
 regulations and the internal rules and systems of the Company to perform all its duties with due diligence and
 actively review each resolution and oversee the performance of duties by the Directors and senior management of
 the Company. The Supervisory Committee will enhance its communication with the Board and the management,
 pay attention to the building of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and promote the
 improvement of the corporate governance structure and the operational compliance of the Company.


 By order of the Supervisory Committee of
 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.
 Mr. Xu Yang
 Chairman of the Supervisory Committee


 Shanghai, the PRC
 April 22, 2026




58   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the Company’s corporate governance report in this annual report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Directors recognize the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the
management structures and internal control procedures of the Group so as to achieve effective accountability. The
Group is committed to achieve high standards of corporate governance with a view to safeguard the interests of
the Shareholders as a whole.


The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance since the Listing Date and has
adopted whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies and systems in accordance with Code Provisions D.2.6 and
D.2.7 of the CG Code.


The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code (as it was applicable to
corporate governance reports during the Reporting Period) during the Reporting Period.


The amendments to the CG Code came into effect on 1 July 2025 and the requirements under the new CG
Code will apply to the corporate governance reports and annual reports of the Company for the financial years
commencing on or after 1 July 2025. The Company will continue to review and enhance the corporate governance
practices to ensure compliance with the new CG Code and align with the latest developments.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Composition of the Board

The Company is committed to the view that the Board should include a balanced composition of executive
Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors so that there is a strong independent
element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.


As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of two executive Directors, namely Dr. Pu Zhongjie (Chairman
of the Board) and Dr. Sui Ziye (Chief Executive Officer), two non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Pu Jue and Ms.
Qin Yiran, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhou Demin, Mr. Yang Haifeng and Mr.
Fengmao Hua.


Their biographical details are set out in the “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” section
of this report. The overall management and supervision of the Company’s operation and the function of formulating
overall business strategies were vested in the Board. Dr. Pu Zhongjie is the father of Ms. Pu Jue. Other than that,
there is no family or blood relationship among members of the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and (2) of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one
independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related
financial management expertise. The three independent non-executive Directors represent one-third of the Board,
complying with the requirement under Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules whereby independent non-executive
Directors of a listed issuer must represent at least one-third of the board. The Board believes that there is sufficient
independence element in the Board to safeguard the interest of Shareholders.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   59
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
 and should not be performed by the same individual.


 During the Reporting Period, in line with the recommendations under the Listing Rules, the roles and functions of
 the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company were taken up by different individuals,
 and their respective duties were clearly defined.


 During the Reporting Period, Dr. Pu Zhongjie held the position of the chairman of the Board, and Dr. Sui Ziye held
 the position as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, responsible for the daily operation and management of
 the Company.


 Directors’ Responsibilities

 The Board takes the responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and
 approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, internal control and risk management systems, and monitor the
 performance of the senior executives. The Directors have to make decisions objectively in the interests of the
 Company.


 Liability insurance for Directors and senior management of the Company is maintained by the Company with
 appropriate coverage for certain legal liabilities which may arise in the course of performing their duties.


 Delegation by the Board

 The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
 responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
 conducting the day-to-day management and operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives
 meet regularly to review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall
 resources and make financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers
 of management including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation
 arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group.


 Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

 The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in
 accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
 responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.
 The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
 doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
 consolidated financial statements of the Group on a going concern basis.




60   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs)

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role in the Board by virtue of their independent judgment
and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decision. The functions of independent non-executive
Directors include bringing an impartial view and judgement on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and
control, as well as scrutinizing the Company’s performance and monitoring performance reporting.


The Company has multiple mechanisms in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
When reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee puts emphasis on
whether the composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including INEDs) is balanced and ensures that
there is a strong independent element on the Board. The INEDs each focuses on the business, finance and legal
aspects and should be of sufficient calibre and number for their views to carry weight. The INEDs also provide their
independent views on matters such as connected transactions. All Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities
to include matters in the agenda for regular Board meetings. Upon a reasonable request of any Director, the Board
should resolve to provide separate independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to the Director(s)
to assist such Director(s) or the Board in performing duties to the Company. If a substantial shareholder or a
Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to
be material, the matter should be dealt with by a Board meeting rather than a written resolution. INEDs who, and
whose associates, have no material interest in the transaction should be present at that Board meeting. Besides,
any controversial matter is required to be discussed at a Board meeting rather than being dealt with by a written
resolution so as to ensure that Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to exchange their views instantly
with each other. The Chairman at least annually holds a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of other
Directors. The Board considers that the implementation of above mechanisms is effective.


All independent non-executive Directors possess extensive academic, professional and industry expertise and
management experience and have made positive contributions to the development of the Company through
providing their professional advice to the Board.


Mr. Zhou Demin and Mr. Yang Haifeng were appointed from December 10, 2020. Mr. Fengmao Hua was appointed
from December 16, 2021. All independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term until the expiration of
the term of its first session of the Board on December 9, 2023. All independent non-executive Directors remained
on the Board until the EGM held on January 31, 2024, and were all re-elected as independent non-executive
Directors with effect from the same date for a term of three years.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   61
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Confirmation of independence

 The independence of the independent non-executive Directors has been assessed in accordance with the applicable
 Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for
 assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent.


 Board Diversity Policy

 The Company has adopted the board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach for achieving and
 maintaining diversity of the Board in order to enhance its effectiveness. In accordance with the board diversity
 policy, the Company seeks to achieve board diversity by taking into account a number of factors, including but
 not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and
 industry and regional experience.


 The Board have set the measurable objectives for implementing the board diversity policy which include having
 one-third female representation on the Board. For the Reporting Period, the Board consists of six male members
 and three female members, achieving a female representation of one-third. For the Reporting Period, the Board
 considers that the Board is diverse in gender. Going forward, the Board will continue to seek opportunities to
 increase the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable candidates are identified.


 Based on our review of the membership and composition of the Board, the Company is of the view that the
 structure of the Board is reasonable, and the experiences and skills of the Directors in various aspects and fields can
 enable the Company to maintain a high standard of operation.


 The Nomination Committee has also reviewed the implementation of the board diversity policy and considers
 it effective. The Board will continue to monitor the implementation and have continuous evaluation of the
 appropriateness and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.


 Our diversity philosophy including gender diversity was also generally followed within our workforce, and as at the
 date of this annual report, two of our senior management members out of three are female, achieving a female
 representation of over 60% parity in this regard, and 50% of our total workforce were male. Considering the
 nature of the industry, the Company believes that the gender ratio of employees in the Group is normal and is of
 the view that the Group has achieved gender diversity among employees. Therefore, the Company has not set any
 plans or measurable objectives for gender diversity.




62   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the requirements of the Articles, Directors (including non-executive Directors) shall be elected at the
general meeting with a term of three years. Each of the current non-executive Directors have been appointed for
a term of three years commencing on January 31, 2025. A Director may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon
the expiry of his/her term. The Company has implemented a set of effective procedures for the appointment of
new Directors. The nomination of new Directors shall be first deliberated by the Nomination Committee and then
submitted to the Board, subject to approval by election at the general meeting.


Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors has
entered into a service contract or a letter of appointment with the Company with a specific term. Such term is
subject to his retirement and re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company in accordance with the
Articles.


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not sign any relevant unexpired service contract which is not terminable
within a year without payment of any compensation, other than statutory compensation.


Ms. Qin Yiran (秦怡然) has been appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from June 27, 2025. She has
obtained the legal advice referred to the Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on April 21, 2026. She has confirmed that
she understood her obligations as a director of the Company.


COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are decided by the Board
with reference to the recommendation given by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, having regard to the
Company’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.


Details of the Directors’ emoluments and emoluments of the five highest paid individuals in the Group are set out
in notes 39 and 9 to financial statements on pages 226 to 228, and page 192 of this annual report. Details of the
Directors’, Supervisors’ and senior managements’ emoluments are set out in note 38 to financial statement on
pages 222 to 225 of this annual report.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, there was no remuneration paid or payable by the Company to any of the
Directors, Supervisors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Company or
as compensation for loss of office.


None of the Directors or Supervisors has waived any emoluments or benefits in kind for the year ended December
31, 2025.


Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended December 31,
2025, by the Company to or on behalf of any of the Directors.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   63
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 DIRECTORS’ TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
 Pursuant to the requirements of Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors will continue to participate in
 continuous professional development and provide the Company with records of the training they received to ensure
 that their contributions to the Board remain informed and relevant. Every newly appointed Director will be given
 a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on appointment. Subsequently, Directors will receive updates on
 the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements and the latest development of the Group’s business. All
 Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses and the Company will arrange relevant trainings when
 necessary.


 During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company have provided the relevant materials including legal and
 regulatory updates to the Directors for their reference and studying. Pursuant to the requirements of the Code
 Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors have provided the Company with records of the training they received
 to ensure that their contributions to the Board remain informed and relevant.


 BOARD MEETINGS
 Pursuant to Code Provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted the practice of holding Board
 meetings for at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Notice of not less than fourteen days are
 given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in
 the agenda for a regular meeting in accordance with Code Provisions C.5.2 and C.5.3 of the CG Code.


 All Directors are provided with agenda and relevant information in advance before a Board meeting. They have
 access to the senior management and the joint company secretaries of the Company at all times and, upon
 reasonable request, may seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expense.


 Minutes of Board meetings are kept by the secretary to the Board with copies circulated to all Directors for
 information and records. Minutes of Board meetings and committee meetings record sufficient detail of the matters
 considered by the Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the
 Directors. Draft minutes of Board meetings and committee meetings are sent to the Directors for perusal within
 a reasonable time after the date on which a meeting is held. The minutes of the Board meetings are open for
 inspection by Directors.




64   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Attendance Record of Directors and Committee Members

The attendance record of each Director during their respective tenure of office at the Board and the relevant Board
committee meeting(s) and the general meeting(s) of the Company held during the Reporting Period is set out in the
table below:


                                                                     Attendance/Number of meetings

                                                                              Remuneration                       Annual          Other
                                                        Audit Nomination       and Appraisal      Strategy       general       general
Name of Director                         Board    Committee     Committee         Committee     Committee       meeting      meetings

Dr. Pu Zhongjie (retired from the
  Nomination Committee with
  effect from June 27, 2025)                8/8           N/A           1/1               1/1           1/1           1/1           1/1
Dr. Sui Ziye                                8/8           N/A           N/A              N/A            1/1           1/1           1/1
Ms. Pu Jue (appointed to the
  Nomination Committee with
  effect from June 27, 2025)(1)             8/8           4/4           N/A              N/A           N/A            1/1           1/1
Ms. Qin Yiran (appointed with
  effect from June 27 2025)                 4/4           N/A           N/A              N/A           N/A            1/1           1/1
Mr. Zhou Demin                              8/8           N/A           1/1              N/A            1/1           1/1           1/1
Mr. Yang Haifeng                            8/8           4/4           1/1               1/1          N/A            1/1           1/1
Mr. Fengmao Hua                             8/8           4/4           N/A               1/1          N/A            1/1           1/1
Mr. Yang Hongbing (retired with
  effect from June 27 2025)                 4/4           N/A           N/A              N/A           N/A            1/1           1/1


Note:

(1)      No Nomination Committee meetings have been held since the appointment of Ms. Pu Jue to the Nomination Committee with effect from
         27 June 2025.


NOMINATION POLICY
The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include to consider and recommend to the Board suitable
and qualified candidates of Directors and to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and the board
diversity policy adopted by the Company on a regular basis.


The Nomination Committee may consult any source it deems appropriate in identifying or selecting suitable
candidates, such as referrals from existing Directors, advertising, recommendations from third-party agency firm,
and proposals properly submitted by the Shareholders. The Board will consider the recommendations of the
Nomination Committee and shall have the final decision on all matters relating to recommending candidates to
stand for election at any general meeting or appointing the suitable candidate to act as the Director to fill the Board
vacancies or as an addition to the Board members, subject to compliance with the constitutional documents of the
Company. All appointments of Director should be confirmed by a letter of appointment and/or service contract
setting out the key terms and conditions of the appointment of Directors.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.            65
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The Nomination Committee will assess, select and recommend candidate(s) for directorships to the Board by giving
 due consideration to criteria including but not limited to:


 •         Reputation for character and integrity;


 •         Accomplishment and experience in the relevant industries in which the Company’s business is involved and
           other professional qualifications;


 •         Skills that are complementary to those of the existing Board;


 •         Commitment for responsibilities of the Board in respect of available time and relevant interest;


 •         Diversity in aspects including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
           professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;


 •         Contribution that the candidate(s) can potentially bring to the Board;


 •         Plans in place for the orderly succession of the Board; and


 •         (in relation to the candidate(s) for independent non-executive directorship), factors set out in Rules 3.10(2)
           and 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


 The Nomination Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the
 Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


 During the Reporting Period, Ms. Qin Yiran was appointed, with effect from June 27, 2025, Mr. Yang Hongbing
 was retired, with effect from June 27, 2025.


 COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
 AND SUPERVISORS
 During the Reporting Period, the Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding
 securities transactions by the Directors and the Supervisors. Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors
 and Supervisors and each of them has confirmed that he/she has complied with the Model Code for the Reporting
 Period.


 As required by the Company, relevant officers and employees of the Company are also bound by the Model Code,
 which prohibits them to deal in securities of the Company at any time when he/she possesses insider information in
 relation to those securities. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees who are
 likely to be in possession of inside information of the Company was aware by the Company.




66   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO MEMBERS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Pursuant to Code Provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the annual remuneration of members of the senior management
(other than Directors) by band for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below. Directors’ remuneration
policy is provided in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors – Compensation of
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this annual report.


                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                          members of
                                                                                                senior management

Nil to RMB1,000,000                                                                                                    -
RMB1,000,001 to RMB2,000,000                                                                                           1
RMB2,000,001 to RMB3,000,000                                                                                           1
RMB3,000,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                           -
RMB4,000,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                           -
Over RMB5,000,001                                                                                                      -


DIVIDEND POLICY
No dividends have been declared or paid by entities comprising the Group. The Company currently expects to retain
all future earnings for use in operation and expansion of the Group’s business. No dividend shall be declared or
payable except out of profits and reserves lawfully available for distribution.


As confirmed by the Company’s PRC Legal Adviser, according to relevant PRC laws, any future net profit that the
Company makes will have to be first applied to make up for our historically accumulated losses, after which the
Company will be obliged to allocate 10% of the net profit to statutory common reserve fund until such fund has
reached more than 50% of the registered capital. The Company will therefore only be able to declare dividends
after (i) all historically accumulated losses have been made up for; and (ii) sufficient net profit has been allocated to
the statutory common reserve fund as described above.


The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends pursuant to Code Provision F.1.1 of the CG Code
taking into consideration of various factors including but not limited to, among other things, the actual/projected
financial performance of the Group, operational capital need, cash flow, future expansion plans, current and future
liquidity condition, internal and external circumstances that may impact upon the Company’s business or financial
performance or condition, or any other conditions which the Board may deem relevant. The policy sets out the
factors in consideration, procedures and methods of the payment of dividends and has been approved by the
Shareholders. According to the policy, the distribution of dividends will be formulated by the Board, and will be
subject to Shareholders’ approval.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       67
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
 In accordance with Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
 governance duties including:


 •      to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


 •      to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
        management;


 •      to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
        requirements;


 •      to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
        and Directors; and


 •      to review the Company’s compliance with Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (CG Code) and disclosure in the
        Corporate Governance Report.


 The Board has performed the above duties for the Reporting Period.


 BOARD COMMITTEES
 The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal
 Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the
 Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference
 which deal clearly with their authorities and duties pursuant to paragraph C.4 of the CG Code.


 Audit Committee

 The Company has established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
 the Listing Rules and paragraphs C.4 and D.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Fengmao Hua,
 Mr. Yang Haifeng and Ms. Pu Jue.


 The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Fengmao Hua and he is our independent non-executive Director with
 the appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The primary
 responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the Company’s financial reporting process,
 including:


 •      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, replacement and removal of the external
        auditor, approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and deal with all
        matters of the resignation or dismissal of external auditor;




68   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit
      process in accordance with applicable standards and to discuss with the external auditor the nature and
      scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;


•     to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to provide non-audit services;


•     to review the financial control, internal control and risk management system of the Company;


•     to discuss with the management on risk management and internal control system to ensure that the
      management has performed its duty to maintain an effective risk management and internal control system;


•     to monitor the internal audit system of the Company and ensure the implementation of such systems;


•     to facilitate communications between the internal audit department and the external auditor;


•     to review the external auditor’s audit letter to the management, major queries raised by the external auditors
      about accounting records, financial accounts or control systems and the response of the management;


•     to review the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company;


•     to review the financial information and relevant disclosures of the Company; and


•     to monitor the Company in respect of financial reporting system, risk management and internal controls
      system.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee has mainly performed the following duties:


•     reviewed the Group’s audited annual results for the year ended December 31, 2024;


•     made recommendations to the Board on the appointment of the external auditor and the remuneration and
      terms of engagement of the external auditor; and


•     reviewed and monitored the financial control, internal control and risk management system of the Group.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee has held 4 meetings to review (among other things) the
draft audited annual consolidated financial statements and significant issues on the financial reporting, the draft
annual results announcement, the draft annual report, the effectiveness and sufficiency of the risk management
and internal control systems, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function, and the appointment
of external auditors. The attendance records of the Audit Committee for the Reporting Period are set out under
“Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors – Board Meetings – Attendance Record of Directors and
Committee Members” of this annual report.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   69
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

 The Company has established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with written terms of reference in
 compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and paragraph E.1 of the CG Code. The Remuneration and Appraisal
 Committee consists of Mr. Yang Haifeng, Mr. Fengmao Hua, Dr Pu Zhongjie, and is chaired by Mr. Yang Haifeng.
 The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include:

 •      to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all
        Directors, Supervisors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
        procedure for developing the remuneration policy;

 •      to review and approve the remuneration proposals of senior management with reference to the Board’s
        corporate goals and objectives;

 •      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the executive Director and senior
        management or to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of the executive
        Director and senior management. The remuneration packages shall include benefits in kind, pension rights
        and compensation payments (including compensation for loss or termination of their office or appointment);

 •      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

 •      to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment
        conditions elsewhere in the Group;

 •      to review and approve the compensation payable to the executive Director and senior management for
        their loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that such compensation is consistent with the
        contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

 •      to review and approve the compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of the Directors for
        misconduct to ensure that such compensation is consistent with the contractual terms and is otherwise fair
        and not excessive; and

 •      to ensure that no Director or any of their associates is involved in deciding that Director’s own remuneration.

 During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has mainly performed the following
 duties:

 •      made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration package of the executive Directors and senior
        management;

 •      reviewed and made recommendations to the Board on the procedure for developing the remuneration
        policy;

 •      reviewed the performance of duties of Directors and senior management of the Company; and

 •      made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration package of new appointment of non-executive
        Director.

 •      reviewed and approved the adoption of the RSU Scheme.




70   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Period to perform the above
duties. The attendance records of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for the Reporting Period are set out
under “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors – Board Meetings – Attendance Record of Directors and
Committee Members” of this annual report.


Nomination Committee

The Company has established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The Nomination Committee consists of Mr. Zhou Demin, Mr. Yang Haifeng, and
Ms. Pu Jue. Mr. Zhou Demin is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The primary responsibilities of the
Nomination Committee include:


•     to review the structure, size and composition of the Board (including the skills, knowledge and experience)
      at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
      Company’s corporate strategy;


•     to identify individuals suitably qualified to become board members and select and make recommendations to
      the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;


•     to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


•     to develop and maintain a policy for the nomination of the directors;


•     to develop and maintain a policy concerning diversity of the board of directors, and to review periodically
      and disclose the policy in the corporate governance report;


•     to review annually the time required to be devoted by the non-executive directors and independent non –
      executive directors; and


•     to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
      planning for Directors.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee has mainly performed the following duties:


•     reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board;


•     developed, reviewed and assessed the board diversity policy;


•     assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


The Nomination Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Period to perform the above duties. The
attendance records of the Nomination Committee during the period from the Listing Date to the date of this annual
report are set out under “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors – Board Meetings – Attendance Record
of Directors and Committee Members” of this annual report.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   71
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Strategy Committee

 The Company has established a Strategy Committee, which consists of Dr. Pu Zhongjie, Dr. Sui Ziye, and Mr. Zhou
 Demin. Dr. Pu Zhongjie is the chairman of the Strategy Committee. The primary responsibilities of the Strategy
 Committee include:


 •      to conduct research and make recommendations for the long-term strategic development plans of the
        Company;


 •      to conduct research and make recommendations for major investment plans which are subject to the
        approval of the Board;


 •      to conduct research and make recommendations for major capital operation and asset operation projects
        which are subject to the approval of the Board;


 •      to review the annual investment plan of the Company;


 •      to conduct research and make recommendations for major investment programs which are subject to the
        approval of the Board; and


 •      other duties as conferred by the Board.


 During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee has mainly performed the following duties:


 •      conducted research and make recommendations for the long-term strategic development plans of the
        Company and major investment programs; and


 •      reviewed the annual investment plan of the Company.


 The Strategy Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Period to perform the above duties. The attendance
 records of the Strategy Committee during the period from the Listing Date to the date of this annual report are set
 out under “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors – Board Meetings – Attendance Record of Directors
 and Committee Members” of this annual report.




72   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The Supervisory Committee is a supervisory body of the Company which is responsible for the supervision of the
Board and its members and senior management such as the general manager and deputy general manager so as to
prevent them from the misuse of authority and infringement upon lawful rights of the Shareholders, the Company
and the Company’s employees. The number of members and the composition of the Supervisory Committee are
in line with the provisions and requirements of the laws, regulations and the Articles. From the Listing Date up to
and including the date of this annual report, the Supervisory Committee was comprised of three Supervisors, of
whom one was an employee representative supervisor democratically elected by staff and workers congress of the
Company. The background and biographical details of the supervisors are set out in the section headed “Biographies
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this annual report.


FINANCIAL REPORTING SYSTEM, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND INTERNAL CONTROL
SYSTEM
Financial Reporting System

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2025, which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
Group’s financial performance and cash flows. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that
the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.


The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


Risk Management and Internal Control

The Company is exposed to various risks in its business operations and the Company recognizes that risk
management is critical to its success. Please refer to the “Directors’ Report – Principal Risks and Uncertainties”
section of this report for a discussion of various operational risks and uncertainties faced by the Company.


The Company is devoted to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems consisting
of policies, procedures and risk management methods that are considered to be appropriate for the Company’s
business operations, and the Company is dedicated to continuously reviewing and improving these systems in
terms of their effectiveness. The Company has adopted and implemented comprehensive internal control and risk
management policies in various aspects of our business operations. Such systems are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failing to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss. In accordance with Code Provisions D.2.1 and D.2.4 of the CG
Code, the Board, supported by the Audit Committee, confirms its responsibility for the Company’s risk management
and internal control systems and will oversee and review their effectiveness on an annual basis. The Company
considers that the Directors and the senior management possess the necessary knowledge and experience in
providing good corporate governance oversight in connection with risk management and internal control.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   73
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The Audit Committee will oversee and manage the overall risks associated with the Company’s business operations,
 including:


 (i)        reviewing the financial control, internal control, and risk management system of the Company;


 (ii)       discussing with the management on risk management and internal control system to ensure that the
            management has performed its duty to maintain an effective risk management and internal control system
            with consideration to, among others,


            (a)    the adequacy of resources;


            (b)    qualifications, experience and training of staff;


            (c)    budget pertaining to the accounting and financial reporting functions;


 (iii)      considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control on its own initiative or as
            delegated by the Board and the management’s response to those findings;


 (iv)       monitoring the Company in respect of financial reporting system, risk management and internal control
            system;


 (v)        reviewing the risk management strategies and solutions for major risk management issues; and


 (vi)       to assess and determine the environmental, social and governance risks of the Company, to ensure the
            establishment of an appropriate and effective control system for environmental, social and governance risks
            and internal control system.


 The Company has adopted and will continue to adopt, among other things, the following risk management
 measures:


 Financial Reporting Risk Management

 The Company has in place a set of accounting policies in connection with the Company’s financial reporting risk
 management, such as financial reporting management policies and budget management policies. The Company has
 various procedures in place to implement accounting policies and the finance department reviews the management
 accounts based on such procedures. The Company also provides regular training to the finance department staff
 to ensure that they understand the financial management and accounting policies and implement them in the
 Company’s daily operations.




74       Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Information System Risk Management

Sufficient maintenance, storage and protection of user data and other related information is critical to the
Company’s success. The Company has implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that user
data is protected, and that leakage and loss of such data is avoided. The Company provides information security
training to the employees and conduct ongoing trainings and discuss any issues or necessary updates from time to
time.


Patient Data Management

The Company has taken measures to maintain the confidentiality of the medical records and personal data of
subjects enrolled in the clinical trials the Company collected. The measures include encrypting such information
in the information technology system so that it cannot be viewed without proper authorisation, as well as setting
internal rules requiring employees to maintain the confidentiality of the subjects’ medical records.


Quality Control Risk Management

The Company’s quality control system is an essential component of the risk management and internal control
system. Thequality control measures cover all aspects of the Company’s manufacturing operations, including
design and construction of manufacturing facilities, the installation and maintenance of manufacturing equipment,
procurement of raw materials and packaging materials, quality checks of raw materials, work-in-progress and
finished products, monitoring adverse drug reactions and verification of documentation. The procedures and
methodologies of the Company’s quality control system are based on GMP standards, the PRC Pharmacopoeia and
other applicable domestic and international standards.


Anti-bribery and Anti-kickback

The Company strictly prohibits bribery or other improper payments in any of the business operations. This
prohibition applies to all business activities anywhere in the world, whether involving government officials, medical
professionals or private or public payors. Improper payments prohibited by this policy include bribes, kickbacks,
excessive gifts or entertainment, or any other payment made or offered to obtain an undue business advantage. The
Company keeps accurate books and records that reflect transactions and asset dispositions in reasonable details.
The Company also ensures that the commercialization team complies with applicable promotion and advertising
requirements, which include restrictions on promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations and
limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities.


Human Resources Risk Management

The Company formulates recruitment plan based on the turnover rate and future business plan, and constantly
improves recruitment process with the aid of information technology.




                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   75
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Internal Control Systems

 The Company has designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of business operations
 with the relevant rules and regulations. The Company’s internal audit team is responsible for:


 •      working closely with the external auditor for annual auditing, reviewing, analysing, and following up on the
        advice of the external auditor;


 •      performing risk assessment and monitoring the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and
        internal control system of the Company;


 •      reporting the review on risk management and internal control system to the Audit Committee; and


 •      working closely with business groups to promote risk awareness.


 In accordance with the Company’s procedures, financial and legal departments examine contract terms and review
 all relevant documents for the business operations, including licenses and permits obtained by the vendors and
 all the necessary underlying due diligence materials, before the Company enter into any agreement or business
 arrangements.


 The executive committee of the Company, which comprises senior management and functional heads, oversees and
 manages the overall risks associated with the Company’s business operations, including:


 •      reviewing and approving the Company’s risk management policy to ensure that it is consistent with the
        corporate objectives;


 •      reviewing and approving the Company’s corporate risk tolerance;


 •      monitoring the most significant risks associated with the Company’s business operation and the
        management’s handling of such risks;


 •      reviewing the Company’s corporate risk in the light of the corporate risk tolerance; and


 •      monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of the Company’s risk management framework.


 The regulatory affairs department oversees the obtaining of any requisite governmental pre-approvals or consents,
 including:


 •      formulating and updating the Company’s risk management policy and target;


 •      promulgating risk management measures;




76   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•      providing guidance on the Company’s risk management approach to the relevant departments;


•      reviewing the relevant departments’ reporting on key risks and providing feedbacks;


•      supervising the implementation of the Company’s risk management measures by the relevant departments;


•      reporting to the executive committee on material risks; and


•      ensuring that the appropriate structure, processes and competences are in place across the Group.


For IP-related issues, in particular, we have engaged third party IP legal advisers to assist us in registering and
applying for and reviewing the relevant patent and trademark rights of our IPs. The Company has also engaged
a Compliance Adviser to provide advice to the Directors and management team regarding matters relating to the
Listing Rules. The Compliance Adviser is expected to provide support and advice regarding the requirements of
relevant regulatory authorities, including those relating to corporate governance, on a timely basis. The Company
has also engaged a PRC Legal Adviser to advise it on, and keep it abreast with, PRC laws and regulations.


At present, the Company has built internal control policies covering procurement, supplier management, research
and development, clinical trial registry management, product storage, system maintenance, software management,
insurance and capital management, tax management, human resources and compensation management,
information security and intellectual property rights, financial reporting and disclosure and other business processes.


The Company has adopted whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies and systems in accordance with Code
Provisions D.2.6 and D.2.7 of the CG Code. The Company has also engaged an independent internal control
consultant to review and provide recommendations to the Company on its internal controls before the Listing.


The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management, reviewed the risk management and
internal control systems from the Listing Date up to and including the Latest Practicable Date, and considered that
such systems are effective and adequate.


HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has adopted policies in respect of the confidentiality management of the Company’s information and
the disclosure of inside information, sensitive information or confidential information in accordance with the SFO
and the Listing Rules to ensure confidentiality when handling inside information and the publication of relevant
disclosures to the public as soon as practicable. Under this policy, the Company disseminates information to
specified persons on a need-to-know basis, and requires all employees who have access to the inside information to
maintain strict confidentiality of the inside information until it is announced. The policy also sets out the procedures
for identifying, handling and monitoring inside information or sensitive or confidential information, the scope of
inside information and the procedures and precautionary measures for reporting or leakage of inside information of
the Group.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   77
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
 The Company appointed Ernst & Young as the external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2025. A statement
 by Ernst & Young about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent
 Auditor’s Report on pages 165 to 166. The remunerations paid to Ernst & Young in respect of its audit services and
 non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                            Fees paid
 Service                                                                                                   (RMB’000)

 Audit services                                                                                                 2,642
 Non-audit services                                                                                               147
 Total                                                                                                          2,789


 The above remuneration excluded the service fees paid/payable to Ernst & Young as the reporting accountant of the
 Company in connection with the Global offering.


 The Audit Committee was satisfied that the non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young in 2025 did not affect its
 independence as the Company’s auditor.


 JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
 The Company appointed Ms. Li Yunyi, a full-time employee of the Company, and Ms. Lai Siu Kuen, a director of
 Tricor Services Limited, an external service provider, as joint company secretaries of the Company on April 18, 2021.
 Ms. Li, who is also the chief financial officer and the secretary to the Board, is the primary corporate contact person
 at the Group, which would work and communicate with Ms. Lai on the Company’s corporate governance and
 secretarial matters.


 In compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, from the Listing Date, the joint company secretaries will
 undertake professional training for not less than 15 hours in each financial year. The biographies of Ms. Li and Ms.
 Lai are set out in the “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” section of this report.


 All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and
 board practices related matters.




78   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
Important Shareholders’ Dates

Financial Calendar 2025


Announcement of the 2025 annual results                                                             March 25, 2026
Publication of the 2025 annual report                                                                April 22, 2026
2025 annual general meeting                                                                           May 19, 2026

For Shareholders to Attend and Vote at 2025 Annual General Meeting


Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration with the Company’s H Share                    4:30 p.m. on
  Registrar in Hong Kong                                                                              May 13, 2026
Closure of the Register of Members (both days inclusive)                                            May 14, 2026 -
                                                                                                      May 19, 2026

PUBLIC FLOAT
Pursuant to information available for public and as far as Directors are aware, during the Reporting Period and as of
the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the public float in accordance with the Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting

Pursuant to the Articles, Shareholders severally or jointly holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company shall
be entitled to request the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting in writing.


The Board shall, pursuant to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles, inform in writing whether it agrees or
disagrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting within 10 days upon receipt of the request.


If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such meeting within 5
days after the resolution is made by the Board. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth in the
notice, the consent of relevant Shareholders shall be obtained.


If the Board does not agree to hold the extraordinary general meeting or fails to respond within 10 days upon
receipt of the request, Shareholders severally or jointly 10% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled
to propose to the Supervisory Committee to convene an extraordinary general meeting in writing.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    79
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such
 meeting within 5 days upon receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth
 in the notice, the consent of relevant Shareholders shall be obtained.


 In case of failure to issue the notice of extraordinary general meeting within the prescribed period, the Supervisory
 Committee shall be deemed as failing to convene general meeting and the Shareholders severally or jointly holding
 10% or more shares of the Company for 90 or more consecutive days may convene and preside over such meeting
 by itself/themselves.


 Right to Put Forward Proposals at a General Meeting

 When a general meeting is convened by the Company, Shareholders who severally or jointly hold 3% or more of
 the shares of the Company, shall be entitled to make proposals to the general meetings and submit them in writing
 to the convener 10 days before the convening of the general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental
 notice of the general meeting within 2 days upon receipt of the proposals and announce the contents of the
 proposals.


 Right to Propose a Person for Election as a Director

 Shareholders may nominate a person for election as a Director of the Company at a general meeting.


 Shareholders who individually or jointly hold above 3% of the Company’s shares have the right to propose a motion
 to nominate a person for a directorship and submit it to the Board in writing 7 days before the date of the general
 meeting.


 The written notice regarding the intention to nominate a candidate for a directorship and the indication of the
 candidate’s willingness to accept the nomination shall be issued to the Company not less than 7 days before the
 date of the general meeting and such notice period shall not be less than 7 days. The period for issuing such notice
 to the Company shall commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting for the election
 of directors and end on the 7th day before the date of the general meeting.


 Right to Directing Enquiries to the Board

 Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing to the Company’s
 headquarters and principal place of business in China at No. 651, Lianheng Road, Minhang District, Shanghai,
 PRC. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company or contact our
 Investor Relations team through email at ir@lepubiopharma.com .




80   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company has in place a Shareholders’ communication policy to ensure that Shareholders’ views and concerns
are appropriately addressed.


The Company continuously attaches great importance to maintaining and developing investor relations for a long
time, enhances transparency of the corporate information by promptly and effectively releasing the corporate
information to the public, which has established effective channels for the Company to communicate with
Shareholders. The Company publishes its announcements, financial information, and other relevant information on
its website (www.lepubiopharma.com) and the website of Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk), as a channel to
facilitate effective communication.


The Board welcomes Shareholders’ views and encourages them to attend general meetings to convey any concerns
they might have to the Board or the management. Members of the Board (in particular chairpersons of board
committees or their delegates), key management officers and external auditors will attend annual general meetings.
At the general meetings, all Shareholders attending the meeting may make enquiries to the Directors and other
management in respect of matters relevant to the resolutions. The Company has published detailed contact
methods through its website, notices of the general meeting, circulars to the Shareholders and annual reports for
Shareholders to express their views or make enquiries.


The Board has reviewed the Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company during the Reporting Period in
terms of its implementation and effectiveness. By reviewing the views of Shareholders that have been received as
well as assessing how the opinions of Shareholders have been considered in reaching important strategic decisions
during the Reporting Period, the Board is satisfied that the current policy is adequate and effective.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers it crucial to provide investors with accurate information in a timely manner and maintains
communication with investors through effective communication channels, with an aim to enhance mutual
understanding between investors and the Company and to improve the transparency of the Company’s information
disclosure.


In accordance with the Listing Rules, the Company shall duly disseminate its corporate information via various
channels, including regular reports, announcements and company website.


THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The amendments of the Articles were passed and approved on December 2, 2025. For details of amendments to
the Company’s articles of association, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated December 2, 2025.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   81
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
 GOVERNANCE REPORT
 ABOUT THIS REPORT
 This Environmental, Social and Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as “this Report”) issued by Lepu
 Biopharma Co., Ltd. is prepared in a faithful and reliable manner to disclose Lepu Biopharma’s efforts and
 achievements in the field of environmental, social and governance (hereinafter referred to as “ESG”) in 2025 to all
 stakeholders. This Report should be read in conjunction with the Corporate Governance Report in the annual report
 and the “Corporate Governance” section of Lepu Biopharma’s website to enable readers to have a comprehensive
 understanding of the Company’s practices and measures in ESG aspects.


 Reporting Scope

 Unless otherwise indicated, the reporting scope is the actual business scope of Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
 referred to as “Lepu Biopharma”, “Our Company”, “The Company” or “We”) and its controlling subsidiaries.


 Reporting Period

 This is an annual report covering the period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 unless otherwise specified.
 To enhance the comparability and completeness of this Report, part of its content can be traced back to previous
 years or extended to the following years.


 Reporting Standards

 This Report is prepared with reference to the Appendix C2 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code in
 the Main Board Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) and adheres to the
 reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency.


 During the preparation of this Report, major stakeholders and their ESG issues of concern have been identified, and
 targeted disclosures have been made in this Report according to the relative importance of their concerns. Please
 refer to the following sections of “Communications with Stakeholders” and “Materiality Analysis” for details about
 the materiality assessment.


 In this Report, the key performance indicators (KPIs) in environmental and social dimensions were presented in the
 form of quantified data. The quantitative criteria, tools used for calculation, methods of measurement and suitable
 conversion factors used in this Report have been clearly described and the statistical method used is consistent with
 that used previously.


 Data Source

 Unless otherwise specified, all data and cases referenced in this Report are derived from the public information,
 statistical report, related documents and internal communication documents of the Company.


 Approval and Confirmation

 This Report has been confirmed by management and approved by the Board of Directors on April 22, 2026.


 Access to the Report

 The electronic format of this Report is available at the website of the Company (www.lepubiopharma.com) and the
 website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).



82   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ABOUT LEPU BIOPHARMA
(I)   Company Profile

      Lepu Biopharma Technology Co., Ltd. is an innovative biopharmaceutical enterprise headquartered in
      China and committed to global growth, with a focus on targeted and immunotherapy for oncology. At
      the core of our capabilities lies our Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) technology platform, which underpins
      a diversified and differentiated pipeline encompassing immunotherapies and oncolytic virus therapies.
      We have established end-to-end, integrated capabilities across the entire biopharmaceutical value chain
      – from drug discovery and clinical development, through CMC (Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls),
      to GMP-compliant manufacturing. Listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2022,
      the Company achieved a milestone in 2025 with the approval of our flagship product – the world’s first
      EGFR-targeted ADC – marking the first half-year profitability in our history. We have built a nationwide
      commercialization network and secured multiple high-impact international licensing collaborations,
      demonstrating the global competitiveness of our technology platform. Looking ahead, we will continue
      to explore synergistic treatment strategies, advance sustainable development, actively fulfil our social
      responsibilities, and further strengthen our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) framework. With
      internationally leading innovative therapies, we are committed to delivering superior treatment options to
      patients worldwide and addressing unmet clinical needs.




                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   83
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 (II)      Corporate Honors


                    Honorary Title                            Issuing Authority             Image


                                                        Shanghai Municipal Science and
                                                            Technology Commission
                 Shanghai High-Tech
                                                      Shanghai Municipal Finance Bureau
                       Enterprise
                                                      Shanghai Municipal Taxation Bureau,
                                                         State Taxation Administration




                 Specialized, Refined,                        Shanghai Municipal
              Differential and Innovative                Commission of Economy and
                         SME                                    Informatization




                                                              Shanghai Municipal
                    Innovative SME                       Commission of Economy and
                                                                Informatization




                                                              Communist Party of
                  2025 Innovation &                     China Pujiang Town Committee
                   Win-Win Partner                          Pujiang Town People‘s
                                                                 Government




                    Most Valuable                               Zhitong Caijing
               Pharmaceutical Company                          (Financial Media)




              2024 Enterprise Award for                     Pujiang Town People’s
             Economic Development Leap                           Government




84      Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1.    LEADING SUSTAINABILITY, SHAPING A RESPONSIBLE BLUEPRINT
1.1   ESG Management

      Our Company has long been committed to establishing a high-standard ESG management system,
      continuously optimizing ESG strategies, improving the ESG governance structure, gradually enhancing the
      quality of ESG work, implementing ESG concepts and requirements into corporate governance and company
      development, and continuously improving the level of ESG management.


      1.1.1 ESG Strategy

            We actively respond to the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, continuously optimize our energy
            profile, and strive to reduce the environmental impact of our operations, proactively addressing
            the challenges posed by climate change. We remain committed to innovation-driven development,
            consistently increasing research and development investment, enhancing product quality, and building
            a reliable and sustainable supplier management system.


            We consistently uphold the “People-oriented” concept, prioritizing employee growth and well-being
            while effectively safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests. Meanwhile, we actively contribute
            to community development. Committed to corporate social responsibility, we engage in public welfare
            initiatives, support vulnerable groups, and give back to society through donations of medical supplies
            and the construction of infrastructure. Guided by values of responsibility, integrity, and transparency,
            we strive to collaborate with all stakeholders toward shared growth and sustainable long-term
            development.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   85
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        1.1.2 ESG Governance Structure

                                                        Board Statement

               The Board of Directors of Lepu Biopharma serves as the highest-level governing body responsible for
               overseeing the Company’s ESG initiatives. With the support of the Audit Committee, the Board makes
               strategic decisions and reviews ESG-related matters, including the formulation of ESG strategies,
               setting of key objectives, periodic assessment of progress toward targets, and evaluation of ESG
               performance. To effectively implement our ESG strategy, we have established an ESG organizational
               structure spanning all subsidiaries and cross-functional departments, along with dedicated ESG
               functional units and designated ESG management personnel at each subsidiary to lead and execute
               ESG activities.


               Lepu Biopharma conducts regular ESG issue materiality assessments, identifying and prioritizing key
               issues for management and improvement. The assessment process and outcomes are documented
               in the “Communications with Stakeholders” and “Materiality Analysis” sections of the annual ESG
               report and are reviewed by the Board. We place significant emphasis on the potential material impact
               of ESG risks on the Company. The Audit Committee discusses and determines the Company’s ESG
               risks and opportunities, with a focus on managing and enhancing key issues as central components of
               our ESG agenda.


               In daily operations, functional departments and subsidiaries are responsible for implementing ESG-
               related initiatives. They regularly monitor and analyse ESG performance indicators to ensure the
               effective achievement of the Company’s ESG strategy and targets.




86   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1.2   Communication with Stakeholders

      We attach great importance to interactions with stakeholders, and regularly and fully communicate with
      various stakeholders through various channels to understand their demands and respond positively.


      In alignment with our business operations and industry development trends, we have established multiple
      communication and feedback channels to identify stakeholders’ input, expectations, and key ESG concerns.
      These insights serve as critical references for shaping our ESG management priorities and guiding the content
      and disclosures in this Report. The specific approaches are outlined as follows:


                                                                                  Main Communication and
      Stakeholders                           Expectations and Demands             Feedback Channels

      Governments and                        Employment                           Fulfilment of legal compliance and
       regulatory authorities                Supply chain management              obligation
                                             Product responsibility               Establishment of operational compliance
                                             Anti-corruption                      and internal control mechanisms
                                             Community investment                 Regular reporting of company operations
                                                                                  Continuous enhancement of pharmaceutical
                                                                                  quality
                                                                                  Promotion of coordinated development
                                                                                  throughout the industry
                                                                                  Legal tax compliance
      Shareholders and investors             Employment                           Shareholders’ General Meetings
                                             Product responsibility               Results announcement
                                             Anti-corruption                      Interim and annual reports
                                                                                  Announcements on significant events
                                                                                  Telephone, email, and online investor
                                                                                  communications
                                                                                  Investor meetings and on-site inspections
                                                                                  Company’s website
      Employees                              Employment                           Employee performance assessment
                                             Health and safety                    and feedback
                                             Development and training             Internal communication meetings for
                                             Labour standards                     employees
                                                                                  Internal announcements and emails
                                                                                  Employee training activities
                                                                                  Distribution of employee benefits




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.           87
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                         Main Communication and
        Stakeholders                               Expectations and Demands              Feedback Channels

        Patients                                   Product responsibility                Strict implementation of full process
                                                   Anti-corruption                       drug quality control
                                                                                         Protection of customer information and
                                                                                         optimization of complaint mechanisms
                                                                                         Handling of consumer complaints and
                                                                                         feedback
                                                                                         Information disclosures
                                                                                         Communication on products
        Suppliers                                  Supply chain management               Supplier tendering and review
                                                   Anti-corruption                       Standardized management and
                                                                                         implementation of contracts and
                                                                                         agreements
                                                                                         Regular communication meetings with
                                                                                         suppliers
                                                                                         Site visit to suppliers
        Media and non-governmental                 Emissions                             Compliant disclosure of environmental
          organizations                            Use of resource                       performance data and setting
                                                   Environmental and natural resources   environmental targets
                                                   Employment                            Press conference
                                                   Supply chain management               Press interview
                                                   Product responsibility                Official WeChat account of the
                                                                                         Company
                                                                                         Social media
                                                                                         Industry seminars
        Community                                  Community investment                  Community engagement and
                                                                                         communication
                                                                                         Identification of community demands




88   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1.3     Materiality Analysis

        To clarify the key focus areas for our sustainability practices and disclosure, we have systematically
        conducted interviews with management across internal functional departments, while maintaining regular
        communication with investors, customers, and regulatory authorities. This comprehensive process enabled us
        to gather diverse internal and external perspectives and expectations. We reviewed and updated our matrix
        of material issues during the Reporting Period. Based on this assessment, we identified and summarized 5
        topics of high materiality, 12 topics of moderate materiality, and 2 topics of general materiality, which were
        then mapped into the final Materiality Matrix.




                                           High                                                                                               1                   Environment
                                                                                                                                     2                            Social
                                                                                            4                                                                     Governance
                                                                                                                                              3
                                                                                                   5

                                                                                                                        6




             Materiality to Stakeholders
                                                                                      11                     7
                                                                                            12                                            9
                                                                                                                    8
                                                                                                                                10

                                           Medium
                                                                                 14
                                                                         16           15                      13




                                                                19                                     17

                                                                  18




                                           Low                                             Medium                                                 High


                                                              Materiality to the Company’s Development

 Topics of                                            Topics of                                                                                   Topics of
 High Materiality                                     Moderate Materiality                                                                        General Materiality

 1. Product quality and safety                        4. Energy and resources management        12. Environmental protection                      18. Waste disposal

 2. Rights and interests of patients                  5. Product accessibility                  13. Responsible marketing                         19. Emissions

 3. ESG management                                    7. Health and safety                      14. Addressing climate change

 6. R&D and innovation                                8. Tax management                         15. Labour standards

 9. Integrity Construction                            10. Anti-corruption                       16. Environmental and natural resources

                                                      11. Supply chain management               17. Development and training




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.                    89
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 2.       STEADY PROGRESS, GOVERNANCE AS THE FOUNDATION
          Lepu Biopharma consistently regards responsible governance as the cornerstone of sustainable operations
          and long-term value creation. We strictly adhere to national laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements,
          continuously improving a board-centred governance framework that features clearly defined responsibilities,
          effective operations, and robust decision-making mechanisms. Through these efforts, we strive to integrate
          high-quality development with responsible business practices.


 2.1      Corporate Governance

          We have established a corporate governance structure that balances professionalism and independence,
          continuously enhancing the diversity of Board membership to ensure rigor and scientific integrity in major
          decision-making processes.


          2.1.1 Corporate Governance Structure

                 Lepu Biopharma strictly adheres to relevant laws and regulations, including the Company Law of
                 the People’s Republic of China and the Corporate Governance Code issued by the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange, to establish a governance framework centred on the Board of Directors. The Board serves
                 as the core body for corporate governance and strategic decision-making, fulfilling supervisory
                 responsibilities, guiding strategic direction, and being accountable to shareholders, while ensuring
                 all decisions are aligned with the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board has
                 established four committees: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee,
                 the Nomination Committee, and the Strategy Committee. These committees support the Board
                 in performing its duties efficiently and professionally. Each committee operates independently
                 in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association and its respective terms of reference,
                 conducting in-depth analysis and providing expert recommendations on critical matters such as
                 financial oversight, executive compensation and performance evaluation, nomination of directors
                 and senior management, and long-term strategic planning. This structured approach strengthens the
                 scientific rigor, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Company’s governance.




                                                              Board of Directors




                                                     Remuneration
                                Audit                                         Nomination           Strategy
                                                     and Appraisal
                              Committee                                       Committee           Committee
                                                      Committee


                 During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors actively fulfilled its supervisory and strategic
                 decision-making responsibilities in accordance with the law, convening a total of eight meetings.
                 The Board reviewed and deliberated on key matters including corporate strategic planning, annual
                 budgeting, major investments, and appointment and removal of senior management. All major
                 decisions were subject to thorough discussion and rigorous assessment, ensuring alignment with the
                 Company’s long-term interests and the overall well-being of shareholders.



90     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      2.1.2 Board Diversity

             We place strong emphasis on diversity and independent governance within the Board of Directors,
             striving to build a Board with rich diversity across educational background, professional expertise,
             gender composition, industry experience, and core competencies. As of the end of the Reporting
             Period, the Board comprises seven members, including three female directors and three independent
             directors. This composition reflects our ongoing commitment to diversity, enabling the Board to
             draw upon broader perspectives and collective wisdom to effectively navigate complex business
             environments and emerging challenges.


             Board Member    Gender                          Responsibilities                     Director Status
                                      Audit       Remuneration and       Nomination   Strategy
                                      Committee   Appraisal Committee    Committee    Committee

             Pu Zhongjie     Male     /           Member                 /            Chairman    Executive Director
             Sui Zhiye       Female   /           /                      /            Member      Executive Director
             Pu Jue          Female   Member      /                      Member       /           Non-Executive Director
             Qin Yiran       Female   /           /                      /            /           Non-Executive Director
             Yang Haifeng    Male     Member      Chairman               Member       /           Independent Non-Executive Director
             Zhou Demin      Male     /           /                      Chairman     Member      Independent Non-Executive Director
             Hua Fengmao     Male     Chairman    Member                 /            /           Independent Non-Executive Director
                            Lepu Biopharma’s Composition of the Board of Directors


2.2   Compliance and Responsible Operations

      Compliance is the lifeblood of sustainable business development. We are committed to building a systematic,
      forward-looking, and robust compliance management framework, strengthening risk identification and
      response mechanisms, enhancing anti-corruption systems and cultural development, and rigorously
      implementing data security regulations and technical safeguards. By embedding compliance awareness into
      every decision and operational action, we lay a solid foundation for the Company’s stable operations and
      long-term value creation.




                                                                             Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.           91
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        2.2.1 Risk Management

               Lepu Biopharma has established a systematic risk management framework, supported by standardized
               processes and routine operational mechanisms, to proactively identify, assess, and mitigate various
               internal and external risks. This enables us to effectively reduce the likelihood and impact of risk
               events, ensuring the stability and sustainability of our operations.


               We maintain a comprehensive risk management system that continuously scans and monitors the
               internal and external operating environment. Through systematic analysis, we identify potential risks
               across multiple dimensions, including market dynamics, regulatory changes, operational processes,
               financial risks, and compliance. Based on these identified risks, we conduct assessments and analyses
               using a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods to evaluate their likelihood and potential
               impact. For risks of varying severity levels, we develop and implement differentiated strategies
               for prevention, mitigation, or response. This creates a closed-loop management cycle – from risk
               identification and assessment to response implementation and ongoing monitoring and improvement
               – significantly enhancing the organization’s resilience and strategic risk preparedness.


        2.2.2 Anti-Corruption

               Lepu Biopharma places integrity and ethical business conduct at the core of its corporate values. We
               have established a comprehensive system of behavioural standards and compliance management,
               embedding ethical principles and regulatory requirements deeply into corporate governance, business
               processes, and employee conduct – fostering a culture of transparency, accountability, and trust.


               We strictly comply with national laws and regulations, including the Company Law of the People’s
               Republic of China and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China . These legal
               requirements are institutionalized through the Articles of Association , the Code of Conduct, and
               other internal policies, which are integrated into decision-making processes, performance evaluations,
               and incentive systems. Ethical standards are also a key criterion in the onboarding, assessment, and
               renewal of suppliers, distributors, and other business partners. In alignment with the requirements
               of clinical research institutions and other collaborators, we proactively enter into specialized
               agreements such as the Anti-Bribery Agreements or Integrity Commitment Letters , reinforcing ethical
               commitments across our ecosystem. These internal and external collaborative measures systematically
               build a solid defense line for ethics and compliance, ensuring that business activities operate on a
               track of integrity and transparency.




92   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


We have established multiple internal and external whistle-blowing channels for ethical and
compliance-related concerns. We are committed to taking all legitimate reports seriously, conducting
thorough investigations, and providing timely responses. The enhancement of our whistleblowing
mechanism is a key component of our governance upgrade strategy. Going forward, we will continue
to optimize access points, improve the efficiency and confidentiality of whistle-blowing channels, and
strengthen the overall integrity of our compliance culture.


Internal Whistle-blowing           Internal Whistle-blowing Email
  Channels                         Internal Whistle-blowing Hotline
                                   Letters
                                   Face-to-face reporting to immediate supervisor, Human Resources
                                   Department, or higher-level management
External Whistle-blowing           Direct feedback to relevant business units
  Channels                         Publicly accessible email: safety@lepubiopharma.com
                                   Dedicated hotline: 021-67680899
                                   Letters
               Lepu Biopharma’s Internal and External Whistle-blowing Channels


The Company is firmly committed to protecting the personal information and privacy of
whistleblowers, explicitly prohibiting any form of retaliation against individuals who report in
good faith. We have systematically implemented a whistleblower protection mechanism and are
continuously fostering an organizational culture where employees feel empowered to speak up,
confident in the safety and integrity of the reporting process. A standardized procedure for receiving
and handling whistleblower reports has been established to ensure timely response, through
investigation, and closed-loop management for every case. Depending on the nature, sensitivity, and
complexity of the reported issue, management appoints designated personnel to conduct an initial
verification and assessment. Where necessary, a dedicated investigation team is formed to carry out
in-depth scrutiny. Throughout the process, strict adherence to principles of fairness, confidentiality,
and due process is maintained, ensuring the accuracy of findings, effectiveness of resolution, and
compliance with established procedures.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   93
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


               We place strong emphasis on cultivating a culture of business ethics and integrity. Through diverse
               initiatives, training programs, and ongoing awareness campaigns, we embed compliance expectations
               into employees’ daily responsibilities. In 2025, the Company adopted an immersive, scenario-based
               approach to systematically strengthen employees’ awareness of ethical conduct and anti-corruption
               principles. For example, commercial ethics training was integrated into the onboarding process for
               all new hires throughout the year. The training covers core company values, expected professional
               behaviour, and key clauses in employment contracts related to honesty, integrity, confidentiality,
               and conflict of interest, while clearly highlighting compliance red lines based on real-world business
               scenarios. Moreover, compliance reminders are consistently embedded in annual business meetings
               and contract approval workflows, establishing a sustainable and integrated communication
               mechanism.


               During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained a “zero incident” record for business ethics
               violations, with no legal actions or litigation related to corruption or bribery. This achievement reflects
               the overall effectiveness of our compliance management system – spanning robust policy design,
               efficient operational execution, and strong cultural transmission.


        2.2.3 Data Security and Privacy Protection

               Lepu Biopharma strictly complies with national laws and regulations, including the Cybersecurity
               Law of the People’s Republic of China , and places high priority on the systematic protection of
               both company and customer personal data and privacy. We have established a comprehensive
               information security governance framework, integrating institutional standards, process controls,
               and organization-wide awareness initiatives to ensure that security requirements are embedded
               throughout the entire data lifecycle – covering data collection, use, storage, and secure destruction.


               The Company has set up an information security management structure directly led by the Chief
               Financial Officer and the Company Secretary, ensuring centralized oversight and coordination of
               cybersecurity efforts across the Shanghai headquarters and Beijing branch. Under this structure,
               the Information Technology Department serves as the primary execution unit, working in close
               collaboration with all business departments through formalized, process-driven mechanisms.




94   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Information Technology Development

The Company proactively monitors technological trends and is committed to leveraging advanced
information technology to enhance the precision and efficiency of production and R&D, thereby
building and sustaining a long-term competitive advantage in digitalization. During the Reporting
Period, to meet quality management requirements for segmented manufacturing of biologics, the
Company established a Marketing Authorization Holder (MAH) Quality Information System. This
system enables online transmission and sharing of quality documents, validation data, production
and testing records, deviations, and change controls between Lepu Biopharma and multiple
Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs) and supports electronic signatures compliant with
the Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) regulations. To date, the system has facilitated the transfer
of over 1,000 quality documents and records, and more than 700 electronically signed records,
improving multi-party collaboration efficiency and operational compliance while reducing reliance on
paper-based documentation.


Artificial Intelligence (AI) Applications

The Company is systematically promoting the application of AI technologies across its operations,
focusing on three key areas – internal knowledge services, management process optimization, and
R&D empowerment – to enhance both operational efficiency and innovation capability.


     Internal Knowledge                     Management Process
                                                                                 R&D Empowerment
            Services                            Optimization

     We have established an                 In the area of                      Introduced the
     AI assistant ecosystem,                management process                  Conversational Drug
     including tools such as                optimization, we have               Discovery Assistant
     “Youliede”, “Xiaomei”,                                                     (ChatDD) tool to support
                                            leveraged AI-powered
     and “IT Tianxuan
                                            spreadsheet technologies            R&D personnel in
     Worker”, delivering
                                            to develop digital systems          target and competitor
     precise information
     support across sales, IT,              for charitable drug                 analysis, molecular
     employee services, and                 donation management                 structure interpretation,
     quality management                     and IT task management,             and literature review,
     functions. Notably, the AI             achieving full process              thereby expanding
     assistants “Youliede” and              digitization. This has              the boundaries of
     “Xiaomei”, designed for                                                    professional knowledge
                                            enhanced operational
     the sales team, provide
                                            efficiency, improved                and accelerating scientific
     round-the-clock (7×24
                                            transparency, and                   discovery.
     hours) access to product
     information, clinical                  ensured better traceability
     data, and successful                   and compliance across
     case studies, significantly            key administrative
     enhancing response                     functions.
     speed, sales enablement,
     and customer
     engagement efficiency.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     95
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


               As of the end of the Reporting Period, our applications in information technology development have
               achieved remarkable results, with a full-year return on investment (ROI) exceeding 200%.



                              AI Assistants responded to nearly 1,000 employee inquiries during non-working hours,
                              facilitating a shift from "manual response" to "intelligent service" and effectively enhancing
                              work efficiency.


                                  The system can rapidly scale its services in line with user growth or personnel changes,
                                  transitioning from "passive support" to "proactive empowerment" at minimal cost.


                              In the R&D process, the integration of AI has enabled a transformation from "experience-
                              driven decision-making" to "knowledge-driven," enhancing operational efficiency while
                              simultaneously reducing R&D risks.


                                        Achievements in Information Technology Development
               Cybersecurity Infrastructure Development

               The Company is committed to establishing a comprehensive cybersecurity governance system
               integrating “Technology, Management, and Personnel”. Building on continuous enhancements to
               technical safeguards and institutional processes, we place significant emphasis on strengthening the
               human firewall. Through security awareness training, policy communication, emergency drills, and
               mechanisms for collecting and responding to employee feedback, frontline insights are incorporated
               into system optimization. This approach comprehensively improves employees’ risk identification
               capabilities, security literacy, and collaborative incident response, shifting cybersecurity from passive
               defence to proactive protection and collective participation, thereby providing a solid guarantee for
               stable business operations and sustainable development.



               Case: Special Cybersecurity Inspection

                   During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted a special cybersecurity inspection,
                   systematically screening for common risk points such as “Two Highs and One Weak” (high-
                   risk vulnerabilities, high-risk ports, and weak passwords). By analysing firewall logs, promptly
                   addressing threat alerts, and enforcing mandatory updates and regular rotation of strong
                   passwords for network devices, servers, and system administrator accounts, the Company
                   comprehensively strengthened access control and vulnerability protection, mitigating security
                   risks arising from configuration flaws or weak credentials.




96   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Case: GXP System Backup and Recovery Testing

   During the Reporting Period, we carried out special tests for GXP system backup recovery
   and restoration. The Company formulated an annual test plan, where IT, Quality, and
   Business departments collaborated in an isolated GMP test environment to perform full or
   partial recovery verification of backup data for selected critical systems. Taking the UV-Vis
   Spectrophotometer system as an example, the test team strictly followed the established
   protocol to complete the entire workflow – from backup confirmation and environment
   preparation to data recovery, functional verification, and data comparison. Ultimately, the
   recovered primary business data, audit trails, and system baseline data were consistent with
   the production environment, successfully validating the recoverability and integrity of backup
   data, and providing a solid safeguard for the security and compliance of critical business data.



Furthermore, we place significant emphasis on cultivating a strong information security culture
among employees. During the Reporting Period, multiple information security training sessions were
conducted to deeply integrate security awareness into employees’ daily routines.


Case: Information Security Training Courses

   In 2025, the Company conducted information security training systematically and addressed
   the importance of confidentiality, common security threats, and effective protective measures.
   Security threats primarily encompass technical risks (e.g., ransomware, phishing emails,
   malware, and hacker intrusions) and human factors (e.g., improper operations and low
   awareness), as well as accidental events such as natural disasters. Corresponding protective
   measures include deploying encryption and antivirus software, setting and properly managing
   complex passwords, regularly backing up critical data, keeping systems updated, and
   standardizing the use of software and email. The training aimed to enhance employees’ ability
   to identify and prevent various risks, strengthening safety and compliance awareness in daily
   operations.




Case: Regular Cybersecurity Awareness Campaigns

   In May and November 2025, the Company conducted regular information security awareness
   campaigns via the enterprise WeChat group, with the IT department periodically pushing
   targeted protection tips to all staff based on internal and external security developments.
   Topics covered practical essentials such as software vulnerability patching guidance and
   phishing email identification and prevention. With an average readership of over 500 per
   campaign, these initiatives effectively enhanced employees’ risk identification capabilities and
   proactive reporting awareness, gradually fostering a security culture characterized by broad
   coverage, rapid response, and full participation.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   97
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 3.       QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY IN TANDEM, STEADY PROGRESS FOR ENDURING SUCCESS
          We firmly believe that true industry leadership stems from the deep integration of science-based original
          innovation with a patient-centric, full life-cycle quality system. To this end, we are committed not only
          to building globally competitive technology platforms and product pipelines through independent R&D
          and partnerships in frontier fields such as oncology, but also to embedding rigorous quality management
          throughout every stage – from molecular discovery and process development to clinical trials and commercial
          manufacturing. This approach enables us to create clinical value while fulfilling our long-term responsibilities
          to patients, the industry, and society.


 3.1      Product Innovation

          We view product R&D innovation as the fundamental guarantee of our operations and our core competitive
          strength. During the Reporting Period, Lepu Biopharma achieved several breakthroughs in product
          innovation. We made significant progress in the development of innovative oncology drugs, and our ADC
          pipeline demonstrated promising potential in treating solid tumors, with clinical development and licensing
          collaborations advancing in parallel. Additionally, we continued to upgrade our antibody and ADC platforms,
          and pursued strategic partnerships to explore next-generation modalities such as bispecific antibodies and
          cell therapies, further solidifying our leadership position in industry innovation.


          3.1.1 R&D Innovation System

                 We strictly comply with the current Medicinal Product Administration Law of the People’s Republic of
                 China , the Measures for the Administration of Drug Registration , the Guideline for the Acceptance
                 Review of Biologics Registration Applications (Trial), the Technical Guidelines for Pharmaceutical
                 Research and Changes of Biologics During Clinical Trials (Trial) , the Good Laboratory Practice for
                 Non-clinical Laboratory Studies (GLP) , and the Good Clinical Practice (GCP) . This ensures that all
                 R&D activities are conducted within the framework of the International Council for Harmonization
                 of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) guidelines. Furthermore, we
                 fully align with the ICH framework and reference guidance documents from the U.S. Food and Drug
                 Administration (FDA), standardizing new drug R&D in accordance with international benchmarks to
                 ensure the compliance and scientific rigor of our R&D processes.




98     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has established a systematic and clearly tiered management structure for pharmaceutical
R&D. At the governance level, the Board of Directors provides strategic leadership and oversight.
At the execution level, this structure integrates the senior management team with frontline R&D
personnel, forming a collaborative management system that spans from strategic decision-making to
project implementation and covers the entire organization. This framework is designed to support the
standardized, efficient, and sustainable advancement of R&D activities.


Top Decision-Making Level                 Responsibilities: Responsible for top-level design of R&D strategy, resource
Board of Directors                        allocation, and oversight of major risks. The Board reviews R&D progress,
                                          pipeline priorities, and compliance performance to ensure alignment with the
                                          Company’s sustainability goals.
                                          Management Process: Holds quarterly strategic meetings to evaluate R&D
                                          performance (e.g., clinical milestones, patent acquisition) and adjusts targets
                                          based on market dynamics.
Senior R&D Management                     Responsibilities: Oversees overall R&D operations, including pipeline planning,
R&D Director/Chief Scientific Officer     technology platform upgrades, and international collaboration. Reports directly
                                          to the Board and coordinates cross-departmental collaboration.
                                          Management Process: Formulates annual R&D plans, supervises project
                                          lifecycle management, and ensures compliance with GLP, GCP, GMP, and
                                          other regulatory requirements.
Middle Management Team                    Responsibilities: Early R&D: Focuses on novel target discovery and molecular
Functional Heads                          design, responsible for candidate screening. Process Development: Leads CMC
                                          process optimization and industrial-scale preparation. Clinical Development:
                                          Manages clinical trial design, execution, and data monitoring to ensure subject
                                          safety. Regulatory Affairs: Handles communication and submissions with
                                          regulatory authorities (e.g., NMPA, FDA).
                                          Management Process: Project leaders coordinate resources across departments;
                                          weekly project progress meetings are held, utilizing digital tools (e.g., EDC
                                          systems) to track critical milestones.
Frontline Execution Team                  Responsibilities: Execute specific experiments, data collection, and daily
R&D Scientists, Clinical Researchers, etc. operations, strictly adhering to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
                                          Management Process: Ensure operational compliance through regular training
                                          and ad-hoc inspections; issues are escalated level by level with a 24-hour
                                          response mechanism.
                               Lepu Biopharma’s R&D Management Structure




                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.             99
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                R&D Innovation Achievements

                Anchored by cutting-edge technology platforms and propelled by efficient clinical development and
                global strategy, the Company continues to build an end-to-end R&D system spanning from early
                research to commercialization. In 2025, we focused on establishing and developing novel technology
                platforms to serve as engines of innovation. Beyond the clinically validated vc-MMAE platform, the
                Company has developed multiple innovative linker-payload platforms for ADC candidates, including
                the Hi-Topi platform and other early-stage technology platforms. Furthermore, the Company has
                developed two ADC candidates – MRG006A, with potential as a first-in-class global asset, and
                MRG007, with potential as a best-in-class global asset. Currently, MRG006A is in Phase II clinical
                studies, while MRG007 has entered Phase I clinical development.


                We have established a scientific and efficient management system for innovative drug clinical
                development and operations, with clinical development centres in China and the United States,
                accumulating extensive experience in regulatory communication and registration with both Chinese
                and U.S. authorities. Currently, Pucotenlimab Injection has been approved by the NMPA and officially
                commercialized for two indications: MSI-H or dMMR advanced solid tumours, and unresectable or
                metastatic melanoma following failure of prior systemic therapy. Additionally, MRG003 has been
                approved for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma
                (NPC) who have failed at least two lines of systemic chemotherapy and PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor therapy.
                Meanwhile, clinical trials for multiple products are progressing efficiently, continuously expanding the
                depth and breadth of the R&D pipeline.


                R&D Philosophy

                The Company deeply integrates ESG principles into its R&D innovation system, treating environmental
                sustainability as a core decision-making dimension on par with technological innovation and clinical
                value. When setting scientific objectives and technical routes, we systematically assess the energy
                consumption and carbon footprint of R&D activities, striving to synergize “innovation-driven” progress
                with “green operations” at the source.


                At the project initiation and process design stages, the core technical team prioritizes low-carbon
                and energy-saving considerations, favouring efficient, low-carbon processes such as continuous
                manufacturing and site-specific conjugation, and adopting green technology platforms like
                high-expression cell lines and serum-free medium. In molecular design and screening, we focus on
                developing highly stable antibodies and optimizing conjugation sites to reduce material consumption,
                by-product formation, and purification steps, thereby enhancing resource efficiency and environmental
                performance at the molecular level.




100   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      R&D Team Development

      Lepu Biopharma places R&D team development at the strategic core of corporate growth. Through
      systematic talent cultivation and sustained resource investment, we are committed to building a
      high-calibre, internationalized R&D force. The Company has established a professional training system
      covering the entire R&D chain, featuring onboarding and ramp-up programs for new employees to
      quickly adapt to the R&D environment and role requirements. For incumbent R&D personnel, we
      regularly organize specialized training sessions covering GCP regulations, ADC platform technologies,
      and frontier therapies to continuously enhance the team’s professional depth and technical acumen.


      With the deepening of system building, the Company has formed a high-calibre R&D team
      covering key functions such as drug discovery, clinical development, pharmaceutical research,
      and industrialization. The core team members are led by senior experts with profound academic
      backgrounds and extensive industry experience, having accumulated rich practical expertise in
      target identification, molecular design, clinical strategy, and process development. Most members
      of the management team hail from leading domestic and international pharmaceutical companies,
      combining a global vision with local execution experience, enabling them to accurately grasp industry
      trends and provide solid support for the formulation and execution of R&D strategies.


      To maintain the team’s foresight and technical acuity, the Company has established mechanisms
      for internal exchange and knowledge sharing, including bi-weekly R&D regular meetings, ad-hoc
      cross-departmental coordination meetings, project retrospectives, and annual strategic planning
      sessions. Additionally, the Company organizes regular target research meetings and R&D sharing
      sessions, led by domain experts or project leaders, to conduct in-depth discussions on global
      cutting-edge scientific developments and high-impact journal publications, ensuring that R&D
      directions and technical judgments remain synchronized with the latest industry advancements.


3.1.2 Intellectual Property Protection

      The Company places great emphasis on the innovation and protection of intangible assets. We
      strictly comply with relevant domestic and international laws and regulations, including the Copyright
      Law of the People’s Republic of China , the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) , the Madrid Agreement
      Concerning the International Registration of Marks , the Paris Convention for the Protection of
      Industrial Property , and the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
      (TRIPS) . Based on these legal frameworks, we have formulated and continuously refined internal
      systems such as the Regulations on Invention Reporting and Evaluation , establishing systematic control
      over the entire lifecycle of intellectual property creation, utilization, protection, and management.


      We have established a dedicated intellectual property management structure with a specialized
      intellectual property department responsible for the overall administration and strategic advancement
      of intellectual property affairs for Lepu Biopharma and its subsidiaries. The department features
      dedicated intellectual property Operations Specialists who execute tasks such as patent applications,
      trademark registrations, copyright registrations, and the digital management of related archives,
      ensuring the efficient and orderly progression of intellectual property from creation to management.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   101
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                  Throughout the entire process of innovative drug R&D, the Company has systematically deployed
                  intellectual property identification and protection assessment mechanisms. To ensure timely and
                  effective legal protection of innovations, we prioritize intellectual property information retrieval and
                  analysis, conducting comprehensive searches of patent and non-patent literature for ongoing projects.
                  By deeply analysing the intellectual property landscape and risk points in relevant technical fields, we
                  proactively identify and manage intellectual property risks during R&D, effectively avoiding potential
                  infringements and supporting the security and controllability of the innovation and industrial chains.


                  We continue to increase investment in intellectual property awareness cultivation and capability
                  building. In 2025, the intellectual property department actively constructed a training system linking
                  internal and external stakeholders. Internally, we conducted intellectual property -themed training for
                  all employees to strengthen awareness of innovation protection; externally, we provided professional
                  intellectual property lectures to share industry insights and practical experiences with pharmaceutical
                  intellectual property practitioners. Through online lectures, offline seminars, and roundtable forums,
                  we systematically elevated the intellectual property cognition and practical capabilities of relevant
                  internal and external parties.


                  As of the end of the Reporting Period, the types and quantities of our cumulative and newly added
                  intellectual property are illustrated in the following chart:

                          Cumulative Intellectual Property                  New Intellectual PropertyAdded in 2025
                     Intellectual Property Category       Quantity          Intellectual Property Category      Quantity

                       Granted Patents                        52              Patent Applications                  67

                       Registered Trademarks                  61              Patent Grants                        21

                       Software Copyrights                    61              Publications                         1

                       Domain Names                           22              Conference Abstracts/Posters         9

  3.2      Quality Management

           Quality is the lifeline of pharmaceutical companies. We always prioritize product quality and safety, strictly
           implementing whole-process quality management to ensure that R&D and production activities comply with
           medical ethics standards, effectively safeguarding the health and rights of patients and subjects.


           3.2.1 Product Quality and Safety

                  The Group strictly complies with current national laws and regulations, including the Medicinal
                  Product Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China , the Measures for the Administration
                  of Drug Registration , and the GMP. In accordance with the updates in the Pharmacopoeia of the
                  People’s Republic of China (2025 Edition) , we have synchronized revisions to relevant internal
                  procedures, specifically the Standard Operating Procedure for Particulate Matter Inspection and the
                  Standard Operating Procedure for Clarity of Solution Test . Consequently, the requirements regarding
                  material quality standards and testing methods have been updated to ensure full compliance of
                  all materials, packaging components, and products with the latest regulatory and pharmacopeial
                  requirements.




102     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


            Quality Assurance

            Based on corporate development strategies, regulatory requirements, and customer expectations, we
            have established annual quality management objectives. These objectives serve as the core guiding
            principles and directional guidance for the Company’s overall quality and R&D operations, providing
            a clear and measurable basis for action in quality planning, process control, continuous improvement,
            and R&D compliance. As of the end of the Reporting Period, all quality objectives have been achieved.


                       When the number of production batches ≤ 10, product manufacturing pass rate1 > 80%;
                       when 10 < production batches ≤ 100, product manufacturing pass rate ≥ 85%; when
                       production batches > 100, product manufacturing pass rate ≥ 95%.


                       Market complaint rate below one per thousand (number of complaint cases/number of
                       products sold).


                       Market inspection pass rate: 100%.


                       Regulatory authority inspection pass rate: 100%, with no major GMP findings.

                                          Lepu Biopharma’s Quality Target Setting for 2025


            In 2025, the Company established a systematic management procedure for non-conforming products,
            designed to standardize their identification, disposition, and traceability. This procedure not only
            ensures strict control and closed-loop processing of non-conforming products but also emphasizes
            root cause analysis and lessons learned. By implementing Corrective and Preventive Actions (CAPA),
            we drive the continuous optimization of production processes and management workflows, advancing
            our Quality Management System (QMS) to a higher level.




1   Product Qualification Rate = Released Batches/Completed Disposition Batches × 100%.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   103
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Segregation      • Upon discovery of a non-conforming product, the area supervisor shall immediately transfer it to the
          and            designated Non-Conforming Product Area, affix clear identification, and simultaneously notify the
      Identification     Quality Assurance (QA) Department.




                       • The responsible department shall complete the Non-Conforming Product Disposition Form. Non-con-
                         forming materials require review by the Procurement Department, while non-conforming products
                         require review by the Production Department. Subsequently, the form is reviewed sequentially by QA,
       Reporting
                         EHS (Environment, Health, and Safety), and the Warehouse, before final approval by the Person in
      and Review
                         Charge of Quality.For non-conforming products involving contracted manufacturing, the Contract
                         Manufacturer must issue a notification, and the disposition decision requires review and approval by
                         the Company.



                       • Appropriate disposition measures shall be taken based on the type of non-conforming product. Raw
      Classificatio      materials and excipients may be returned to the supplier or destroyed; printed packaging materials
        n-based          shall, in principle, be destroyed. Re-processing of finished preparations is prohibited, and any
      Disposition        re-processing or re-packaging must undergo strict approval. Bulk products (e.g., drug substances) may
                         be destroyed or, upon assessment, converted to other uses.




                       • Items requiring destruction shall be transferred by the responsible department to the Utilities Department
                         for temporary storage. General waste shall be destroyed directly by the Utilities Department, whereas
      Execution of       hazardous waste shall be handled by a qualified third party. QA must supervise the destruction of
      Destruction        specific categories on-site, and for third-party destruction, a Hazardous Waste Transfer Manifest must be
                         completed and records retained.




                       • The person performing the disposition shall complete the disposition form, and QA shall register the
      Record and         record in the Non-Conforming Product Logbook. All records shall be uniformly archived and retained.
       Archiving         Following disposition involving contracted manufacturing, the Contract Manufacturer must submit
                         relevant records to the Company’s QA for archiving.


                             Lepu Biopharma’s Non-Conforming Product Handling Process



                  In our quality management throughout the product lifecycle, we strictly adhere to international
                  advanced standards for production and quality control. By continuously introducing advanced
                  processes and intelligent equipment, we continuously enhance production stability and consistency.
                  The Production Department and the quality team collaborate closely to implement whole-process
                  inspection and supervision – from raw material selection and in-process monitoring to finished
                  product release – ensuring that only products fully compliant with standards proceed to the next
                  stage. Furthermore, the Company has established an end-to-end quality supervision system covering
                  material suppliers, R&D partners, and manufacturing partners (such as CROs/CDMOs). Through
                  rigorous qualification audits, periodic quality audits, and on-site inspections, we systematically identify
                  and manage external quality risks. This ensures quality control from source to final product and drives
                  the continuous improvement of our quality system.




104   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Lepu Biopharma‘s Quality Assurance Measures Across Key Stages

Early-Stage R&D            We base our R&D direction and objectives on in-depth market research and
                           scientific analysis, ensuring projects align with clinical needs and deliver
                           sustainable patient value. Concurrently, we reinforce the professionalism
                           and quality awareness of our R&D team to guarantee the scientific validity,
                           standardization, and traceability of the R&D process.
Process Development        We actively introduce advanced technologies and equipment to optimize
                           R&D and production processes. While enhancing efficiency and controlling
                           costs, we intensify the screening and quality testing of raw materials and
                           excipients. This ensures material quality and process stability, laying a solid
                           foundation for the consistent production of high-quality pharmaceuticals.
Clinical Trials & Safety   We strictly adhere to laws, regulations, and ethical principles. We formulate
  Management               and execute rigorous clinical trial protocols and Standard Operating
                           Procedures (SOPs), strengthening supervision and management throughout
                           the entire trial process. This approach effectively safeguards subject rights
                           and safety, while ensuring the authenticity, reliability, and completeness of
                           trial data.


We are committed to continuously optimizing our QMS with an open and professional mindset. We
actively engage qualified third-party professional institutions to assist us in systematically reviewing
product quality and inspection processes through their independent, objective perspectives and
industry expertise. The Company has established a systematic management framework for third-party
quality monitoring service providers, implementing stringent qualification audits and ongoing quality
supervision. Currently, we collaborate with a total of 21 service providers, each of whom must pass
rigorous stages – including vendor screening, qualification verification, on-site quality audits, and
contract/quality agreement execution – before being approved as a qualified vendor to conduct
business.


In 2025, the Company confirmed the qualification status of all suppliers. Confirmation methods
included on-site quality audits, remote quality audits, and desk audits. We completed a total of 33
on-site quality audits, covering all CMOs, core raw material suppliers, and major service providers
requiring physical presence. These comprised 15 first-time audits, 16 periodic audits, and 3 targeted
for-cause audits. In accordance with management requirements, CMOs and major raw material
suppliers are audited annually, while other raw material suppliers are audited every 2-3 years. Issues
identified during audits are formally reported back to the suppliers, who are required to complete
corrective actions and provide responses within 30 days. This establishes a closed-loop management
mechanism spanning from vendor qualification and assessment to continuous improvement.


During the Reporting Period, the Company’s QMS was continuously refined and yielded significant
results, earning multiple external authoritative recognitions. Notably, we successfully passed the
National GMP Certification, marking that the Company has reached industry-high standards in
end-to-end process control, quality assurance, and compliance management.




                                                           Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       105
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                Product Recall

                Lepu Biopharma strictly adheres to domestic and international pharmaceutical laws, regulations,
                and industry standards, maintaining a systematic product quality and safety risk control system. This
                includes internal management systems such as the Product Recall Management Procedures and the
                Nonconforming Product Management Procedures , ensuring the fulfilment of corporate responsibilities
                and safeguarding patient medication safety and public health.


                To systematically address potential drug quality and safety risks, the Company has established a recall
                management mechanism covering trigger assessment, tiered response, and full-process execution.
                When issues such as quality non-compliance, safety risks, or regulatory requirements arise, the recall
                process is initiated. The Quality Assurance (QA) Department leads cross-functional investigations and
                risk assessments to determine the recall classification, develop a recall plan, notify customers within
                tiered timeframes, file with regulatory authorities, and disclose information publicly. Recalled products
                undergo segregation and evaluation before being disposed of in accordance with regulations, with
                simultaneous initiation of CACP. Upon completion of the process, a summary report is generated and
                archived, realizing full life-cycle management from risk identification to closed-loop improvement,
                thereby effectively protecting patient medication safety.


                Furthermore, the Company has established a normalized mock recall drill mechanism. Initiated by
                the QA Department, these drills aim to test process responsiveness, information traceability, and
                cross-departmental collaboration capabilities through highly simulated scenarios. Drills require
                the simulation of real transportation routes and sales networks, prioritizing products with wide
                distribution ranges and high traceability difficulty. According to regulations, the first drill must be
                organized within one year after the product launch, followed by subsequent drills every three years.
                Upon conclusion, the QA Department generates a dedicated summary report to systematically identify
                findings and improvement points, providing a basis for the continuous enhancement of quality
                management. During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained stable and controllable product
                quality, with no actual product recall incidents occurring and a consistent 100% product release
                qualification rate.


                Quality Culture Development

                The Company regards the development of enterprise-wide quality capabilities as a foundational
                project for consolidating its QMS. Through normalized training programs tailored to operational
                scenarios and practical drills, we continuously strengthen employees’ quality awareness, standard
                operating skills, and risk prevention capabilities. This promotes the internalization of quality
                requirements into daily behaviours, providing solid talent support for the excellence and reliability of
                our products and services.




106   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the Reporting Period, the Company established a tiered and systematically comprehensive GMP
training system, formulating annual training plans covering both corporate-level and department-level
initiatives. Corporate-level training focused on core topics such as document management, ADC
product knowledge, updates to industry regulations, hazardous waste safety, handling of drug safety
incidents, and the management of Data Integrity (DI), deviations, and Corrective and Preventive
Actions (CAPA). Training was delivered through a blended approach combining offline lectures, online
learning, and video resources, ensuring planned execution and effective knowledge transfer.



Case: Specialized Training on “DI and Computerized System Compliance”

   During the Reporting Period, the Quality Assurance (QA) Department organized specialized
   training themed “DI and Computerized System Compliance”. The training integrated online
   and offline resources to systematically review relevant domestic and international regulatory
   requirements. Combining these reviews with internal practical case studies, the sessions
   provided an in-depth analysis of areas for improvement. Through a blended approach of
   lectures, Q&A, and assessments, the training strengthened employees’ comprehension and
   practical application capabilities. Training recordings have been archived as learning resources
   to support continuous empowerment and knowledge reuse.




              Specialized Training on “DI and Computerized System Compliance”




                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   107
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         3.2.2 Clinical Management

                We consistently regard the rights, safety, and contributions of subjects in clinical research as the
                fundamental starting point of our R&D activities. To this end, we continuously strengthen the
                systematization, standardization, and end-to-end management of clinical R&D. By refining clinical
                trial designs, intensifying oversight of execution, and optimizing subject protection mechanisms,
                we continuously enhance the quality and efficiency of clinical research, earnestly fulfilling our
                responsibilities to patients, science, and life.


                Lepu Biopharma’s clinical operations system operates under a unified group management framework,
                overseen by the Senior Director of Clinical Operations. To balance quality and efficiency, the Company
                adopts a differentiated management model for different types of clinical studies: For pivotal studies
                and confirmatory Phase III studies, dedicated Clinical Operation Directors establish and manage
                internal teams, coordinating the work of Project Managers (PMs), Clinical Research Associates
                (CRAs), and Clinical Trial Assistants (CTAs). For exploratory studies, a project outsourcing model is
                utilized. Experienced Project Managers handle daily coordination, while Senior Project Managers
                serve as Product Leads, providing overall supervision and quality control for outsourced projects. This
                organizational structure aims to achieve an optimal balance between resource efficiency and risk
                control.


                Pharmacovigilance

                The Company has established a pharmacovigilance (PV) system covering the entire product lifecycle,
                supported by a dedicated team of PV professionals. At the institutional and procedural levels, in
                accordance with regulations such as GCP and GVP, the Company has formulated systematic SOPs for
                pharmacovigilance. These SOPs encompass management systems, operational procedures, and quality
                control metrics, clearly defining the division of responsibilities for PV/safety monitoring, information
                collection channels, reporting workflows, and risk assessment methodologies. Furthermore, the
                system sets performance indicators – such as reporting compliance and the timeliness of submitting
                Periodic Safety Update Reports (PSURs) – providing standardized guidance and quality assurance for
                safety monitoring activities.




108   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                           Management and Decision-Making Level: Establishment of a Drug Safety
                           Committee, chaired by the General Manager, with members comprising heads of
                           the Pharmacovigilance Medical, Quality, Regulatory Affairs, and Sales
                           departments. The Committee is responsible for the assessment of critical risks and
                           decision-making regarding risk control measures.



                 Functional and Executive Level: An independent Pharmacovigilance Department is
                 established, staffed with dedicated personnel. This department is responsible for the daily
                 collection, scientific analysis, assessment, and reporting of adverse drug reactions (ADRs),
                 ensuring systematic, professional, and timely monitoring activities.




      Collaborative and Operational Level: Clear requirements are defined for functional departments –
      including Quality, Production, Sales, and Medical – to proactively fulfil their pharmacovigilance duties
      within their respective operational domains. This creates a monitoring network characterized by
      "organization-wide participation and end-to-end coverage," ensuring that risk information is effectively
      identified and transmitted from the front-line business scenarios.



         Lepu Biopharma’s Adverse Drug Reaction Monitoring Management Structure

In the realm of safety information collection, the Company proactively establishes a five-pronged
collection network encompassing “Healthcare Institutions, Regulatory Feedback, Patients, Academic
Literature, and Clinical Studies”. By leveraging multiple channels – including sales representative
follow-ups, regulatory authority feedback, patient hotlines, periodic literature searches, and clinical
study data – the Company has established effective and unobstructed pathways for ADR information
collection. This ensures the comprehensive and timely acquisition of adverse reaction information.
Following data acquisition, the Company conducts systematic signal detection and scientific
assessment, performing signal analysis every six months to identify potential risks, thereby achieving
effective ADR monitoring and risk control. Regarding reporting, the Company strictly adheres to
regulatory requirements and fulfils its reporting obligations according to the following timelines:


Report Type                                               Reporting Requirement

Post-marketing Serious ADRs                               Report within 15 days of awareness
                                                            (immediate reporting for fatal cases).
Post-marketing Non-serious ADRs                           Report within 30 days.
Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse                      Report within 7 or 15 days
  Reactions (SUSAR) in Clinical Trials                      (based on regulatory criteria).


Furthermore, the Company incorporates pharmacovigilance training into its annual routine schedule,
organizing company-wide online thematic training sessions each year. These sessions cover topics
such as ADR identification, reporting procedures, regulatory updates, and case studies. Effectiveness is
verified through assessments, aimed at clarifying the pharmacovigilance responsibilities of employees
across all positions and providing personnel support for product lifecycle safety management.




                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       109
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         3.2.3 R&D Ethics

                In conducting clinical trials, we consistently uphold the principle of balancing scientific progress with
                ethical compliance. While fully promoting the orderly advancement of research, we strictly adhere to
                ethical review requirements and relevant regulations, such as the Declaration of Helsinki and the GCP,
                ensuring that the entire R&D process is safe and standardized.


                Subject Privacy Protection

                Throughout the entire clinical research process, we prioritize the protection of subject rights, strictly
                following ethical principles and laws to effectively safeguard their rights to informed consent,
                autonomy, and personal information security. The Company signs the Confidentiality Agreements
                with all employees, suppliers, and partners, explicitly defining the responsibility of all parties to protect
                known trade secrets and sensitive information. In the area of clinical trials, all studies are conducted
                under the oversight of medical ethics review through partner hospitals, CROs, and other professional
                institutions. The Company only accesses necessary research data that has been de-identified, and
                participant identities are managed through coding systems. These measures ensure the protection
                of personal privacy at both the procedural and technical levels. During the Reporting Period, the
                Company experienced no incidents of subject privacy leakage or information security breaches.


                The Company actively promotes digital transformation in clinical research. By introducing professional
                Electronic Data Capture (EDC) systems, we achieve standardized, real-time data collection, and online
                management. In clinical operations, we utilize industry-standard EDC systems to establish standardized
                Electronic Case Report Forms. Investigators can enter source data in real-time at investigative sites,
                while the system performs edit checks synchronously to enhance data quality at the source. The
                Sponsor team can monitor data cleaning progress, database status, and query resolution closure via
                system dashboards, shifting data review from periodic spot checks to a continuous, dynamic tracking
                model. The system completely records all data operation trails, ensuring the integrity, confidentiality,
                and traceability of electronic data to meet regulatory requirements.


                Regarding clinical trial management, the Company has deployed a professional Clinical Operations
                Management System. This system realizes information-based control over the entire project lifecycle,
                accumulates organizational assets by capturing key management data through self-built modules, and
                provides a standardized SOP template library. It links critical document templates to projects with one
                click, ensuring uniformity of execution standards. The system supports online approval workflows for
                site surveys, screening, and initiations, and offers flexible adaptation to outsourced business scenarios,
                retaining operational flexibility within a compliant framework. Through preset task alerts and
                automatic reminders, the system assists CRAs and Project Managers in tracking milestones in real-time
                and combines this with automated KPI calculations to achieve objective assessments of personnel
                efficiency.




110   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.    SYNERGY FOR CREATION, SUSTAINABLE FUTURE THROUGH SUPPLY CHAIN
4.1   Supply Chain Management

      4.1.1 Supplier Management System

           Lepu Biopharma consistently regards the establishment of a responsible, stable, and sustainable supply
           chain system as a cornerstone for ensuring product quality and robust business operations. To meet
           the demands of commercial product launches, the Company continuously refines its supplier lifecycle
           management matrix to comprehensively standardize procurement activities. We have formulated
           and implemented core policies, including the Procurement Management Procedure , the Service
           Provider and Material Supplier Management Procedure , the Printed Packaging Material Management
           Procedure , and the Small Molecule Supplier Management Procedure . These policies cover the entire
           procurement workflow, from front-end supplier sourcing and initial qualification assessment to
           customer-supplied material management, as well as annual re-evaluation and routine supervision
           mechanisms.


           In the supplier onboarding stage, the Company requires manufacturers to possess a valid Business
           License, a sound QMS, and organizational structure, along with relevant certifications such as
           ISO 9001, CMA, and CNAS. For agents/distributors, in addition to requiring primary authorization
           qualifications, holding an ISO 9001 certification serves as a scoring advantage in the assessment.
           The Procurement Department, in close collaboration with the QA Department and the requesting
           departments, forms a review panel to meticulously verify supplier qualification documents, ensuring
           legal business operations and production licenses. The Company conducts in-depth investigations into
           the supplier’s QMS, personnel training, production equipment, and process flows, implementing the
           following specific qualification measures:


                 In the preliminary review phase, the Company carefully checks the suppliers’ various
                  qualification documents to ensure they have the legal qualifications for operation and
                  production.


                 The Company also conducts a comprehensive assessment of the suppliers’ quality management
                  systems, production equipment, and process flows, and carries out onsite audits of suppliers of
                  key materials.


                 Through onsite visits, the Company gains an in-depth understanding of suppliers’ production
                  environments, quality management systems, and staff qualifications, looking for suppliers that
                  meet the Company’s requirements and are set for long-term cooperation.




                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   111
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         4.1.2 Supplier Evaluation and Review

                Lepu Biopharma has established and implemented a rigorous supplier evaluation and review
                mechanism. Based on the impact of materials on product quality and the level of process robustness
                risk, suppliers and their corresponding materials are scientifically classified into Class A, B, and C.
                In routine management, if a single supplier provides multiple materials, the Company uniformly
                assigns the highest risk classification among those materials for management purposes. During
                the qualification stage, the Company strictly enforces classified auditing: a comprehensive on-site
                audit is mandated for Class A material suppliers, while Class B material suppliers undergo on-site
                inspections based on the assessment results regarding their relevance to drug contact. In the annual
                re-evaluation, the Company continuously tracks the supplier’s actual performance. Evaluation results
                are explicitly categorized into three tiers: Outstanding Performance, Unsatisfactory Performance, and
                Failed Performance. This mechanism facilitates the dynamic optimization of the supply chain, realizing
                a system of “survival of the fittest”.


                                                    Audits Conducted During         Audits Conducted During
                Supplier Category                   Confirmatory Clinical Stage     Commercial Stage

                Class A Material Suppliers &        Qualification Review,           Qualification Review,
                    Category I Service Providers      Documentation Audit              Documentation Audit, On-site
                                                                                       Audit based on assessment
                                                                                       (All Class A material suppliers
                                                                                       require on-site audits)
                Class B Material Suppliers          Qualification Review,           Qualification Review,
                                                      Documentation Audit              Documentation Audit, On-site
                                                                                       Audit based on assessment
                Class C Logistics Suppliers &       Qualification Review            Qualification Review
                    Category II Service Providers


                       During the initial qualification stage, suppliers are permitted to submit self-assessment
                        questionnaires as valid references. For overseas suppliers, the Company utilizes third-party
                        audit reports or directly engages qualified third-party agencies to conduct rigorous evaluations.


                       Strictly adhering to GMP requirements, the Company conducts on-site audits for suppliers of
                        Class A critical materials. While prioritizing quality, the Company also integrates Environmental,
                        Health, and Safety (EHS) factors into the on-site assessment. Professional recommendations
                        are provided regarding the supplier’s workplace safety (e.g., PPE usage) and environmental
                        compliance (e.g., precursor chemical management).


                       The Company formulates the Annual Supplier Quality Audit Plan by extensively incorporating
                        inputs from requesting departments and submits it to the Procurement Department for
                        approval. Differentiated management frequencies are applied; for instance, Class B suppliers
                        undergo periodic evaluation every two years, and any supplier changes are subject to a strict
                        QA assessment mechanism.




112   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       For specific procurement categories, such as printed packaging materials, a joint QA and
        Marketing approval process is implemented. The Marketing Department confirms that the
        aesthetics meet sales requirements, while the QA Department conducts rigorous review and
        final approval. Subsequently, the QC Department establishes quality standards based on this
        approval, ensuring the accuracy of design drawings and supplier version numbers.


       When collaborating with state government agencies (e.g., for contract testing), relevant quality
        clauses are explicitly embedded within the service contracts.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had conducted in-depth audits on 26 suppliers
covering raw materials, primary packaging materials, and testing services. For suppliers failing spot
checks, the Company strictly enforced handling mechanisms, including suspending purchase orders,
issuing corrective action requests, and issuing internal notifications. This proactive approach mitigates
potential hazards, ensuring supply chain security and continuously optimizing the Company’s quality
system.


The Company has comprehensively upgraded its procurement planning and communication
mechanisms, shifting from traditional one-way information transmission to a proactive, collaborative
prevention model. The Procurement Department closely monitors supplier policy changes and
inventory levels, focusing on enhancing the supply resilience of core imported materials. With
antibody projects entering the commercial stage, the Company collaborates with Production and
Logistics to scientifically coordinate procurement frequency based on the annual production schedule.
Taking culture medium sourced from the USA as an example, due to its short shelf life and long lead
times, the Company increased the procurement frequency from once or twice a year to four times
annually. This strategy ensures the continuity of commercial production while effectively mitigating
the risk of supply shortages for core materials and reducing inventory carrying costs. It significantly
shortens the cash conversion cycle, ensuring the robustness, safety, and controllability of overall
production operations.


Category                                                                     Unit                 2025

Number of suppliers by geographical region
    (details categorized by region)                                     Suppliers                  886
Number of suppliers in China (the Chinese mainland)                     Suppliers                  854
Number of suppliers in China (Hong Kong,
    Macao and Taiwan) and Other Countries/Regions                       Suppliers                   32
Number of suppliers reviewed                                            Suppliers                   19
Number of suppliers suspended for non-compliance                        Suppliers                       0
Number of potential suppliers rejected for non-compliance               Suppliers                       0
Number of ISO certified suppliers                                       Suppliers                   78


                                      Number of suppliers in 2025




                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       113
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         4.1.3 Supplier Communication

                Lepu Biopharma places great emphasis on the collaborative development with partners, empowering
                the supply chain ecosystem through normalized technical exchanges and training. The Company
                actively organizes requesting departments and relevant technical personnel to engage with suppliers
                of similar businesses, facilitating in-depth discussions on core technical aspects such as quality
                standards, CUA (Critical Use Attributes), test items, and deviations from National Standards. In
                response to the implementation of the Pharmacopoeia of the People’s Republic of China (2025
                Edition) , the Company has conducted targeted communications with suppliers regarding specific
                variation items. We have explicitly mandated that relevant materials must strictly adhere to the
                corresponding Pharmacopoeia standards at designated time nodes, thereby ensuring comprehensive
                product quality compliance and robustness.




                                            On-site Technical Exchanges with Suppliers

                In deepening local supply chain cooperation, the Company actively promotes the testing and
                application of domestic consumables. Prior to 2024, the Company primarily relied on international
                brands for consumables in production. Following rigorous testing and evaluation, starting in 2025, the
                Company has progressively introduced and expanded the use of domestic consumables from suppliers
                like Cobetter and BioLink, based on the principle of increasing usage from low-impact to high-impact
                processes.


                This initiative has not only significantly shortened the lead time for materials and ensured the supply
                of goods for commercial production but has also effectively reduced procurement costs and enhanced
                the comprehensive competitiveness of the Company’s products. Furthermore, it has accumulated
                valuable experience for the application R&D and deep substitution of domestic materials.




114   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.2   Sustainable Supply Chain

      Lepu Biopharma has fully integrated the concept of sustainable development into its supply chain
      management system. The Company has officially incorporated environmental indicators into qualification
      assessments, giving priority to partners possessing environmental certifications and adopting green processes.
      Furthermore, we utilize the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System to conduct comprehensive
      spot checks on suppliers regarding administrative penalties, environmental compliance, and tax payment
      status, ensuring legality and green compliance across the entire supply chain.


      We have implemented management actions targeting suppliers regarding environmental protection and
      human rights compliance. In terms of environmental protection, the Company outsources partial assembly
      and sterilization processes to suppliers, effectively reducing waste of consumables in internal production.
      Regarding human rights compliance, during on-site audits of Class A material suppliers, we randomly inspect
      personnel files of key employees, focusing on verifying compliant employment information such as labour
      contract signing, skill training, and occupational disease examinations for laboratory positions.


      Regarding business ethics and integrity in procurement, the Company is committed to maintaining a fair
      and transparent cooperation environment. We have explicitly embedded the Anti-Bribery Agreement clauses
      into procurement contracts. Currently, at least 90% of contracts directly adopt Lepu Biopharma’s standard
      templates, and relevant business ethics and anti-corruption requirements now cover nearly all cooperative
      suppliers, eliminating compliance risks at the source.


      Furthermore, while ensuring quality requirements and alignment with registration strategies, the Company
      actively promotes supplier diversification, successfully substituting some international-brand raw materials
      and excipients with high-quality domestic alternatives such as Jiudian and Er-Kang.


4.3   Industry Exchange and Collaboration

      Lepu Biopharma actively engages in domestic and international industry conferences, thematic forums,
      and academic exchange events. Through these platforms, we continuously track technological trends and
      regulatory dynamics, assimilate advanced peer experiences, and expand our industry collaboration ecosystem.
      Meanwhile, we proactively share the Company’s progress and insights in R&D, clinical development, and
      industrialization. We engage with the industry to explore innovative directions, fostering a positive interactive
      atmosphere of “Learning, Sharing, and Co-creation”, thereby contributing to the continuous enhancement
      of our innovation capabilities and the construction of our industry influence.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   115
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



         Case:   Spotlight at the 2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
                 Annual Meeting

            At the 2025 AACR Annual Meeting, the Company systematically showcased innovative achievements
            based on proprietary platforms such as Hi-Topi and TOPAbody. This validated the Company’s
            international R&D strength and sustained innovation capabilities in cutting-edge fields like ADC,
            Mult specific antibodies, and immunotherapy. Notably, the oncolytic virus therapy CG0070 achieved
            positive progress in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial, and preclinical data for the CDH17-targeted ADC
            MRG007 demonstrated best-in-class potential, leading to a successful overseas licensing deal valued
            at over $1.2 billion.




         Case:   Major Release at the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
                 Annual Meeting

            Clinical results from the pivotal study of the Company’s proprietary EGFR-targeted ADC MRG003 for
            the treatment of recurrent/metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) were presented as an oral
            presentation at the ASCO Annual Meeting. As the world’s first approved EGFR ADC, the drug has
            received Breakthrough Therapy Designations in both China and the US, effectively filling a gap in
            later-line NPC treatment. Study data indicated that compared with chemotherapy, MRG003 increased
            the Objective Response Rate (ORR) in patients who had failed multiple prior lines of therapy by nearly
            triple, significantly prolonged Progression-Free Survival (PFS), and showed a clear trend of Overall
            Survival (OS) benefit alongside a favourable safety profile.




         Case:   Showcasing Innovation at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO)
                 Annual Congress

            At the ESMO Annual Congress, the Company presented three innovative studies, systematically
            validating the clinical value of the “ADC + Immunotherapy” combination strategy and multi-
            target layout. This reflects the Company’s systematic innovation capability – from monotherapy to
            combination therapies and from core targets to emerging targets – offering new treatment options
            for cancer patients. Clinical data revealed that the TF-targeted ADC MRG004A achieved a 40% ORR
            in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer and has entered Phase III registration trials. Furthermore,
            the combination of core product MRG003 with a PD-1 monoclonal antibody showed a 60% ORR in
            first-line exploration of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), and an impressive 73.3%
            ORR with a median PFS of 10.9 months in second-line treatment of recurrent/metastatic NPC.




116   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Case: Global Exclusive Licensing Collaboration with ArriVent BioPharma

         In 2025, the Company entered into a global exclusive license agreement with ArriVent BioPharma for
         MRG007, a potential best-in-class ADC for gastrointestinal cancers. This transaction signifies that the
         innovative value of the Company’s core ADC platform has been validated by the international market
         and marks a critical step in executing the “China-based, Global-oriented” strategy. By leveraging the
         partner’s global development and commercialization capabilities, this innovative drug – with potent
         preclinical activity – will benefit more colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients worldwide. The deal
         provides the Company with upfront payments and milestone revenues, with a potential total value of
         up to $1.21 billion.




4.4   Responsible Marketing

      4.4.1 Responsible Marketing System

            As a demonstration of our commitment to openness and transparency, Lepu Biopharma attaches
            great importance to the standardization and legality of marketing activities. The Company strictly
            complies with laws and regulations such as the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China , the
            Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China , the Advertising Law of the People’s
            Republic of China , the Interim Measures for the Administration of Censorship of Advertisements on
            Drugs , Medical Devices, Dietary Supplements and Formula Foods for Special Medical Purposes, the
            Measures for the Administration of Medical Advertisements , the Measures for the Examination of
            Drug Advertisements , and the Notice on the Standardized Use of Drug Names in Drug Advertisements .
            Based on these requirements, the Company has established a series of strict procedures to standardize
            marketing promotion and related management, maintaining market order and protecting consumer
            rights. In specific business operations, particularly regarding the promotion of prescription drugs,
            the Company firmly abstains from paid marketing and solely communicates objective product
            experimental data and advantages to physicians. We ensure that marketing content is truthful and
            reliable, providing necessary background information to assist healthcare professionals in accurately
            determining the suitability of drugs for their patients and fully understanding potential side effects.


      4.4.2 Responsible Marketing Practices

            In terms of marketing practices and supervision mechanisms, Lepu Biopharma implements stringent
            review and approval processes. All promotional materials targeting physicians must undergo
            a sequential process: drafting by the production department, compliance review by the Legal
            Department, and final review and signature by the Director before official use. For all marketing
            activities, the Company comprehensively adopts a two-tier approval system for supervision. Upon
            completion of an activity, executors must provide authentic evidence (e.g., on-site photos), which
            must be strictly reviewed and confirmed by the Finance Department before related expenses can
            be paid. Regarding communication and feedback, all drug complaints are exclusively handled by
            the professional Adverse Drug Reaction (ADR) Management Team, with no intervention from the
            Marketing Department. This ensures the independence and professionalism of pharmaceutical safety
            management.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     117
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                  To consolidate the foundation of compliant marketing within the team, the Company continuously
                  deepens its employee training system for responsible marketing. In 2025, the Company implemented
                  a monthly schedule for specialized training for new employees and invited colleagues from
                  cross-functional departments – including Medical, Marketing, Finance, and IT – to share professional
                  insights. During the training process, colleagues from the Medical Department specifically brief new
                  employees on the core medical information and compliance boundaries that must be communicated
                  to physicians, ensuring the professional competence of the marketing team and the implementation
                  of business norms.


  5.       BUILDING ON ECOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS, FOSTERING GREEN COEXISTENCE
  5.1      Climate Change Response

           Governance

           The Company is committed to fully integrating climate change response into its overall ESG governance
           framework. A collaborative governance structure has been established, driven by the Board of Directors,
           and ESG functional departments (for specific terms of reference, please refer to the “ESG Management”
           chapter of this Report). Under this structure, the Board of Directors, as the highest decision-making body, is
           responsible for reviewing the climate strategy direction and overseeing all related risks and opportunities. The
           ESG functional departments serve as the executive bodies, continuously identifying and implementing specific
           risk response measures in daily operations and across the supply chain, collecting and analysing relevant
           data, and managing internal and external communication. To ensure governance effectiveness, the Board
           maintain dynamic oversight of the identification and management status of climate risks and opportunities
           through regular dedicated reports, enabling long-term supervision of this issue. Furthermore, the Company
           carefully evaluates the potential impacts of climate change when formulating strategic plans, advancing
           major business decisions, and improving the risk management system, ensuring that it is deeply embedded in
           the overall considerations for corporate management and decision-making.


           Strategy

           Lepu Biopharma pays close attention to the potential impacts of climate change on the industry and
           the social environment and continuously monitors the regulatory requirements of relevant climate and
           environmental laws and regulations. In conjunction with its own business development, the Company is
           progressively exploring mechanisms for the identification and routine management of climate-related risks. It
           is introducing green concepts into office and operational activities, striving to ensure steady business growth
           while methodically advancing internal energy conservation and consumption reduction efforts. This pragmatic
           approach aims to gradually reduce the environmental burden of the Company’s activities.




118     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Referencing the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code and in line with
its short, medium, and long-term business plans as well as the macro-policy environment, Lepu Biopharma
employs scientific climate scenario analysis to systematically assess various climate-related risks and
opportunities. In assessing physical risks, our analysis is informed by the SSP1-2.6 and SSP5-8.5 proposed by
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). For transition risks, the Company conducts rigorous
assessments based on the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) and the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE)
modelled by the International Energy Agency (IEA). The scope of this scenario analysis primarily focuses on
the Company’s core operational locations, serving as a baseline for continuously strengthening the climate
resilience of the overall business.


Scenario             Climate
Assumption           Scenario         Scenario Description

                     SSP1-2.6         SSP1-RCP 2.6 is a low-emissions scenario designed to limit the increase in
                                      global average temperature to below 2°C relative to pre-industrial levels,
                                      with the goal of limiting warming to 1.5°C. This scenario requires robust
                                      climate policies worldwide, including a significant reduction in fossil fuel
                                      use, improved energy efficiency, and the promotion of renewable energy,
Physical Risks
                                      among others.
                     SSP5-8.5         SSP5-8.5 is a high-emissions scenario, assuming no additional emission
                                      reduction measures are implemented to limit greenhouse gas emissions in
                                      the future. Under this scenario, global greenhouse gas emissions would
                                      continue to rise.
                     NZE              This scenario charts a narrow, technically feasible, and cost-effective
                                      pathway to achieve net-zero carbon dioxide emissions from the global
                                      energy and industrial sectors by 2050, thereby stabilising global
                                      temperature rise to within 1.5°C.
Transition Risks
                     STEPS            The Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) reflects the future trends in energy and
                                      emissions under the current policy framework, without further changes,
                                      and is used to assess the potential impact of existing policies on climate
                                      change.


In alignment with the Company’s future development strategy, a phased timeline framework has been
established. This framework analyses the likelihood and potential impact of climate risks across three-time
horizons: short term (0-1 year), medium term (2030), and long term (2050). Through scenario analysis, risks
are categorized into three levels: Low, Medium, and High. Corresponding response measures are formulated
for each identified climate-related risk and opportunity.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     119
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Risk                                          Business Impact                      Financial Impact                  Response                                       Level    Time Horizon

                     Physical Risks (Acute):    •    Damage to office buildings •         Increased costs for asset    •   Developing and drilling business           Low      Medium to
                     Extreme weather events          and equipment from                   repair and replacement           continuity and emergency response                   Long Term
                     such as typhoons and            strong winds and heavy          •    Operational disruption           plans
                     floods                          rainfall, leading to asset           leading to an overall        •   Identifying asset damage risks and
                                                     loss                                 decline in operating             procuring necessary insurance
                                                •    Equipment damage                     revenue                      •   Conducting regular specialized safety
                                                     jeopardises business                                                  inspections and hazard identification
                                                     continuity and financial
                                                     performance
  Physical Risks
                     Chronic Risk: Rising       •    Higher temperatures may         •    Increased operational costs •    Promoting upgrades to air-conditioning Low          Medium to
                     average temperatures            necessitate more cooling        •    Work stoppages leading to        hardware and installing high-efficiency             Long Term
                                                     equipment, potentially               revenue decline                  cooling equipment
                                                     causing localized power                                           •   Continuously advancing energy
                                                     supply strain                                                         conservation and consumption
                                                •    In extreme cases, may lead                                            reduction to support green
                                                     to work stoppages                                                     development
                                                                                                                       •   Strengthening supply chain risk
                                                                                                                           management
                     Policy & Legal: Tighter    •    Stricter external               •    Increased costs for data     •   Closely monitoring changes in              Low      Medium Term
                     regulations, higher             environmental regulations            collection, system checks,       environmental laws, regulations, and
                     carbon pricing, and             demand more rigorous                 and verification                 policies, and responding promptly
                     stricter emissions              disclosures                     •    Rising costs associated      •   Strengthening comprehensive
                     reporting requirements     •    Risk of related litigation or        with litigation and              compliance operations
                                                     claims may increase                  potential claims             •   Actively participating in industry
                                                                                                                           dialogue and exchanges
                     Technological: Pressure to •    Facing the need to              •    Pressure regarding           •   Proactively advancing research and         Medium   Medium to
                     transition to low-carbon        upgrade existing                     technological transition         development related to green chemistry              Long Term
                     technologies                    production equipment                 leads to additional R&D      •   Increasing the application of energy-
                                                     for low-carbon and smart             cost increases                   saving and consumption-reduction
                                                     operations                      •    May impact the                   technologies
  Transition Risks                              •    Technology transition                Company’s sales and          •   Enhancing the Company’s overall R&D
                                                     brings a green premium               profitability in the short       capability by cultivating and retaining
                                                                                          term, posing a risk of           talent
                                                                                          revenue decline
                     Reputational: Increasing   •    Lagging climate action          •    Faces risk of short-term     •   Enhancing sustainable development          Low      Medium to
                     negative feedback from          may lead to negative                 cash flow decline                capabilities and internal management                Long Term
                     stakeholders                    evaluations from                                                      transparency
                                                     stakeholders, potentially                                         •   Integrating climate issues into the
                                                     resulting in investor                                                 Company’s long-term strategy with
                                                     divestment                                                            clear commitments
                                                                                                                       •   Demonstrating progress through regular
                                                                                                                           reporting and strengthening daily public
                                                                                                                           sentiment monitoring


120      Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Opportunity                              Potential Impact                      Response

                  Resource Efficiency:   •   Introducing energy-efficient      •   Proactively advancing
                  Utilising more             innovative processes can              research and development
                  efficient production       effectively reduce daily              in green chemistry-related
                  processes                  resource consumption                  technologies
                                             and manufacturing costs,          •   Increasing the application
                                             lowering expenses                     of various energy-saving
                                                                                   and consumption-reduction
                                                                                   technologies
                                                                               •   Comprehensively enhancing
                                                                                   overall energy utilisation
                                                                                   efficiency
Climate           Energy Transition:     •   Increasing the proportion         •   Actively exploring diversified
Opportunities     Utilising low-carbon       of renewable energy usage             clean energy supply channels
                  and clean energy           significantly reduces carbon      •   Progressively optimising the
                                             emission levels in daily              underlying electricity mix
                                             operations, lowering costs
                                             associated with carbon
                                             pricing and compliance-
                                             driven regulations
                                         •   Meets downstream
                                             customers’ expectations
                                             for a green supply chain,
                                             potentially increasing
                                             revenue


Risk Management

Lepu Biopharma incorporates climate change-related factors into its existing risk management processes.
Through steps such as risk identification, risk assessment, and risk response, the Company analyses and
manages the operational risks that may arise from climate change. This approach aims to enhance the
Company’s preparedness for relevant scenarios and ensure the stability of its business operations.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     121
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                    Risk Identification

                        • The Company regularly monitors climate change-related policies, regulations, industry trends,
                          and operational feedback. Benchmarked against industry peers, it identifies and catalogues
                          the primary risks and opportunities potentially arising from climate change



                                                                    Risk Assessment

                        • The Company evaluates identified climate-related risks based on their likelihood of
                          occurrence, potential impact severity, and adaptability. Incorporating input from stakeholders
                          and external experts, it analyses and prioritises these risks according to their significance



                                                                      Risk Response

                        • For the key climate-related risks identified, the company formulates corresponding
                          management measures and response plans. These risk mitigation measures are then
                          implemented through relevant management arrangements


                                                      Climate Risk Management Process.

         Metrics and Targets

         Lepu Biopharma’s greenhouse gas emissions primarily originate from electricity consumption. To address
         this, the Company is actively optimising its electricity mix by increasing the proportion of renewable energy
         and reducing reliance on fossil fuels, thereby effectively lowering its greenhouse gas emission levels.
         Concurrently, we are continuously exploring advanced and frontier technologies such as carbon capture and
         storage, with the aim of achieving deeper emission reduction targets in the future.


         Lepu Biopharma has established clear medium to long-term environmental management targets to guide
         relevant responsible departments in progressively implementing energy conservation and emission reduction
         initiatives. The Company proactively responds to the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, and in line with its
         own R&D and operational realities, systematically advances energy conservation, consumption reduction,
         and greenhouse gas mitigation actions. It is committed to collaborating with value chain partners to steadily
         reduce the overall carbon footprint of the enterprise.


         Indicator                                                               Unit                                 2025                 2024

         Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions2                                       tCO2e                           2,097.33             1,708.10
         Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions             3
                                                                                 tCO2e                           3,987.46             5,173.71
         Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 & 2)                                       tCO2e                           6,084.79             6,881.81
         GHG Emission Intensity (Scope 1 & 2)                                    tCO2e/person                          8.57               13.82
         Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions4                                       tCO2e                           1,203.66                        /



  2      Natural Gas Emission Factor Sources: National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC)’s Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission
         Accounting and Reporting for Industrial and Other Enterprises (Trial) , the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories ,
         and the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB/T 2589-2020) .

  3      Electricity Emission Factor Source: the Announcement on Publishing the 2023 Electricity Carbon Dioxide Emission Factors .

  4      For Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions, we have collected and calculated the emissions data of purchased goods and services, waste
         generated from operations. In the future, we will gradually improve the statistics and calculation of Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions from
         other types, and enhance the completeness and transparency of the disclosure of Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions.




122   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


5.2   Environmental Management

      Lepu Biopharma strictly adheres to relevant laws, regulations, and policy documents, including the
      Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China , the Emergency Response Law of the
      People’s Republic of China , and the National Environmental Emergency Response Plan . Upholding the
      principles of being people-oriented and prioritising prevention, the Company continuously improves its
      internal environmental management system, striving to minimise the significant potential impacts of its
      business operations on the surrounding ecological environment and natural resources.


      At the governance level, the Company has established an Emergency Command Centre led by senior
      management. This centre oversees various emergency response teams, including rescue, monitoring,
      medical, logistics, and communications, ensuring swift reaction and co-ordinated handling in the event of an
      environmental incident. We conduct comprehensive assessments of key risk sources within our operations,
      establishing a four-tier alert mechanism and graded emergency response procedures. Concurrently, the
      Company maintains a professional emergency rescue team, allocates dedicated funds and a technical
      expert pool, and incorporates environmental protection investments into the annual budget. Through
      comprehensive material and technical support, we continuously enhance our overall capability to prevent and
      respond to sudden environmental accidents.


      To effectively prevent, control, and eliminate the hazards of sudden environmental accidents, and to
      safeguard employee lives, company assets, and the safety of the surrounding environment, Lepu Biopharma
      has comprehensively formulated and implemented the Emergency Plan for Sudden Environmental Accidents .
      Through systematic prevention and response mechanisms, we work to minimise potential environmental risks
      such as chemical leaks, wastewater exceeding discharge standards, and improper hazardous waste disposal.
      This aims to strictly prevent such operational risks from escalating into ecological risks causing substantive
      damage to local natural ecosystems, such as soil and water bodies. During the Reporting Period, the
      Company did not experience any ecological damage incidents.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   123
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         To ensure the effective advancement of environmental management, Lepu Biopharma has established
         clear environmental management objectives. The successful achievement of these objectives is safeguarded
         through regular monitoring and verification mechanisms.


         Environmental
         Management             Specific Metrics and            Monitoring and               Achievement Status
         Target Category        Requirements                    Verification Frequency       and Performance

         Compliance             Zero occurrences of             Wastewater indicators        Achieved: No
           Targets              environmental violations;       monitored daily and          environmental
                                100% compliance of              archived, real-time data     administrative penalties
                                pollutant discharges with       transmission from online     were incurred during
                                national and local standards    equipment at emission        the year, with good
                                                                points                       compliance performance
         Pollution Control      Exhaust gas treatment           Combined with routine        Consistently Met: Noise
           Targets              device operational efficiency   real-time monitoring;        reduction measures
                                ≥95%; non-methane total         energy and water             are effective on-site,
                                hydrocarbon concentration       resource consumption         environmental protection
                                ≤10 mg/m³; Factory              verified monthly/quarterly   facilities operate stably,
                                boundary noise: daytime ≤70     to mitigate consumption      and all pollutant
                                dB(A), nighttime ≤50 dB(A)      risks                        discharges are compliant
         Waste                  100% compliant disposal         Hazardous waste transfer     Achieved: Strictly
           Management           rate for hazardous waste        manifests are verified       selected qualified third-
           Targets              (e.g., laboratory waste         quarterly to ensure          party agencies for
                                liquid, spent reagents)         compliant disposal           full delegation and
                                                                processes                    standardized treatment


         To solidify the foundation of environmental management, the Company requires all employees to participate
         in specialized environmental training and actively organizes emergency drills. The Company conducts
         environmental training sessions biannually. The training content comprehensively covers environmental
         protection laws and regulations, internal rules and policies, pollution source identification, emergency
         response plans for incidents, as well as the definition, identification, labelling, and compliant disposal
         processes for hazardous waste. Furthermore, we regularly organize desktop exercises and comprehensive
         functional drills. These activities serve to test the effectiveness of contingency plans and enhance the speed
         of departmental coordination in response. Furthermore, based on the evaluation results, we dynamically
         revise and improve various environmental management systems in a timely manner.




124   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                  Company’s Environmental Management Training

5.3   Emissions Management

      Lepu Biopharma has established an Environmental Management Committee, supported by a dedicated
      environmental protection officer, to co-ordinate and supervise all environmental compliance work. To
      regulate the management of waste and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), the Company has
      formulated the Special Provisions on Hazardous Waste Management and the Environmental Self-monitoring
      Program .


      In the areas of waste classification and treatment, clear procedures are established: recyclable materials
      are collected for internal reuse; medical waste is collected in dedicated containers and undergoes strict
      disinfection treatment; hazardous waste such as waste acid and waste organic solvents is categorized and
      stored in designated warehouses meeting requirements for seepage prevention, leak-proofing, and fire
      resistance according to the Standards for Identification of Hazardous Waste , and is equipped with emergency
      supplies such as absorbent pads and fire extinguishers. Decommissioned physical assets are centrally
      registered and recycled through formal channels. All hazardous waste is entrusted to third-party processors
      possessing a business licence issued by the provincial environmental protection department. The transfer
      process implements the ‘five-copy manifest’ system, ensuring full traceability of the disposal process.


      The Company enforces the Discharge Standard of Water Pollutants for Pharmaceutical Industry and the
      Integrated Emission Standard of Air Pollutants , continuously deepening its environmental monitoring system.
      Based on the self-monitoring program, the Company commissions third-party agencies to conduct regular
      monitoring of parameters in wastewater, such as pH, COD, and ammonia nitrogen, and in emissions, such
      as particulate matter, non-methane total hydrocarbons, and nitrogen oxides. Factory boundary noise is
      controlled to ≤70 dB(A) during the day and ≤60 dB(A) at night. For implementation assurance, the Company
      collaborates with research institutions to develop treatment technologies for the “three wastes” (waste gas,
      wastewater, and solid waste) and conducts annual training on environmental regulations and operational
      skills. Furthermore, environmental targets are integrated into departmental performance assessments, with
      violations subject to a “one-vote veto” policy. Environmental data is regularly disclosed to accept regulatory
      and societal oversight.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   125
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         Targets and Performance for the Management of the Wastes


         Target Category        Specific Targets and Metrics         Achievement Status and Measures

         Wastewater             Ensure parameters such as COD,       Optimising processes and internal recycling;
           Management           ammonia nitrogen, and pH comply      online monitoring with real-time data
                                with national standards.             transmission.
         Waste Gas              Ensure compliance of VOCs,           Maintaining stable equipment operation;
           Management           dust, etc. (non-methane total        continuous monitoring of emission
                                hydrocarbons ≤10 mg/m³).             concentrations.
         Hazardous Waste        100% of waste is entrusted to        Vetting the credentials of delegated partners;
           Management           licensed third-party processors.     strictly implementing compliant management.


         5.3.1 Waste water Treatment

                Lepu Biopharma continuously strengthens the construction of its wastewater treatment facilities and
                online monitoring system. The Company has equipped its sewage treatment station with 24-hour
                automatic monitoring facilities, enabling real-time monitoring and timely alerts for wastewater data.
                This data is simultaneously uploaded to the Company’s internal system and relevant government
                regulatory departments. To ensure the accuracy of monitoring results and the stable operation of
                equipment, the Company regularly commissions third-party professional institutions for maintenance
                and testing. In daily operations, all wastewater undergoes pre-treatment and is only discharged
                through dedicated pipelines, which are subject to regular inspection and maintenance, after
                confirming it meets discharge standards.


                To comprehensively prevent the risk of groundwater pollution, the Company implements various
                measures addressing both source control and area protection. We have installed comprehensive
                impermeable layers in key areas such as hazardous waste storage and equipped them with leachate
                collection systems. Concurrently, the Company has strictly demarcated groundwater source protection
                zones, explicitly prohibiting the storage of any hazardous waste or direct discharge of wastewater
                within these areas. Through integrated management involving source control, pipeline network
                maintenance, and real-time monitoring, the Company has effectively prevented any potential negative
                impact on groundwater and surrounding soil environments from wastewater seepage.


                Indicator                           Unit                                 2025                  2024

                Wastewater                          ton                              23,407.75           14,337.41
                COD                                 ton                                   1.47                 0.66
                Ammonia-Nitrogen                    ton                                   0.03                 0.04




126   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


5.3.2 Air Emissions Management

     Lepu Biopharma actively advances measures for the improvement of air pollution at its source
     and through end-of-pipe treatment. In daily workshop operations, the Company has reduced the
     concentration of isopropanol used for instrument disinfection from 75% to 70%, directly minimising
     exhaust gas volatilisation at the source. For the collection and treatment of exhaust gases, we employ
     a sealed positive pressure collection system via the purified air-conditioning system and ducting of
     the DA005 exhaust stack. This is combined with treatment facilities utilising high-efficiency filters and
     activated carbon for in-depth interception and adsorption of the gases.


     Regarding assessment and performance, with reference to materials such as the Investigation and
     Research on Industrial Pollution Source and calculations based on the most unfavourable conditions,
     the exhaust gas collection rate of the facilities reaches 80%, with a treatment removal rate of 15%.
     In 2025, following the implementation of improvement solutions such as concentration substitution,
     the Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) generation from the DA005 exhaust stack was 93.258 kg,
     and the total exhaust gas emissions were controlled at 63.415 kg. Compared to the pre-improvement
     figure of 101.659 kg, the Company’s overall VOCs emissions were reduced to 96.426 kg, achieving
     an annual emission reduction of 5.233 kg, representing a reduction rate of 5.14%.


     Indicator                           Unit                                    2025                  2024

     Waste gas emissions                 m3                               72,784,506            61,930,046


5.3.3 Solid Waste Management

     Lepu Biopharma is committed to reducing waste generation at source and continuously minimising
     the creation of by-products in the production process through technological innovation. In daily
     operations, the Company increases the proportion of recycled and environmentally friendly materials,
     such as recycled plastics and paper-based materials, and implements effective measures to reduce
     the consumption of single-use plastics, thereby promoting waste reduction and resource recovery
     internally.


     For hazardous waste, including laboratory waste, waste liquids, and spent activated carbon, the
     Company has established a rigorous closed-loop management system covering both internal and
     external processes. Regarding internal management, we clearly define the types and properties
     of hazardous waste in accordance with regulations, assign dedicated identification markers, and
     designate personnel responsible for its classification, collection, and storage. The Company maintains
     a hazardous waste ledger to record full-process information, configures emergency equipment and
     conducts regular drills, and periodically reports management status to environmental authorities. For
     external transfer, the Company initiates applications via a dedicated online platform, strictly selects
     and entrusts licensed third-party agencies for treatment. Detailed contracts are signed to clarify
     responsibilities, and after obtaining approval for the transfer plan, transfer manifests are completed.
     The transportation process employs enclosed vehicles with full process monitoring to ensure the entire
     treatment process is safe and compliant.




                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    127
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                To effectively manage odours generated during production and wastewater treatment, the Company
                employs specialized technologies such as biofilters for in-depth treatment. At the front end, we have
                installed two inactivation tanks (one in use, one on standby), using chemical dosing for batch-wise
                inactivation and pH adjustment, with the tanks lined for corrosion protection. The treated water is
                then equalized in terms of volume and quality in a high-concentration wastewater equalisation tank
                and a comprehensive sewage equalisation tank, before entering a hydrolytic acidification tank to
                convert hard-to-degrade substances into more readily degradable ones. The system further utilises a
                contact oxidation process, employing aerobic sludge to adsorb and remove organic pollutants. The
                wastewater subsequently enters a sludge sedimentation tank, where the supernatant overflows for
                discharge, and the settled sludge is recycled for nitrification treatment. Excess sludge is regularly
                treated using a plate-and-frame sludge dewatering unit, ensuring comprehensive and proper disposal
                of odours and pollutants.


                To enhance the safety awareness and operational skills of all personnel, Lepu Biopharma organizes
                annual specialized waste management training for all employees every March. The training
                systematically covers the definition and identification of hazardous waste, storage pollution control
                standards, identification markers, technical specifications for collection, storage, and transportation,
                legal liabilities, internal disposal procedures, and specific environmental emergency plans. For key
                personnel responsible for hazardous waste transfer, the Company implements strict training and
                skills assessment, directly linking the assessment results to individual performance, thereby further
                solidifying the sense of responsibility for standardized waste management.




                                                    Waste Management Training


                Indicator                              Unit                                  2025                2024

                Total hazardous waste                  ton                                 28.06                26.92
                Hazardous waste per person             ton/person                            0.26                0.05
                Total non-hazardous waste              ton                                 16.50                 6.29
                Non-hazardous waste per person         ton/person                            0.15                0.01




128   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


5.4   Resource Management

      5.4.1 Energy Management

           Lepu Biopharma places high importance on green operations and sustainable development,
           consistently striving to enhance energy use efficiency and reduce the environmental impact of daily
           operations through refined management and technological upgrades. To effectively reduce energy
           consumption, the Company actively promotes digital transformation. Intelligent systems have been
           comprehensively installed in core plant buildings and workshops, enabling the real-time, 24-hour
           tracking and dynamic monitoring of various energy consumption data. Leveraging the precise
           data provided by this system, the Company can scientifically analyse energy usage patterns and
           continuously optimise the operational modes of production equipment. This not only effectively
           prevents unnecessary energy wastage and maximises overall energy utilisation, but also significantly
           reduces the routine maintenance costs of equipment, steadily advancing the manufacturing system
           towards a low-carbon, efficient, and green model.


           Indicator                                  Unit                                 2025              2024

           Natural Gas                                MWh                            10,659.42         10,236.33
           Purchased Electricity                      MWh                              7,515.01          7,635.34
           Total Energy Consumption                   MWh                            16,188.25         17,871.67
           Total Energy Consumption Intensity         MWh/person                          22.80             35.89


      5.4.2 Water Resource Usage

           Lepu Biopharma attaches great importance to the rational use and protection of water resources and
           actively explores effective pathways for water conservation and emission reduction. To reduce water
           consumption in daily operations, the Company vigorously promotes the technological transformation
           of production facilities. Specifically for the pure water production process required for its operations,
           the Company has completed a comprehensive upgrade of the overall technology. This has significantly
           increased the feed water utilisation rate, effectively reducing water resource wastage during the
           production process, thereby achieving a steady improvement in overall water-use efficiency.


           Indicator                                  Unit                                 2025              2024

           Total water consumption                    ton                            53,229.90         51,517.44
           Water consumption per person               ton/person                          74.97            103.45




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    129
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


           5.4.3 Packaging Material Usage

                  Lepu Biopharma places a high priority on the environmental impact across a product’s entire lifecycle,
                  deeply integrating green and low-carbon principles into the daily management of packaging materials.
                  While strictly ensuring drug quality, compliance requirements, and the safety of cold chain logistics,
                  the Company is committed to advancing the streamlining of packaging design and the lightweighting
                  of materials. We actively explore and progressively evaluate alternative application solutions involving
                  environmentally friendly, recyclable materials, aiming to substantially reduce over-packaging and
                  resource consumption at source. Furthermore, the Company will continue to monitor cutting-edge
                  green packaging technologies within the pharmaceutical industry, continually improving the
                  comprehensive utilisation efficiency of packaging materials, and taking concrete actions to reduce the
                  environmental burden of its business operations.


                  Indicator                                  Unit                                2025              2024

                  Total packaging material consumption       ton                                14.67              5.81


  6.       BUILDING TALENT, STRENGTHENING FOUNDATIONS, AND MOVING FORWARD
           TOGETHER
           Lepu Biopharma adheres to a people-oriented philosophy, recognising employees as the core driving force for
           innovation and development. We actively gather outstanding talent with diverse backgrounds, continuously
           improve a competitive remuneration and benefits system alongside occupational health care, and support
           employees’ continuous professional growth through systematic training, clear career development pathways,
           and fostering an innovative atmosphere, thereby building a sustainable talent ecosystem.


  6.1      Compliance employment

           We base our practices on national laws and regulations, strictly standardising recruitment and employment
           management to effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees. Concurrently,
           upholding an open and inclusive employment philosophy, we actively attract excellent talent from
           diverse backgrounds and different fields, continuously infusing the enterprise with innovative vitality and
           developmental momentum.




130     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


6.1.1 Employee Hiring

      We strictly comply with national laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic
     of China and the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China . We have formulated a
      series of Employee Management Policy, including the Recruitment Management Policy, the Interview
     Management Measures, the Employee Probation Management Measures, and the Entry and Exit
     Management Policy. These clearly define the management requirements for the entire employee
      lifecycle, from recruitment and onboarding to departure, ensuring that all human resources activities
      are conducted in a standardized and rule-based manner.


      During the recruitment process, we have established rigorous mechanisms for verifying candidate
      identity and background. Through systematic verification, we ensure that all hired personnel meet
      the legal working age requirements, eliminating the possibility of employing child or forced labour.
      We conduct necessary identity and age verification for all prospective hires and continue to monitor
      the authenticity of employee information after onboarding. Should any discrepancies arise regarding
      an applicant’s age or other information, we immediately initiate a re-verification process and engage
      proactively with relevant parties to ensure all employment practices are fully lawful and compliant,
      thereby fulfilling the Company’s social responsibility and legal obligations in employment. During the
      Reporting Period, Lepu Biopharma did not encounter any incidents related to the use of child labour
      or forced labour.


      We uphold the principles of openness, inclusiveness, and respect. During recruitment, hiring,
      and salary determination, we strictly avoid differential treatment based on a candidate’s gender,
      disability, pregnancy, belief, race, or other factors unrelated to job competence. Furthermore, the
      Company continuously conducts awareness campaigns, making it clear that we maintain a ‘zero
      tolerance’ stance towards workplace discrimination and harassment. Relevant anti-discrimination
      and anti-harassment regulations have been formulated and are strictly enforced, with corresponding
      disciplinary mechanisms in place, to fully foster and maintain a workplace culture of equality and
      inclusivity.




                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   131
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                We actively expand diversified recruitment channels combining online and offline methods, broadly
                attracting talent through campus recruitment, social recruitment, and internal referrals. In 2025,
                the Company defined key recruitment targets, including plans to expand the marketing team to
                approximately 400 personnel and to focus on recruiting experienced researchers for the R&D team,
                which were successfully completed. Our employee composition during the Reporting Period is shown
                in the table below:


                Key Performance Indicator                                               Unit               2025

                Total Number of Employees                                               Person(s)           710
                Total Number of Employees           Male                                Person(s)           355
                   by Gender                        Female                              Person(s)           355
                Total Number of Employees           Full-time                           Person(s)           594
                   by Employment Type               Contract Personnel                  Person(s)           116
                Total Number of Employees           ≤30                                 Person(s)           212
                   by Age Group                     30~50                               Person(s)           490
                                                    ≥50                                 Person(s)              8
                Total Number of Employees by        Doctoral                            Person(s)             18
                   Educational Background           Postgraduate (Master’s)             Person(s)           119
                                                    Bachelor’s Degree and Below         Person(s)           573
                Total Number of Employees           Senior Management                   Person(s)              4
                   by Employee Type                 Middle Management                   Person(s)           171
                                                    General Staff                       Person(s)           535
                Total Number of Employees           Chinese Mainland                    Person(s)           710
                   by Region                        Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan,           Person(s)              0
                                                      and Other Countries


                Metric                                                                  Unit              Value

                Employee Turnover Rate                                                  %               26.48%
                Employee Turnover Rate by Gender             Male                       %               29.01%
                                                             Female                     %               23.94%
                Employee Turnover Rate by Age Group          ≤30                        %               28.30%
                                                             30~50                      %               26.12%
                                                             ≥50                        %                 0.00%
                Employee Turnover Rate by Region             Mainland China Employees   %               26.20%




132   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     We place high importance on the continuous development of our R&D talent system and believe that
     a solid talent foundation is a crucial support for driving product innovation and enhancing market
     competitiveness.


     Key Performance
     Indicator                                                              Unit                      2025

     R&D Team Development        Total R&D Team Headcount                   Person(s)                  133
                                 Percentage of master’s degree and
                                    Above in R&D Team                       %                           63


6.1.2 Remuneration and Performance

     Lepu Biopharma continuously refines its remuneration and performance management systems, striving
     to build a scientific, reasonable, and motivational framework. By implementing diverse employee
     incentive initiatives, we fully stimulate employee potential and work enthusiasm, fostering a proactive,
     collaborative, and progressive workplace atmosphere.


     Regarding the remuneration system, we have established internal policies such as the Salary
     Management System , forming a pay structure based on job value and referenced against market
     levels. This ensures that remuneration distribution maintains both internal equity and external
     competitiveness. While guaranteeing stable and reasonable compensation for employees, we
     place greater emphasis on the motivational aspect of pay, closely linking it to individual capability,
     contribution, and performance outcomes. This effectively attracts, retains, and motivates outstanding
     talent, supporting the achievement of the Company’s strategic objectives.


     In performance management, we have constructed a performance management system oriented by
     strategy and aimed at development. This system scientifically deconstructs organisational goals into
     individual performance objectives. Through systematic, objective evaluation and continuous feedback,
     it not only measures work results but also focuses on capability enhancement and behavioural
     improvement. We are committed to making performance management a core mechanism that drives
     employee growth, enhances organisational effectiveness, and realises the shared development of
     individuals and the Company.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    133
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  6.2      Talent Development

           We attach great importance to the continuous growth of our talent, consistently increasing resource
           investment to build a systematic and forward-looking development system. Through various forms such
           as tailored training, project practice, and mentorship, we comprehensively assist employees in enhancing
           their professional capabilities and comprehensive qualities. Concurrently, we establish and improve career
           development pathways, ensuring that employees’ contributions and growth are met with corresponding
           promotions and rewards, achieving resonance and long-term mutual benefit between personal value and
           organizational development.


           6.2.1 Promotion and Development

                  We adhere to the principles of fairness and transparency, establishing clear internal development
                  pathways for every employee to ensure everyone’s growth and contribution is recognized. Based on a
                  fair performance appraisal system, the Company tailors promotion paths aligned with both personal
                  attributes and job functions for employees, effectively motivating them to continuously improve their
                  professional capabilities.


                  To ensure fairness and transparency in the promotion process, the Company has established a
                  cross-departmental joint review mechanism. An employee’s promotion eligibility requires joint
                  evaluation and approval by their respective business department head and the Human Resources
                  Department, with a comprehensive assessment based on multiple dimensions including work
                  performance, professional competence, overall quality, and future development potential. This
                  mechanism aims to minimise subjective factors in decision-making, ensuring the objectivity and
                  credibility of promotion outcomes, and making employees’ career paths clear and trustworthy.


           6.2.2 Training and Growth

                  We highly value the comprehensive development of our employees. Based on a practical
                  understanding of their growth needs, we continuously optimise a rich and varied training system.
                  In 2025, the Company’s training initiatives closely aligned with business development strategies.
                  Anticipating the launch rhythm of new products, we proactively organized specialized ADC product
                  training covering all employees. Simultaneously, we customized modular learning programs like
                  ‘Daily Practice’ for the sales team, effectively empowering the team with knowledge and capability
                  enhancement, achieving synergy between training and business strategy. During the Reporting Period,
                  we conducted over 1,040 training sessions cumulatively throughout the year, with a total learning
                  duration of 12,200 hours.


                  Regarding training channels and methods, we have built a digital learning matrix centred on three
                  core online learning platforms: Moxueyuan, Lconcile, and Yunci. This supports multi-terminal, flexible
                  learning modes. Training content covers key areas including R&D, production, quality, marketing, and
                  functions. Adopting primarily internal courses, supplemented by external resources’ approach, we
                  systematically conduct training in critical areas such as GMP/GCP compliance, job skills, document
                  processes, and safe operations. This forms a comprehensive cultivation system integrating online and
                  offline methods, and balancing theory with practical application.




134     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



            Key Performance Indicator                                           Unit                         2025

            Percentage of Trained Employees                                     %                             100
            Total Training Hours Completed           Male                       Hours                       8,997
              by Employees, by Gender                Female                     Hours                      10,062
            Total Training Hours Completed           Senior Management          Hours                          34
              by Employees, by Employee Category     Middle Management          Hours                       5,064
                                                     General Staff              Hours                      13,961
            Average Training Hours Completed         Male                       Hours/person                   25
              per Employee, by Gender                Female                     Hours/person                   28
            Average Training Hours Completed         Senior Management          Hours/person                       9
              per Employee, by Employee Category     Middle Management          Hours/person                   30
                                                     General Staff              Hours/person                   26


6.3   Excellence in Care

      Lepu Biopharma consistently focuses on fostering a warm and sustainable organizational atmosphere,
      supporting employees in achieving a harmonious work-life balance while pursuing their professional
      development. During the Reporting Period, we continued to enhance the multi-dimensional benefits system,
      including health care and flexible working arrangements, thereby strengthening employees’ sense of
      belonging and team cohesion.


      6.3.1 Employee Communication

            Lepu Biopharma highly values employees’ opinions and suggestions, viewing feedback from
            all business units as important guidance for the Company’s continuous development. We have
            established dedicated internal communication channels, encouraging employees to proactively
            report difficulties encountered at work and share their suggestions. Furthermore, the Company
            actively gathers employee feedback through various means such as regular face-to-face meetings
            between administrative personnel and department heads, as well as online communication sessions.
            We actively coordinate internal resources, promptly address employee expectations, and effectively
            transform feedback into momentum for management improvement and organizational growth.


            Additionally, we have established a performance communication mechanism. Through structured
            performance review interviews covering all employees and organized by function, we systematically
            collect constructive opinions from staff regarding the operations of various company departments,
            institutional processes, and management styles. This feedback, after being collated and analysed,
            is directed to relevant management levels, forming an effective information pathway from the
            grassroots to decision-makers. This enhances management transparency and boosts employees’ sense
            of engagement.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       135
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         6.3.2 Employee Care

                Lepu Biopharma always regards the fruits of the Company’s development as an important part
                to be shared with its employees. We continuously translate market achievements into tangible
                employee benefits. By improving a multi-dimensional welfare system encompassing health security
                and life support and organising a variety of team-building and cultural care activities, we provide
                comprehensive support for employees’ work and life. This helps alleviate stress, enhances a sense of
                belonging, and achieves the common growth of the enterprise and individuals.




                                               Birthday Care:
                                               Each month, employees with birthdays receive personalized greetings
                                               and thoughtful gifts, conveying organisational care in subtle ways and
                                               fostering a warm, family-like workplace atmosphere.




                                               Team-Building Activities:
                                               Regular departmental team-building and outdoor development activities
                                               are organized to help employees relieve stress, enhance interaction, and
                                               strengthen team cohesion through collaborative engagement.



                                               Annual Gala and Recognition:
                                               A comprehensive annual gala is held at year-end, integrating
                                               year-end summaries, recognition of outstanding performers, cultural
                                               performances, and interactive prize draws. This event collectively
                                               showcases team spirit and the company’s human touch.



                                               Festive Care:
                                               Throughout the year, we continuously implement regular caring
                                               initiatives such as festive benefits and health care activities. This allows
                                               employees to consistently feel the company’s thoughtful companionship,
                                               building a harmonious and warm environment for development.




136   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


6.4   Occupational Health and Safety

      We consistently uphold ‘safety first’ as an unwavering core principle of production, placing high importance
      on and systematically managing the occupational health and safety of our employees. To this end, we
      have built and continue to improve a systematic safety management framework and a clear organisational
      structure. Simultaneously, through safety training and awareness campaigns covering all employees, we
      are committed to embedding a safety-conscious mindset, transforming it into daily behavioural habits, and
      solidifying the safety foundation for the Company’s sustainable development.


      6.4.1 Production Safety Management

            Based on strict compliance with national laws and regulations such as the Work Safety Law of
            the People’s Republic of China , the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
            Treatment of Infectious Diseases , the Regulations on the Safety Management of Hazardous Chemicals ,
            and the Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurance of the People’s Republic of China , we have
            systematically established an internal standardized safety management system. We have formulated
            and implemented a series of policy documents, including the Safety Production Standardization
            Management Manual, the Hazardous Chemicals Safety Management System, the Special Chemical
            Emergency Response Plan, the Fire Safety Management System, the Management System for
            Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards and the Hazardous Work Management System.
            These comprehensively cover and clearly regulate all aspects of work safety.


            During the Reporting Period, in accordance with the latest requirements of regulations such as the
            Technical Specifications for Occupational Health Surveillance , the Company promptly updated its
            internal health surveillance and work safety systems. This update incorporated newly mandated
            inspection scenarios, classifications for emergency and post-employment examinations, as well as
            refined inspection cycles and records management protocols. Furthermore, we fully implemented the
            ‘Three Responsibilities and Three Musts’ principle of the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic
            of China . By revising management manuals and conducting specialized training, we continuously
            strengthened employees’ capabilities in health risk prevention and emergency response, earnestly
            fulfilling our compliance responsibilities for occupational health and safety.


            Regarding specific production safety management measures, we provide all personnel with basic
            personal protective equipment (PPE) compliant with national standards, such as safety helmets, gas
            masks, and protective gloves. For specific environments like laboratories, we additionally supply
            fire-resistant and acid/alkali-resistant lab coats. Through the establishment of usage logs and strict
            enforcement of immediate replacement policies for damaged or expired items (e.g., safety goggles,
            filter canisters), we ensure the effectiveness of protection.


            In terms of promoting a production safety culture, we have established a regular safety training and
            emergency drill mechanism to continuously enhance employees’ awareness of safety risks and their
            practical response capabilities. Combining online courses with offline practical exercises, we conduct
            training for all employees on regulations, risk identification, and emergency response awareness. We
            reinforce operational procedure education for new hires and focus on responsibility fulfilment for
            management. Additionally, we organize specialized skills training for areas such as laboratory safety
            and fire safety.



                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   137
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                During the Reporting Period, the overall work safety situation at the Company remained stable. No
                fatal accidents occurred, and two minor work-related injuries were properly handled. In the future,
                we will continue to prioritise employee safety and constantly consolidate the foundation of our safety
                work.


         6.4.2 Occupational Health Management

                Lepu Biopharma strictly complies with national laws and regulations, including the Law of the People’s
                Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases , placing the protection
                of employees’ occupational health and safety at a vital position within company operations. We
                are committed to creating a safe, healthy, and compliant working environment for our employees,
                earnestly fulfilling the Company’s long-term responsibility towards their well-being.


                During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to advance occupational health protection
                for employees. By conducting specialized occupational health and safety training covering all staff
                and organising annual health check-ups, we consistently implement comprehensive care and risk
                prevention for employees’ physical and mental health, striving to build a safer and healthier work
                environment.



                Case:    Organizing Occupational Health Check-ups and Establishing Individual
                         Health Records

                    In October 2025, we organized occupational health check-ups covering all employees. The
                    program included routine examinations such as blood tests and ultrasounds, as well as
                    specialized screenings for occupational diseases for specific roles, such as noise exposure. The
                    Company established an “individual health record” for each employee, enabling continuous
                    tracking of their health status and facilitating precise interventions.




                Case: Conducting Multi-Scenario Emergency Drills to Fortify Safety Defences

                    Following the 2025 annual drill plan, the Company systematically carried out a series of
                    emergency drills. Throughout the year, five specialized drills were organized, covering key
                    risk scenarios including confined space incidents, fire emergencies, hazardous chemical leaks,
                    and biosafety breaches. These drills aimed to comprehensively test and enhance personnel’s
                    emergency response, coordination, and safety assurance capabilities in complex, unexpected
                    situations, thereby continuously reinforcing the effectiveness and reliability of the Company’s
                    emergency management system.




138   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


7.    COMPASSIONATE CARE FOR THE WORLD, BENEFITING MILLIONS
7.1   Universal Healthcare

      Lepu Biopharma continuously focuses on the actual clinical needs of a broad patient population, actively
      exploring diversified medical payment pathways to enhance drug accessibility. For products in 2025 that
      were not yet included in the National Centralized Drug Procurement and remained self-paid, the Company
      actively promoted their integration into the multi-level medical security system. By participating in local
      supplementary medical insurance schemes, we effectively reduced patients’ out-of-pocket expenses and
      alleviated family financial burdens. To date, we have successfully included relevant products in 33 regional
      City-based Commercial Health Insurance across the country.


      In advancing the translation and sharing of our products’ clinical value, the Company consistently discloses
      the latest R&D and therapeutic progress to the international academic community, providing solid
      evidence-based medical support for global oncology clinical practice. We officially released the marketing
      clinical trial data for MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) at the American Society of Clinical Oncology
      (ASCO) Annual Meeting. Subsequently, we further disclosed Phase II clinical trial data for the MEIYOUHENG
      (Becotatug Vedotin Injection) combination immunotherapy regimen at the European Society for Medical
      Oncology (ESMO) Congress.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   139
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  7.2      Public Charity

           Lepu Biopharma actively fulfils its corporate social responsibility, incorporating giving back to society into its
           long-term development considerations. The Company consistently pays attention to the practical difficulties
           faced by vulnerable patient groups, working to substantially reduce their treatment-related economic burdens
           through upgraded charitable assistance initiatives. We have partnered with the Huaxia Charity Foundation to
           jointly launch the “Pu You Yu Sheng” (Protecting the Rest of Life) project, providing standardized medical
           assistance and support to eligible patients with solid tumours.


           In responding to sudden disaster events, the Company’s heart is with the affected areas, and we respond
           swiftly. In November 2025, a major Category 5 fire broke out at Hong Fu Court in Tai Po, Hong Kong,
           resulting in significant casualties. We express our deepest condolences to the compatriots who tragically
           lost their lives in this incident, extend our sincere sympathies to the affected families, and pay our highest
           respects to the frontline rescue personnel. To assist the affected families and residents in overcoming
           difficulties and returning to normal life as soon as possible, the Company donated HKD10 million to the Tai
           Po Hong Fu Court Assistance Fund.




                   Lepu Biopharma Donates to Support Hong Kong Hong Fu Court Fire Rescue Efforts




140     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPENDIX I: INDEX TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING
CODE


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                                Chapters

Environmental

                   General       Information on:                                                    Building on Ecological
                   Disclosure    (a)      the policies; and                                         Foundations, Fostering
                                 (b)      compliance with relevant laws and regulations that        Green Coexistence –
                                          have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air   Emissions Management
                                          and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water
                                          and land, and generation of hazardous and non-
                                          hazardous waste.
                   A1.1          The types of emissions and respective emissions data.              Building on Ecological
                                                                                                    Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                    Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                    Emissions Management
                   A1.3          Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where              Building on Ecological
                                 appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,        Foundations, Fostering
Aspect A1:
                                 per facility).                                                     Green Coexistence –
Emissions
                                                                                                    Emissions Management
                   A1.4          Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where          Building on Ecological
                                 appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,        Foundations, Fostering
                                 per facility).                                                     Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                    Emissions Management
                   A1.5          Description of emissions target(s) set, and steps taken to         Building on Ecological
                                 achieve them.                                                      Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                    Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                    Emissions Management
                   A1.6          Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes              Building on Ecological
                                 are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and      Foundations, Fostering
                                 steps taken to achieve them.                                       Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                    Emissions Management




                                                                             Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     141
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                                    Chapters

  Environmental

                       General        Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,       Building on Ecological
                       Disclosure     water and other raw materials.                                      Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                          Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management
                       A2.1           Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g.             Building on Ecological
                                      electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity      Foundations, Fostering
                                      (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).                 Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management
                       A2.2           Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of          Building on Ecological
                                      production volume, per facility).                                   Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                          Green Coexistence –
  Aspect A2:                                                                                              Resource Management
  Use of Resources     A2.3           Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps        Building on Ecological
                                      taken to achieve them.                                              Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                          Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management
                       A2.4           Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water         Building on Ecological
                                      that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps   Foundations, Fostering
                                      taken to achieve them.                                              Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management
                       A2.5           Total packaging material used for finished products (in             Building on Ecological
                                      tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit              Foundations, Fostering
                                      produced.                                                           Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management
                       General        Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on the      Building on Ecological
                       Disclosure     environment and natural resources.                                  Foundations, Fostering
  A3:
                                                                                                          Green Coexistence –
  Aspect A3:
                                                                                                          Resource Management
  The Environment
                       A3.1           Description of the significant impacts of activities on the         Building on Ecological
  and Natural
                                      environment and natural resources and the actions taken to          Foundations, Fostering
  Resources
                                      manage them.                                                        Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                          Resource Management




142     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                                 Chapters

Climate Change

(I) Governance   1.      An issuer shall disclose information about:
                 (a)     the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee
                         or equivalent body charged with governance) or individual(s)
                         responsible for oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
                         Specifically, the issuer shall identify that body(s) or individual(s) and
                         disclose information about:
                 (i)     how the body(s) or individual(s) determines whether appropriate             Building on Ecological
                         skills and competencies are available or will be developed to               Foundations, Fostering Green
                         oversee strategies designed to respond to climate-related risks and         Coexistence – Climate Change
                         opportunities;                                                              Response
                 (ii)    how and how often the body(s) or individual(s) is informed about            Building on Ecological
                         climate-related risks and opportunities;                                    Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                     Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                     Response
                 (iii)   how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account climate-related         Building on Ecological
                         risks and opportunities when overseeing the issuer’s strategy,              Foundations, Fostering Green
                         its decisions on major transactions, and its risk management                Coexistence – Climate Change
                         processes and related policies, including whether the body(s) or            Response
                         individual(s) has considered trade-offs associated with those risks
                         and opportunities;
                 (iv)    how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the setting of, and               Building on Ecological
                         monitors progress towards, targets related to climate-related risks         Foundations, Fostering Green
                         and opportunities, including whether and how related performance            Coexistence – Climate Change
                         metrics are included in remuneration policies; and                          Response
                                                                                                     Given that the impact of climate-
                                                                                                     related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                     does not constitute materiality,
                                                                                                     it has not been incorporated into
                                                                                                     the compensation policy
                 (b)     management’s role in the governance processes, controls and
                         procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee climate-related
                         risks and opportunities, including information about:
                 (i)     whether the role is delegated to a specific management-level                Building on Ecological
                         position or management-level committee and how oversight is                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                         exercised over that position or committee; and                              Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                     Response
                 (ii)    whether management uses controls and procedures to support the              Building on Ecological
                         oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities and, if so, how        Foundations, Fostering Green
                         these controls and procedures are integrated with other internal            Coexistence – Climate Change
                         functions.                                                                  Response




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.           143
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                            Chapters

  Climate Change

  (II) Strategy    Climate-related risks and opportunities
                   2.     An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding of
                          climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be
                          expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to finance or
                          cost of capital over the short, medium or long term. Specifically,
                          the issuer shall:
                   (a)    describe climate-related risks and opportunities that could             Building on Ecological
                          reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access    Foundations, Fostering Green
                          to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term;      Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   (b)    explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has identified,       Building on Ecological
                          whether the issuer considers the risk to be a climate-related           Foundations, Fostering Green
                          physical risk or climate-related transition risk;                       Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   (c)    specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity the issuer has   Building on Ecological
                          identified, over which time horizons – short, medium or long term       Foundations, Fostering Green
                          – the effects of each climate-related risk and opportunity could        Coexistence – Climate Change
                          reasonably be expected to occur; and                                    Response
                   (d)    explain how the issuer defines ‘short term’, ‘medium term’ and          Building on Ecological
                          ‘long term’ and how these definitions are linked to the planning        Foundations, Fostering Green
                          horizons used by the issuer for strategic decision-making.              Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   Business model and value chain
                   3.     An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding
                          of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and
                          opportunities on the issuer’s business model and value chain.
                          Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                   (a)    a description of the current and anticipated effects of climate-        Building on Ecological
                          related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model and      Foundations, Fostering Green
                          value chain; and                                                        Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   (b)    a description of where in the issuer’s business model and value         Building on Ecological
                          chain climate related risks and opportunities are concentrated (for     Foundations, Fostering Green
                          example, geographical areas, facilities and types of assets).           Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response




144   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                              Chapters

Climate Change

                 Strategy and decision-making
                 4.      An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding
                         of the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on its
                         strategy and decision-making. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                 (a)     information about how the issuer has responded to, and plans to
                         respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities in its strategy
                         and decision-making, including how the issuer plans to achieve
                         any climate-related targets it has set and any targets it is required
                         to meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose
                         information about:
                 (i)     current and anticipated changes to the issuer’s business model,          Building on Ecological
                         including its resource allocation, to address climate-related risks      Foundations, Fostering Green
                         and opportunities;                                                       Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                                                                                                  Building on Ecological
                                                                                                  Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                  Coexistence – Resource
                                                                                                  Management
                 (ii)    current and anticipated adaptation and mitigation efforts (whether       Building on Ecological
                         direct or indirect);                                                     Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                  Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                                                                                                  Building on Ecological
                                                                                                  Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                  Coexistence – Resource
                                                                                                  Management
                 (iii)   any climate-related transition plan the issuer has (including            The climate-related impacts
                         information about key assumptions used in developing its transition      are not considered material;
                         plan, and dependencies on which the issuer’s transition plan relies),    therefore, no transition plan is
                         or an appropriate negative statement where the issuer does not           currently in place
                         have a climate-related transition plan; and
                 (iv)    how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets              Building on Ecological
                         (including any greenhouse gas emissions targets (if any); and            Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                  Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                 (b)     information about how the issuer is resourcing, and plans to             Building on Ecological
                         resource, the activities disclosed in accordance with paragraph 4(a).    Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                  Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response




                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.          145
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                            Chapters

  Climate Change

                   5.      An issuer shall disclose information about the progress of plans       Building on Ecological
                           disclosed in previous reporting periods in accordance with             Foundations, Fostering Green
                           paragraph 4(a).                                                        Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   Financial position, financial performance and cash flows
                   Current financial effect
                   6.      An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information
                           about:
                   (a)     how climate-related risks and opportunities have affected its          Building on Ecological
                           financial position, financial performance and cash flows for the       Foundations, Fostering Green
                           reporting period; and                                                  Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                  Response
                   (b)     the climate-related risks and opportunities identified in paragraph    No relevant risks were identified
                           6(a) for which there is a significant risk of a material adjustment
                           within the next annual reporting period to the carrying amounts of
                           assets and liabilities reported in the related financial statements.
                   Financial position, financial performance and cash flows
                   Anticipated financial effect
                   7.      The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures
                           about:
                   (a)     how the issuer expects its financial position to change over the
                           short, medium and long term, given its strategy to manage
                           climate-related risks and opportunities, taking into consideration:
                   (i)     its investment and disposal plans; and                                 Climate-related risks and
                                                                                                  opportunities are not expected
                                                                                                  to have a material impact in the
                                                                                                  future; therefore, no related
                                                                                                  plans are currently in place
                   (ii)    its planned sources of funding to implement its strategy; and          Climate-related risks and
                                                                                                  opportunities are not expected
                                                                                                  to have a material impact in the
                                                                                                  future; therefore, no related
                                                                                                  plans are currently in place
                   (b)     how the issuer expects its financial performance and cash flows to     Climate-related risks and
                           change over the short, medium and long term, given its strategy to     opportunities are not expected
                           manage climate-related risks and opportunities.                        to have a material impact in the
                                                                                                  future; therefore, no related
                                                                                                  plans are currently in place




146   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

Climate Change

                 Climate resilience
                 8.      An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding
                         of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and business model to
                         climate-related changes, developments and uncertainties, taking
                         into consideration the issuer’s identified climate-related risks
                         and opportunities. An issuer shall use climate-related scenario
                         analysis to assess its climate resilience using an approach that
                         is commensurate with an issuer’s circumstances. In providing
                         quantitative information, the issuer may disclose a single amount
                         or a range. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                 (a)     the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the reporting
                         date, which shall enable an understanding of:
                 (i)     the implications, if any, of the issuer’s assessment for its strategy   Building on Ecological
                         and business model, including how the issuer would need to              Foundations, Fostering Green
                         respond to the effects identified in the climate-related scenario       Coexistence – Climate Change
                         analysis;                                                               Response
                 (ii)    the significant areas of uncertainty considered in the issuer’s         Building on Ecological
                         assessment of its climate resilience; and                               Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (iii)   the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its strategy and business     Building on Ecological
                         model to climate change over the short, medium or long term;            Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence -Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (b)     how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out, including:




                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     147
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

  Climate Change

                   (i)     information about the inputs used, including:                           Building on Ecological
                   (1)     which climate-related scenarios the issuer used for the analysis and    Foundations, Fostering Green
                           the sources of such scenarios;                                          Coexistence – Climate Change
                   (2)     whether the analysis included a diverse range of climate-related        Response
                           scenarios;
                   (3)     whether the climate-related scenarios used for the analysis are
                           associated with climate-related transition risks or climate-related
                           physical risks;
                   (4)     whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, a climate-related
                           scenario aligned with the latest international agreement on climate
                           change;
                   (5)     why the issuer decided that its chosen climate-related scenarios
                           are relevant to assessing its resilience to climate-related changes,
                           developments or uncertainties;
                   (6)     time horizons the issuer used in the analysis; and
                   (7)     what scope of operations the issuer used in the analysis (for
                           example, the operation, locations and business units used in the
                           analysis);
                   (ii)    the key assumptions the issuer made in the analysis; and                Building on Ecological
                                                                                                   Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                   Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (iii)   the reporting period in which the climate-related scenario analysis     Building on Ecological
                           was carried out.                                                        Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                   Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
  (III) Risk       9.      An issuer shall disclose information about:
  Management       (a)     the processes and related policies it uses to identify, assess,
                           prioritise and monitor climate-related risks, including information
                           about:
                   (i)     the inputs and parameters the issuer uses (for example, information     Building on Ecological
                           about data sources and the scope of operations covered in the           Foundations, Fostering Green
                           processes);                                                             Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (ii)    whether and how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis       Building on Ecological
                           to inform its identification of climate-related risks;                  Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                   Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (iii)   how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood and magnitude of         Building on Ecological
                           the effects of those risks (for example, whether the issuer considers   Foundations, Fostering Green
                           qualitative factors, quantitative thresholds or other criteria);        Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response

148    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

Climate Change

                 (iv)   whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-related risks relative    Building on Ecological
                        to other types of risks;                                                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (v)    how the issuer monitors climate-related risks; and                       Building on Ecological
                                                                                                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (vi)   whether and how the issuer has changed the processes it uses             No change to the process
                        compared with the previous reporting period;
                 (b)    the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess, prioritise and        Building on Ecological
                        monitor climate related opportunities (including information about       Foundations, Fostering Green
                        whether and how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis        Coexistence – Climate Change
                        to inform its identification of climate-related opportunities); and      Response
                 (c)    the extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying,             Building on Ecological
                        assessing, prioritising and monitoring climate-related risks and         Foundations, Fostering Green
                        opportunities are integrated into and inform the issuer’s overall risk   Coexistence – Climate Change
                        management process.                                                      Response
(IV) Metrics     Greenhouse gas emissions
and Targets      10.    An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions
                        generated during the reporting period, expressed as metric tons of
                        CO2 equivalent, classified as:
                 (a)    Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;                                        Building on Ecological
                                                                                                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (b)    Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and                                    Building on Ecological
                                                                                                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 (c)    Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.                                        Building on Ecological
                                                                                                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                 Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                 Response
                 11.    An issuer shall: (a) measure its greenhouse gas emissions in             Building on Ecological
                        accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate                 Foundations, Fostering Green
                        Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by a            Coexistence – Climate Change
                        jurisdictional authority or another exchange on which the issuer         Response
                        is listed to use a different method for measuring greenhouse gas
                        emissions;



                                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.      149
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

  Climate Change

                   (b)     disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas
                           emissions including:
                   (i)     the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions the issuer uses        Building on Ecological
                           to measure its greenhouse gas emissions;                                Foundations, Fostering Green
                                                                                                   Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (ii)    the reason why the issuer has chosen the measurement approach,          Building on Ecological
                           inputs and assumptions it uses to measure its greenhouse gas            Foundations, Fostering Green
                           emissions; and                                                          Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (iii)   any changes the issuer made to the measurement approach, inputs         Building on Ecological
                           and assumptions during the reporting period and the reasons for         Foundations, Fostering Green
                           those changes;                                                          Coexistence – Climate Change
                                                                                                   Response
                   (c)     for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with       Building on Ecological
                           paragraph 10(b), disclose its location-based Scope 2 greenhouse         Foundations, Fostering Green
                           gas emissions, and provide information about any contractual            Coexistence – Climate Change
                           instruments that is necessary to enable an understanding of the         Response
                           issuer’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
                   (d)     for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with       Building on Ecological
                           paragraph 10(c), disclose the categories included within the issuer’s   Foundations, Fostering Green
                           measure of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with         Coexistence – Climate Change
                           the Scope 3 categories described in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol         Response
                           Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting
                           Standard (2011).
                   Climate-related transition risks                                                Relevant transition risks have
                   12.     An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or         been identified and assessed. No
                           business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.     circumstances were identified
                                                                                                   that would have a material
                                                                                                   impact on assets or business
                                                                                                   activities. Consequently, no
                                                                                                   quantified disclosure was made
                                                                                                   during the reporting period. In
                                                                                                   the future, relevant assessment
                                                                                                   work will continue to be
                                                                                                   conducted in conjunction with
                                                                                                   climate change trends




150   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                            Chapters

Climate Change

                 Climate-related physical risks                                                 Relevant physical risks have
                 13.    An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or         been identified and assessed. No
                        business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.       circumstances were identified
                                                                                                that would have a material
                                                                                                impact on assets or business
                                                                                                activities. Consequently, no
                                                                                                quantified disclosure was made
                                                                                                during the reporting period. In
                                                                                                the future, relevant assessment
                                                                                                work will continue to be
                                                                                                conducted in conjunction with
                                                                                                climate change trends
                 Climate-related opportunities                                                  Given the Company’s current
                 14.    An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or         business model and stage of
                        business activities aligned with climate-related opportunities.         development, the impact of
                                                                                                climate-related opportunities on
                                                                                                assets or business activities has
                                                                                                not yet reached a quantifiable
                                                                                                scale; therefore, no monetary
                                                                                                amount was disclosed during
                                                                                                the reporting period. The
                                                                                                Company will continue to
                                                                                                monitor potential development
                                                                                                opportunities arising from low-
                                                                                                carbon transformation and will
                                                                                                progressively enhance relevant
                                                                                                assessments and disclosures
                 Capital deployment                                                             During the Reporting Period, the
                 15.    An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure,             Company had not undertaken
                        financing or investment deployed towards climate-related risks and      any specific capital expenditures
                        opportunities.                                                          or independent financing
                                                                                                arrangements regarding climate-
                                                                                                related risks and opportunities;
                                                                                                therefore, no related amounts
                                                                                                were disclosed. In the future, the
                                                                                                Company will gradually explore
                                                                                                relevant investment mechanisms
                                                                                                and disclosure mechanisms in
                                                                                                conjunction with the progress of
                                                                                                climate management initiatives




                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.         151
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

  Climate Change

                   Internal carbon prices
                   16.    An issuer shall disclose:
                   (a)    an explanation of whether and how the issuer is applying a carbon        The Company has not yet
                          price in decision making (for example, investment decisions,             established an internal carbon
                          transfer pricing, and scenario analysis); and                            pricing mechanism. In the future,
                   (b)    the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions the           the applicability of an internal
                          issuer uses to assess the costs of its greenhouse gas emissions;         carbon pricing mechanism will
                                                                                                   be assessed based on relevant
                                                                                                   national policies and industry
                                                                                                   development trends
                   Remuneration                                                                    Given that the impact of climate-
                   17.    An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related                 related risks and opportunities
                          considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or an              does not constitute materiality,
                          appropriate negative statement. This may form part of the                it has not yet been incorporated
                          disclosure under paragraph 1(a)(iv).                                     into the remuneration policy
                   Industry-based metrics                                                          Not Applicable
                   18.    An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-based metrics that
                          are associated with one or more particular business models,
                          activities or other common features that characterise participation
                          in an industry. In determining the industry-based metrics that the
                          issuer discloses, an issuer is encouraged to refer to and consider
                          the applicability of the industry based metrics associated with
                          disclosure topics described in the IFRS S2 Industry based Guidance
                          on implementing Climate-related Disclosures and other industry-
                          based disclosure requirements prescribed under other international
                          ESG reporting frameworks.
                   Climate-related targets
                   19.    An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative climate-
                          related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress towards
                          achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the issuer is
                          required to meet by law or regulation, including any greenhouse
                          gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer shall disclose:




152   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                             Chapters

Climate Change

                 (a)   the metric used to set the target;                                        The greenhouse gas emission
                 (b)   the objective of the target (for example, mitigation, adaptation or       targets currently established
                       conformance with science-based initiatives);                              by the Company are principle-
                                                                                                 based management objectives.
                 (c)   the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for example,
                                                                                                 They do not involve absolute
                       whether the target applies to the issuer in its entirety or only a part
                                                                                                 emission reductions or net-
                       of the issuer, such as a specific business unit or geographic region);
                                                                                                 zero commitments, nor were
                 (d)   the period over which the target applies;
                                                                                                 they formulated based on
                 (e)   the base period from which progress is measured;                          specific industry decarbonization
                 (f)   milestones or interim targets (if any);                                   pathway models. The

                 (g)   if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an absolute          relevant target system will

                       target or an intensity target; and                                        be progressively refined in
                                                                                                 subsequent stages, aligned
                 (h)   how the latest international agreement on climate change,
                                                                                                 with business development and
                       including jurisdictional commitments that arise from that
                                                                                                 climate management initiatives
                       agreement, has informed the target.
                 20.   An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting
                       and reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress against
                       each target, including:
                 (a)   whether the target and the methodology for setting the target has         The greenhouse gas emission
                       been validated by a third party;                                          targets currently established
                 (b)   the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;                          by the Company are principle-
                                                                                                 based management objectives.
                 (c)   the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the target;
                                                                                                 They do not involve absolute
                       and
                                                                                                 emission reductions or net-
                 (d)   any revisions to the target and an explanation for those revisions.
                                                                                                 zero commitments, nor were
                 21.   An issuer shall disclose information about its performance against        they formulated based on
                       each climate-related target and an analysis of trends or changes in       specific industry decarbonization
                       the issuer’s performance.                                                 pathway models. The Company
                                                                                                 will subsequently refine the
                                                                                                 relevant target system in
                                                                                                 conjunction with business
                                                                                                 development and climate
                                                                                                 management initiatives




                                                                              Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.         153
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                               Chapters

  Climate Change

                   22.     For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed in accordance
                           with paragraphs 19 to 21, an issuer shall disclose:
                   (a)     which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;                         The greenhouse gas emission
                   (b)     whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions              targets currently established
                           are covered by the target;                                                by the Company are principle-
                                                                                                     based management objectives.
                   (c)     whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions target or
                                                                                                     They do not involve absolute
                           a net greenhouse gas emissions target. If the issuer discloses a
                                                                                                     emission reductions or net-
                           net greenhouse gas emissions target, the issuer is also required to
                                                                                                     zero commitments, nor were
                           separately disclose its associated gross greenhouse gas emissions
                                                                                                     they formulated based on
                           target;
                                                                                                     specific industry decarbonization
                   (d)     whether the target was derived using a sectoral decarbonisation
                                                                                                     pathway models. The Company
                           approach; and
                                                                                                     will subsequently refine the
                                                                                                     relevant target system in
                                                                                                     conjunction with business
                                                                                                     development and climate
                                                                                                     management initiatives
                   (e)     the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset greenhouse
                           gas emissions to achieve any net greenhouse gas emissions target.
                           In explaining its planned use of carbon credits, the issuer shall
                           disclose:
                   (i)     the extent to which, and how, achieving any net greenhouse gas            The Company has not currently
                           emissions target relies on the use of carbon credits;                     established a net greenhouse gas
                   (ii)    which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify the carbon credits;    emission reduction target, nor
                                                                                                     are there arrangements related
                   (iii)   the type of carbon credit, including whether the underlying offset
                                                                                                     to achieving emission reduction
                           will be nature-based or based on technological carbon removals,
                                                                                                     targets through carbon credit
                           and whether the underlying offset is achieved through carbon
                                                                                                     offsets. Consequently, no work
                           reduction or removal; and
                                                                                                     regarding the use, certification,
                   (iv)    any other factors necessary to enable an understanding of the
                                                                                                     or type management of carbon
                           credibility and integrity of the carbon credits the issuer plans to use
                                                                                                     credits has been conducted.
                           (for example, assumptions regarding the permanence of the carbon
                                                                                                     The Company will continue to
                           offset).
                                                                                                     monitor relevant mechanisms
                                                                                                     in light of the development of
                                                                                                     climate management objectives
                   Applicability of cross-industry metrics and industry-based metrics                Not Applicable
                   23.     In preparing disclosures to meet the requirements in paragraphs
                           3 to 8 and 19 to 20, an issuer shall refer to and consider the
                           applicability of (i) cross-industry metrics (see paragraphs 10 to 17)
                           and (ii) industry-based metrics (see paragraph 18).




154   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                              Chapters

Social

                   General       Information on:                                                  Building Talent,
                   Disclosure    (a)     the policies; and                                        Strengthening Foundations,
                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that       and Moving Forward
                                         have a significant impact on the issuer relating         Together: Compliance
                                         to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and           employment
                                         promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
                                         opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                                         benefits and welfare.
Aspect B1:         B1.1          Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example,         Building Talent,
Employment                       full- or part-time), age group and geographical region.          Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                  and Moving Forward
                                                                                                  Together: Compliance
                                                                                                  employment
                   B1.2          Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                  Building Talent,
                                 geographical region.                                             Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                  and Moving Forward
                                                                                                  Together: Compliance
                                                                                                  employment
                   General       Information on:                                                  Building Talent,
                   Disclosure    (a)     the policies; and                                        Strengthening Foundations,
                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that       and Moving Forward
                                         have a significant impact on the issuer relating to      Together: Occupational
                                         providing a safe working environment and protecting      Health and Safety
                                         employees from occupational hazards.
                   B2.1          Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each      Building Talent,
                                 of the past three years including the reporting year.            Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                  and Moving Forward
Aspect B2:                                                                                        Together: Occupational
Health and                                                                                        Health and Safety
Safety             B2.2          Lost days due to work injury.                                    Building Talent,
                                                                                                  Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                  and Moving Forward
                                                                                                  Together: Occupational
                                                                                                  Health and Safety
                   B2.3          Description of occupational health and safety measures           Building Talent,
                                 adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.             Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                  and Moving Forward
                                                                                                  Together: Occupational
                                                                                                  Health and Safety




                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     155
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                                  Chapters

  Social

                       General        Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for         Building Talent,
                       Disclosure     discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.   Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                        and Moving Forward
                                                                                                        Together: Talent
                                                                                                        Development
                       B3.1           The percentage of employees trained by gender and                 Building Talent,
  Aspect B3:                          employee category (e.g. senior management, middle                 Strengthening Foundations,
  Development and                     management).                                                      and Moving Forward
  Training                                                                                              Together: Talent
                                                                                                        Development
                       B3.2           The average training hours completed per employee by              Building Talent,
                                      gender and employee category.                                     Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                        and Moving Forward
                                                                                                        Together: Talent
                                                                                                        Development
                       General        Information on:                                                   Building Talent,
                       Disclosure     (a)     the policies; and                                         Strengthening Foundations,
                                      (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that        and Moving Forward
                                              have a significant impact on the issuer relating to       Together: Compliance
                                              preventing child and forced labour.                       employment
                       B4.1           Description of measures to review employment practices to         Building Talent,
  B4:                                 avoid child and forced labor.                                     Strengthening Foundations,
  Aspect B4: Labor                                                                                      and Moving Forward
  Standards                                                                                             Together: Compliance
                                                                                                        employment
                       B4.2           Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when       Building Talent,
                                      discovered.                                                       Strengthening Foundations,
                                                                                                        and Moving Forward
                                                                                                        Together: Compliance
                                                                                                        employment




156     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                               Chapters

Social

                   General       Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the        Synergy for Creation,
                   Disclosure    supply chain.                                                     Sustainable Future through
                                                                                                   Supply Chain – Supply
                                                                                                   Chain Management
                   B5.1          Number of suppliers by geographical region.                       Synergy for Creation,
                                                                                                   Sustainable Future through
                                                                                                   Supply Chain – Supply
                                                                                                   Chain Management
                   B5.2          Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number   Synergy for Creation,
                                 of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and       Sustainable Future through
                                 how they are implemented and monitored.                           Supply Chain – Supply
Aspect B5:
                                                                                                   Chain Management
Supply Chain
Management         B5.3          Description of practices used to identify environmental           Synergy for Creation,
                                 and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are         Sustainable Future through
                                 implemented and monitored.                                        Supply Chain – Supply
                                                                                                   Chain Management
                                                                                                   Synergy for Creation,
                                                                                                   Sustainable Future through
                                                                                                   Supply Chain – Sustainable
                                                                                                   Supply Chain
                   B5.4          Description of practices used to promote environmentally          Synergy for Creation,
                                 preferable products and services when selecting suppliers,        Sustainable Future through
                                 and how they are implemented and monitored.                       Supply Chain – Sustainable
                                                                                                   Supply Chain




                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.         157
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                              Chapters

  Social

                     General        Information on:                                                 Quality and Efficiency in
                     Disclosure     (a)     the policies; and                                       Tandem, Steady Progress for
                                    (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that      Enduring Success: Quality
                                            have a significant impact on the issuer relating to     Management
                                            health and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy
                                            matters relating to products and services provided
                                            and methods of redress.
                     B6.1           Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to         Quality and Efficiency in
                                    recalls for safety and health reasons.                          Tandem, Steady Progress for
                                                                                                    Enduring Success: Quality
                                                                                                    Management
                     B6.2           Number of products and service-related complaints received      Quality and Efficiency in
  Aspect B6:                        and how they are dealt with.                                    Tandem, Steady Progress for
  Product                                                                                           Enduring Success: Quality
  Responsibility                                                                                    Management
                     B6.3           Description of practices relating to observing and protecting   Quality and Efficiency in
                                    intellectual property rights.                                   Tandem, Steady Progress for
                                                                                                    Enduring Success: Quality
                                                                                                    Management
                     B6.4           Description of quality assurance process and recall             Quality and Efficiency in
                                    procedures.                                                     Tandem, Steady Progress for
                                                                                                    Enduring Success: Quality
                                                                                                    Management
                     B6.5           Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies,   Quality and Efficiency in
                                    and how they are implemented and monitored.                     Tandem, Steady Progress for
                                                                                                    Enduring Success: Quality
                                                                                                    Management




158   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                              Chapters

Social

                   General       Information on:                                                  Steady Progress,
                   Disclosure    (a)     the policies; and                                        Governance as the
                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that       Foundation: Compliance
                                         have a significant impact on the issuer relating to      and Responsible Operations
                                         bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
                   B7.1          Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices      Steady Progress,
                                 brought against the issuer or its employees during the           Governance as the
                                 Reporting Period and the outcomes of the cases.                  Foundation: Compliance
Aspect B7:
                                                                                                  and Responsible Operations
Anti-corruption
                   B7.2          Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing            Steady Progress,
                                 procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.          Governance as the
                                                                                                  Foundation: Compliance
                                                                                                  and Responsible Operations
                   B7.3          Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors    Steady Progress,
                                 and staff.                                                       Governance as the
                                                                                                  Foundation: Compliance
                                                                                                  and Responsible Operations
                   General       Policies on community engagement to understand the               Compassionate Care for the
                   Disclosure    needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to        World, Benefiting Millions –
                                 ensure its activities take into consideration the communities’   Universal Healthcare
                                 interests.                                                       Building on Ecological
                                                                                                  Foundations, Fostering
                                                                                                  Green Coexistence –
                                                                                                  Environmental Management
                   B8.1          Focus areas of contribution                                      Compassionate Care for the
Aspect B8:                                                                                        World, Benefiting Millions –
Community                                                                                         Universal Healthcare
Investment                                                                                        Compassionate Care for the
                                                                                                  World, Benefiting Millions –
                                                                                                  Public Charity
                   B8.2          Resources contributed to the focus area.                         Compassionate Care for the
                                                                                                  World, Benefiting Millions –
                                                                                                  Universal Healthcare
                                                                                                  Compassionate Care for the
                                                                                                  World, Benefiting Millions –
                                                                                                  Public Charity




                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.      159
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

  To the shareholders of Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.
 (incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


  OPINION
  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
  subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 167 to 251, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
  position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
  income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
  then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
  of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
  for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
  Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirement of Hong
  Kong Companies Ordinance.


  BASIS FOR OPINION
  We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by the
  International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
  further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section
  of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
  Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial
  statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
  Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
  opinion.


  KEY AUDIT MATTERS
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
  the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
  audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
  provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
  the matter is provided in that context.


  We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
 financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
  the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
  the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
  address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
  statements.




160   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s goodwill             In response to this key audit matter, we have
amounted to approximately RMB52,636,000 arisen           performed the following procedures:
from the acquisition of a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Shanghai Miracogen Inc., and management has              •     We obtained an understanding of management’s
performed an annual impairment assessment on the               key control on goodwill impairment test;
goodwill.
                                                         •     We assessed the competence, capabilities and
To assess the impairment, the goodwill has been                objectivity of the independent valuer;
allocated to the relevant cash generating unit (“CGU”)
at the acquisition date and management has engaged       •     We evaluated management’s identification
an independent valuer to assist them to assess the             of CGUs and allocation of goodwill based
recoverable amounts of the CGU. The recoverable                on the Group’s accounting policy and our
amounts of the CGU were determined by management               understanding of the Group’s business;
based on value in use (“VIU”).
                                                         •     We involved our internal valuation specialists
We focused on this matter due to the significance              to assist us in evaluating the appropriateness
of goodwill and significant judgement and estimates            of the valuation model and the key valuation
which were involved in determining the recoverable             parameters such as the discount rate and the
amounts. As a result, we identified the impairment             terminal growth rate applied by benchmarking
assessment of goodwill as key audit matter.                    market data and comparable companies;


Relevant disclosures are included in Notes 4.3 and 17    •     We evaluated the reasonableness of the key
to the consolidated financial statements.                      assumptions as adopted by management in
                                                               the discounted cash flow model by reference
                                                               to internal operation information and external
                                                               industry data;


                                                         •     We tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                               calculations of the discounted cash flow and the
                                                               recoverable amounts of the CGUs;


                                                         •     We evaluated the sensitivity analysis prepared
                                                               by management around the key assumptions
                                                               and estimates applicable to the CGUs to assess
                                                               the potential impact of a range of possible
                                                               outcomes; and


                                                         •     We assessed the adequacy of related disclosures
                                                               in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    161
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


  KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Fair value measurement of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) – variable
      consideration payable for transaction with the then non-controlling interests

      As at 31 December 2025, the financial liabilities at       In response to this key audit matter, we have
      FVTPL in relation to the variable consideration payable    performed the following procedures:
      arisen from acquiring 40% share of interests of
      Taizhou Hanzhong Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Taizhou         •     We obtained an understanding of management’s
      Hanzhong”) from the then non-controlling interests in            key control on fair value measurement of variable
      2019, amounted to approximately RMB281,335,000.                  consideration payable;


      Management has engaged an independent valuer to            •     We assessed the competence, capabilities and
      assist them for performing the fair value valuation of           objectivity of the independent valuer;
      the variable consideration payable as at 31 December
      2025. The fair value of the variable consideration         •     We involved our internal valuation specialists
      payable was determined by using discounted cash flow             to assist us in evaluating the appropriateness
      method.                                                          of the valuation model and the key valuation
                                                                       parameters such as the discount rate;
      We focused on this matter due to the significance
      of balance as at 31 December 2025 and significant          •     We evaluated the reasonableness of the key
      management judgements and estimates which were                   assumptions as adopted by management in the
      involved in determining the fair values of the financial         future revenue forecast by reference to internal
      instruments. As a result, we identified the fair value           operation information and external industry
      measurement of financial liabilities at FVTPL – variable         data;
      consideration payable for transaction with the then
      non-controlling interests as key audit matter.             •     We tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                       calculations of the discounted cash flow; and
      Relevant disclosures are included in Notes 3.3(b), 4.5,
      10 and 34 to the consolidated financial statements.        •     We assessed the adequacy of related disclosures
                                                                       in the consolidated financial statements.




162     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Cut-off of research and development expenditures

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group            In response to this key audit matter, we have
incurred expenditures on research and development         performed the following procedures:
(“R&D”) activities of approximately RMB488,261,000,
out of which, approximately RMB400,708,000 were           •     We obtained an understanding of management’s
recognised as R&D expenses in the consolidated                  key controls over the R&D expenditures process.
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income for the year ended 31 December 2025 and            •     We inquired management about the reasons
approximately RMB87,553,000 were capitalised as                 for periodical fluctuations in R&D expenditures
intangible assets in the consolidated statement of              and assessed the reasonableness of those
financial position during the year.                             fluctuations based on our understanding of the
                                                                progress of the major R&D projects during the
A material portion of the R&D expenditures is the               year ended 31 December 2025.
service fees paid to contract research organisations
(“CROs”) and clinical site management operators           •     For the service fees paid/payable to the
(“SMOs”) (collectively referred to as “Outsourced               Outsourced Service Providers, we, on a sample
Service Providers”). The R&D activities with these              basis, reviewed the key terms set out in the
Outsourced Service Providers are documented in                  agreements with the Outsourced Service
agreements and are typically performed over an                  Providers, evaluated the completion status
extended period. These expenditures are recognized              of the R&D projects with reference to the
based on the progress of the R&D projects.                      progress reported by the project managers
                                                                which were based on inputs such as number of
We focused on this matter due to the significance               patient enrolments, time elapsed and milestone
of R&D expenditures and significant management                  achieved, and inspected the supporting
judgement and estimates which were involved in                  documents and obtained confirmations from
determining the completeness and allocation of these            the Outsourced Service Providers, to determine
expenditures to the appropriate reporting periods               whether the service fees were properly recorded
based on the progress of the R&D projects. As a result,         in the appropriate financial reporting periods.
we identified the cut-off of research and development
expenditures as key audit matter.                         •     We evaluated the adequacy of the R&D
                                                                expenditures by comparing the subsequent
Relevant disclosures are included in Note 4.1, 8, 17(b)         milestone billings and payments with the
and 43.7(c) to the consolidated financial statements.           accrued R&D expenditures to determine
                                                                whether the R&D expenditures were recorded in
                                                                the appropriate financial reporting periods.


                                                          •     We assessed the adequacy of related disclosures
                                                                in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   163
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


  OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
  information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
  report thereon.


  Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
  any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


  In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
  information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
  based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
  we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


  RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
  give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
  requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
  necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
  whether due to fraud or error.


  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
  Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
  the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or
  to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


  The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
  overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




164   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
       to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
       that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
       misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
       forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
       the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
       and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
       that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
       that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
       disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
       opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
       However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
       events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
       information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
       consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
       work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   165
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


  AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
  audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
  our audit.


  We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
  regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
  be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
  applied.


  From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
  significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
  key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
  disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
  be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
  outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Wong Man Kit (practising
  certificate number: [P04453]).




  Ernst & Young
 Certified Public Accountants


  Hong Kong
  25 March 2026




166   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
          AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                          Notes             2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000
Revenue                                                                     6             934,869           367,794
Cost of sales                                                               8             (89,591)          (74,824)
Gross profit                                                                              845,278           292,970
Other income                                                                7               7,196             8,499
Other expenses                                                                               (375)              (69)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                           (240,332)         (145,951)
Administrative expenses                                                                  (114,129)          (91,943)
Research and development expenses                                                        (400,708)         (437,697)
Fair value changes on financial instruments at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                         10             (31,249)             5,077
Other gains/(losses), net                                                  11             219,449            (21,651)
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                   285,130          (390,765)

Finance income                                                                              12,328             5,996
Finance costs                                                                              (29,309)          (22,985)
Finance costs, net                                                         12              (16,981)          (16,989)
Share of loss of investments accounted for using the equity method         18               (7,513)          (16,439)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                           260,636          (424,193)

Income tax expense                                                         13               (1,750)                   –
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                258,886          (424,193)
Profit/(loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                   261,364          (411,376)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                (2,478)          (12,817)
                                                                                          258,886          (424,193)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
   Currency translation differences                                                            423                76
   Share of other comprehensive income of associate                                              –               901
   Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
   Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value through
      other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                                  5,921                    –
   Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associate                                  (1,652)                   –
Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                         263,578          (423,216)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                   266,056          (410,399)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                (2,478)          (12,817)
                                                                                          263,578          (423,216)
Earnings/(losses) per share attributable to owners of the
  Company for the year (expressed in RMB per share)
  – Basic earnings/(loss) per share                                        14                 0.15             (0.24)
  – Diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                      14                 0.15             (0.24)



                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       167
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

  31 December 2025


                                                              31 December     31 December
                                                      Notes          2025           2024
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000

  Assets
  Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                        15         927,130         930,106
  Right-of-use assets                                  16         100,285         120,932
  Intangible assets                                    17         501,070         435,250
  Investments accounted for using the equity method    18             669         114,073
  Financial assets at FVTOCI                           22         396,677               –
  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits          21          31,562          34,816
  Total non-current assets                                       1,957,393      1,635,177
  Current assets
  Inventories                                          19          51,827          22,787
  Trade receivables                                    20          66,883          45,821
  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits          21          64,825         111,986
  Financial assets at FVTPL                            22         105,726          63,628
  Cash and cash equivalents                            23         853,030         401,286
  Total current assets                                           1,142,291        645,508
  Total assets                                                   3,099,684      2,280,685

  Equity
  Equity attributable to owners of the Company
  Share capital                                        25        1,804,440      1,710,615
  Reserves                                             26        2,086,213      1,757,172
  Accumulated losses                                            (2,504,349)    (2,764,962)
                                                                 1,386,304        702,825
  Non-controlling interests                                        (23,500)       (21,022)
  Total equity                                                   1,362,804        681,803




168   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                                  31 December        31 December
                                                        Notes              2025               2024
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                               30             275,551           255,940
Lease liabilities                                        31                     –           11,455
Deferred government grants                               32              17,660             18,020
Deferred tax liabilities                                 33              37,687             37,687
Financial liabilities at FVTPL                           34             243,923           232,267
Total non-current liabilities                                           574,821           555,369
Current liabilities
Borrowings                                               30             756,320           538,411
Trade payables                                           28             183,827           236,135
Other payables and accruals                              29             195,292           233,684
Lease liabilities                                        31              26,206             34,378
Contract liabilities                                                         414               905
Total current liabilities                                             1,162,059          1,043,513
Total liabilities                                                     1,736,880          1,598,882

Total equity and liabilities                                          3,099,684          2,280,685




              Executive Director: Dr. Pu Zhongjie     Executive Director: Dr. Sui Ziye




                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    169
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

  Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                        Non-
                                                          Share                   Accumulated     controlling
                                       Notes             capital      Reserves          losses      interests       Total
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

  At 1 January 2024                                   1,659,445      1,591,046      (2,353,586)       (8,205)    888,700


  Comprehensive loss
  Loss for the year                                           –              –       (411,376)       (12,817)    (424,193)
  Other comprehensive loss                                    –            977                –            –         977


  Issuance of shares                     25              51,170        157,821                –            –     208,991
  Share-based payments                   27                   –          4,402                –            –        4,402
  Share of reserves of associates                             –          2,926                –            –        2,926
  At 31 December 2024                                 1,710,615      1,757,172      (2,764,962)      (21,022)    681,803

  At 1 January 2025                                   1,710,615      1,757,172      (2,764,962)      (21,022)    681,803


  Comprehensive Income
  Profit/(loss) for the year                                  –              –        261,364         (2,478)    258,886
  Other comprehensive income                                  –          4,692                –            –        4,692
  Issuance of shares                                     93,825        326,523                –            –     420,348
  Share of reserves of an associate                           –            779                –            –         779
  Impact of loss of significant
      influence over an associate                             –         (2,953)           (751)            –       (3,704)
  At 31 December 2025                                 1,804,440      2,086,213      (2,504,349)      (23,500)   1,362,804




170     Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                  Notes              2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash used in operations                                            35              (16,002)        (201,061)
Interest received                                                                    5,277             4,667
Income tax paid                                                                     (1,504)                   –
Net cash used in operating activities                                              (12,229)        (196,394)
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                         (45,411)          (32,917)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              3,990                    –
Payments for financial assets at FVTPL                                             (35,000)                   –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                35,055                     –
Payments for intangible assets                                                     (73,767)          (28,831)
Refund of deposits for land use rights                                             10,113                     –
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                      (105,020)           (61,748)
Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for transactions with non-controlling interests                           (48,138)          (44,436)
Proceeds from issuance of shares                                   25             428,865           213,379
Payments for share issuance costs                                                   (8,517)           (4,388)
New bank borrowings                                                               795,450           584,405
Repayments of bank borrowings                                                    (557,983)         (484,389)
Payments of lease liabilities
  – Principal                                                                      (19,627)           (4,240)
  – Interest                                                                          (753)           (1,207)
Bank loan interest paid                                                            (27,355)          (27,040)
Net cash generated from financing activities                                      561,942           232,084
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              444,693            (26,058)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                401,286           426,015
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                        7,051             1,329
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                          853,030           401,286




                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       171
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS
  1.      GENERAL INFORMATION
          Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was established in Shanghai, the People’s Republic of China
          (the “PRC”) on 19 January 2018 as a limited liability company. Upon approval by the shareholders’ general
          meeting held on 10 December 2020, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited
          liability under the Company Law of the PRC.


          The Company, together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”), are principally
          focused on the discovery, development and commercialisation of drugs for cancer – targeted therapy and
          immunotherapy globally.


          The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the
          nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


  2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          2.1    Basis of preparation

                 (a)    Compliance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the
                        Hong Kong Companies Ordinance

                        The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
                        IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                        Ordinance Cap. 622.


                        IFRS Accounting Standards comprise the following authoritative literature:


                        •       IFRS Accounting Standards
                        •       International Accounting Standards
                        •       Interpretations developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee or its predecessor
                                body, the Standing Interpretations Committee


                        For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has incurred net profits of approximately
                        RMB258.9 million, while net cash used in operating activities was approximately RMB12.2
                        million. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately
                        RMB853.0 million and net current liabilities of approximately RMB19.8 million. Historically, the
                        Group has relied principally on non-operational sources of financing from investors and banks
                        as well as cash generated from sales activities to fund its operations and business development.
                        The Group’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on management’s ability to
                        successfully execute its business plan. The directors of the Company believes that the cash and
                        cash equivalents, unutilised bank facilities and cash generated from operating activities are
                        sufficient to meet the cash requirements to fund planned operations and other commitments
                        for at least the next twelve months from 31 December 2025. The Group therefore continues
                        to prepare consolidated financial statement on a going concern basis.




172    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

           (b)   Historical cost convention

                  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for financial
                  assets and liabilities at FVTPL or FVTOCI, which are measured at fair value.


     2.2   Changes in accounting policies

           The Group has adopted amendments to IAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for
           the current year’s financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or
           amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.


           Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into
           another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when
           exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users
           of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the
           currencies that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries and
           associates for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments
           did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.


           In addition, the Amendments to Illustrative Examples on IFRS 7, IFRS 18, IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 36 and
           IAS 37 Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial Statements, added illustrative examples in
           the corresponding IFRS Accounting Standards. These examples reflect existing requirements in the
           corresponding IFRS Accounting Standards to report the effects of uncertainties in the financial
           statements using climate-related examples. Therefore, the amendments do not have an effective date
           or transitional provisions. The Group has assessed and concluded that the amendments did not have
           any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   173
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
          2.3    Issued but not yet effective IFRS accounting standards

          The Group has not applied the following new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards, that have been
          issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and
          amended IFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


          •      IFRS 18-Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
          •      IFRS 19 and its amendments-Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
          •      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7-Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                 Instruments 1
          •      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
          •      Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28-Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                 Associate or Joint Venture 3
          •      Amendments to IAS 21 – Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
          •      Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11-Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS7, IFRS
                 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 71

          1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
          2
                 Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
          3
                 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption



          Further information about those IFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group
          is described below.


          IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections have been brought
          forward from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
          statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income
          and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing,
          financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also
          requires disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces
          enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information
          in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in IAS 1 are
          moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8
          Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements . As a consequence of the issuance of IFRS 18, limited, but widely
          applicable, amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings per Share and IAS 34
          Interim Financial Reporting . In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting
          Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards are effective
          for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective
          application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of
          IFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.


          Except for IFRS 18, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of these new and revised
          IFRSs will have no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and financial position in the
          foreseeable future.




174    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     3.1   Financial risk factors

           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
           The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
           and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on addressing the Group’s financial position.


           (a)    Market risk

                  (i)      Foreign exchange risk

                           Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognised assets
                           and liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the Group entities’ functional
                           currency.


                           The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by performing regular reviews of the
                           Group’s net foreign exchange exposures. The Group did not hedge against any
                           fluctuation in foreign currency during the reporting period. The Group’s subsidiaries in
                           the PRC are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from recognised financial assets
                           and liabilities denominated in United States dollars (“USD”).


                           As at 31 December 2025, if the USD had strengthened/weakened by 5% against the
                           RMB,with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the year
                           would have been approximately RMB75,000 higher/lower (2024: the loss before income
                           tax would have been approximately RMB57,000 lower/higher), mainly as a result
                           of foreign exchange gain or loss on translation of USD-denominated cash and cash
                           equivalents.


                  (ii)     Interest rate risk

                           The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable
                           rates, which exposes the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Management assesses
                           a 10 basis points increase or decrease as reasonably possible change in interest
                           rates. If interest rates had been 10 basis points higher, with all other variables held
                           constant, the Group’s profit before income tax for (through the impact on floating rate
                           borrowings) the year ended 31 December 2025 would have decreased by approximately
                           RMB375,000 (2024: RMB343,000).




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    175
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

                 (b)    Credit risk

                        (i)     Risk management

                                Credit risk is managed on a group basis.


                                The Group is exposed to credit risk primarily in relation to its cash and cash equivalents,
                                trade receivables, as well as other receivables and deposits. The carrying amount of
                                each class of the above financial assets represents the Group’s maximum exposure to
                                credit risk in relation to the corresponding class of financial assets.


                                To manage credit risk, cash and cash equivalents are mainly placed with state-owned or
                                reputable financial institutions in Chinese mainland and reputable financial institutions
                                outside Chinese mainland. There has been no recent history of default in relation to
                                these financial institutions. Thus, the directors of the Company are of the view that the
                                credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents is insignificant.


                        (ii)    Impairment of financial assets

                                While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of
                                IFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.


                                The Group only has the following types of financial assets that are subject to the
                                expected loss model:


                                •      Trade receivables


                                •      Other receivables and deposits


                                Trade receivables


                                The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses,
                                which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                                To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on
                                shared credit risk characteristics of business segments and the days past due.


                                The expected loss rate is assessed based on the historical loss experience of each
                                business segment, combined with the credit ratings of trade receivables counterparties
                                and the non-performing loan rate of commercial banks in their respective industries.
                                Moreover, adjustments have been made to account for the impact of macroeconomic
                                changes on the historical loss rates of each counterparty’s industry, in order to reflect
                                current and forward-looking information about macroeconomic factors that affect
                                customers’ ability to settle trade receivables.



176    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           (b)   Credit risk (continued)

                 (ii)     Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                          Trade receivables (continued)


                          On that basis, the loss allowances for trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and
                          2024 were determined as follows:


                          As at 31 December 2024

                          Expected loss rate                                                                        0.9%
                          Gross carrying amount-trade receivables (RMB’000)                                        46,232
                          Loss allowance (RMB’000)                                                                    411

                          As at 31 December 2025
                          Expected loss rate                                                                        1.1%
                          Gross carrying amount-trade receivables (RMB’000)                                        67,646
                          Loss allowance (RMB’000)                                                                    763


                          The loss allowances for trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 reconcile
                          to the opening loss allowances as follows:


                                                                                                                    Trade
                                                                                                               receivables
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                          Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2024                                                 212
                          Increase in the allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                      199
                          Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2024                                               411

                          Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2025                                                 411
                          Increase in the allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                      352
                          Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2025                                               763




                                                                             Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     177
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

                 (b)    Credit risk (continued)

                        (ii)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                                Other receivables and deposits


                                The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of other
                                receivables and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an
                                ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant
                                increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default on other receivables
                                as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition.
                                It considers available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information, with
                                particular attention to the following indicators:


                                •      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                                       conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtors’ ability
                                       to meet its obligations;


                                •      actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtors;


                                •      significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same
                                       debtors; or


                                •      significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtors,
                                       including changes in the payment status of debtors, etc.


                                For the other receivables and deposits, management applies the 3-stage model to assess
                                the expected credit loss. Management makes periodic collective assessments as well
                                as individual assessments of the recoverability of other receivables based on historical
                                settlement records and past experience.


                                In view of the history of cooperation with the debtors and collection from them,
                                the management of the Group believes that the credit risk inherent in the Group’s
                                outstanding other receivables is not significant. The expected credit loss rate of other
                                receivables as at 31 December 2025 was approximately 1.74% (31 December 2024:
                                0.43%).




178    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           (b)   Credit risk (continued)

                 (ii)     Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                          Other receivables and deposits


                          The loss allowance for other receivables and deposits as at 31 December 2025 and
                          2024 reconciled to the opening loss allowance as follows:


                                                                                                        Other receivables
                                                                                                             and deposits
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                          Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2024                                                480
                          Decrease in the allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                     (420)
                          Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2024                                                   60

                          Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2025                                                     60
                          Decrease in the allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                           4
                          Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2025                                                   64




                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        179
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

                 (c)    Liquidity risk

                        The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its operating capital
                        requirements.


                        The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
                        on the remaining period from the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The
                        amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                      Less than    Between 1     Between 2          Over
                                                         1 year   and 2 years   and 5 years       5 years          Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

                        At 31 December 2025
                        Borrowings                     775,213       283,338              –             –      1,058,551
                        Trade payables                 183,827              –             –             –       183,827
                        Other payables and accruals
                           (excluding non-financial
                           liabilities)                149,254              –             –             –       149,254
                        Lease liabilities               26,416              –             –             –        26,416
                        Total                         1,134,710      283,338              –             –      1,418,048

                        At 31 December 2024
                        Borrowings                     555,747       142,865        122,614             –       821,226
                        Trade payables                 236,135              –             –             –       236,135
                        Other payables and accruals
                           (excluding non-financial
                           liabilities)                183,942              –             –             –       183,942
                        Lease liabilities               35,106        11,690              –             –        46,796
                        Total                         1,010,930      154,555        122,614             –      1,288,099


                        Variable consideration payable as described in Note 34 was recognised as financial liabilities at
                        FVTPL which are managed on a fair value basis and no contractual maturity date is applicable.




180    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Capital management

           The Group monitors capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing the capital
           structure. The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability
           to continue as a going concern in order to deliver returns to shareholders and benefits to other
           stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


           In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or sell assets to
           reduce debt.


           The Group monitors its capital structure using the liability-to-asset ratio, which is calculated as total
           liabilities divided by total assets. The liability-to-asset ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and
           2024 was as follows:


                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025              2024

           The liability-to-asset ratio                                                    56%               70%


           There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the reporting periods.


           Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    181
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          3.3    Fair value estimation

                 This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the
                 financial instruments that are recognised and measured at fair value in the consolidated financial
                 statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value,
                 the Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting
                 standards.


                 Level 1:   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
                            derivatives and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the
                            reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is
                            the current bid price. These instruments are classified as Level 1.


                 Level 2:   The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                            over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the
                            use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all
                            significant inputs required to determine the fair value of an instrument are observable, the
                            instrument is classified as Level 2.


                 Level 3:   If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                            instrument is classified as Level 3. This applies to unlisted equity securities and variable
                            consideration payable arising from the acquisition.

                 Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                 •       the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments, and


                 •       discounted cash flow analysis for other financial instruments.


                 The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value as at
                 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                     Level 1        Level 2        Level 3         Total
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                 At 31 December 2025
                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 22)                         –              –      105,726        105,726
                 Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 22)                        –              –      396,677        396,677
                 Total                                                       –              –      502,403        502,403
                 Financial liabilities
                 Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 34)                    –              –      281,335        281,335




182    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value as at
           31 December 2025 and 2024: (continued)


                                                           Level 1         Level 2          Level 3          Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 31 December 2024
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 22)                  –                  –         63,628         63,628

           Financial liabilities
           Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 34)             –                  –       263,112        263,112


           There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the
           years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.


           (a)    Financial assets at fair value in Level 3

                  The following table presents the changes in Level 3 items for the years ended 31 December
                  2025 and 2024:


                                                                                   Unlisted equity
                                                              Unlisted equity          investment
                                                                     investment        designated       Structured
                                                                       at FVTPL         at FVTOCI         deposits
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

                  Opening balance as at 1 January 2024                   63,628                 –                   –
                  Net unrealised gains for the year                           –                 –                   –
                  Closing balance as at 31 December 2024                 63,628                 –                   –

                  Additions                                              42,596           390,756           35,000
                  Net unrealised gains for the year                         57              5,921               55
                  Settlements                                                 –                 –           (35,055)
                  Exchange realignment                                     (555)                –                   –
                  Balance as at 31 December 2025                        105,726           396,677                   –




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       183
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)

                 (b)    Financial liabilities at FVTPL in Level 3

                        Financial liabilities at FVTPL represent the variable consideration payable arising from the
                        acquisition of 40% equity interests in Taizhou Hanzhong Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Taizhou
                        Hanzhong”) from the then non-controlling interests.


                        As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the variable consideration payable
                        arising from the acquisition of 40% equity interests in Taizhou Hanzhong from the then
                        non-controlling interests was determined by the management of the Company with reference
                        to valuation reports issued by an independent qualified valuer. Key assumptions of valuation
                        are as follows:


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024

                        Expected revenue growth rate during the forecast
                           period                                                   39% to -1%            45% to -1%
                        Expected revenue growth rate beyond the forecast
                           period                                                            -1%                   -2%
                        Expected success rate of commercialisation                  0% to 100%          25% to 100%
                        Discount rate                                                      14.5%                14.5%


                        The changes in and valuations of the variable consideration payable arising from the acquisition
                        of 40% equity interests in Taizhou Hanzhong from the then non-controlling interests for the
                        years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are presented in Note 34.


  4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
          The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will
          seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s
          accounting policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical
          experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the
          entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


          4.1    Development expenditures

                 Development expenditures incurred on the Group’s development activities, including conducting
                 clinical studies and other activities related to regulatory filings for the Group’s drug candidates, are
                 capitalised as intangible assets only when they meet the capitalisation criteria set out in Note 17(b).
                 Development expenditures that do not meet these capitalisation criteria are recognised as research
                 and development expenses.




184    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     4.2   Accrual of research and development costs

           The Group engages contract research organizations (“CROs”) and contract manufacturing
           organizations (“CMOs”) (collectively referred as “Outsourced Service Providers”) to conduct,
           supervise, and monitor the Group’s ongoing clinical trials, or to develop manufacturing processes
           to support the Group’s own manufacturing capacities. Determining the amounts of research and
           development costs incurred up to the end of each reporting period requires the management of the
           Group to estimate and measure the progress of receiving research and development services under
           the contracts with Outsourced Service Providers using inputs such as number of patient enrolments,
           time elapsed and milestone achieved when the Group has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified
           of the actual costs.


     4.3   Impairment of goodwill

           The Group tests whether goodwill has suffered any impairment at the balance sheet date. The
           recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit (“CGU”) is determined based on value-in-use
           calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations are developed from cash flow
           forecasts based on financial budgets approved by management covering the forecast period.


           Cash flows beyond the forecast period are extrapolated using the growth rates estimated by
           management by reference to certain internal and external market data. Details of key assumptions are
           disclosed in Note 17(c).


     4.4   Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a non-financial
           asset is required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and other non-current assets), the
           asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
           or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less
           costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based
           on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets
           or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use
           calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the
           asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
           value of those cash flows.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   185
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
          4.5    Fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL

                 The Group has recognised the variable consideration payable arising from the acquisition of 40%
                 interests in Taizhou Hanzhong from the then non-controlling interests as at 31 December 2025 and
                 2024 as financial liabilities at FVTPL as set out in Note 34.


                 The Group evaluates the fair value of the variable consideration payable periodically using the
                 discounted cash flow method, where key assumptions are adopted to determine the fair value of the
                 variable consideration payable. Further details are disclosed in Note 3.3(b).


                 Management’s estimates are reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. Should any of the
                 estimates and assumptions changed, it may lead to a change in the fair value to be recognised in
                 profit or loss.


          4.6    Fair value of financial assets at fair value

                 The Group has recognised the unlisted equity as at 2025 and 2024 as financial assets at FVTPL or
                 FVTOCI as set out in Note 22.


                 The Group evaluates the fair value of unlisted equity periodically using quoted market prices or dealer
                 quotes for similar instruments, where key assumptions are adopted to determine the fair value of the
                 unlisted equity securities. Further details are disclosed in Note 3.3(a).


          4.7    Current and deferred income taxes

                 The Group encounters numerous transactions and events for which the ultimate tax determination is
                 uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Significant judgment is required from the Group in
                 determining the provision for income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
                 from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and
                 deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.


                 The Group recognises deferred income tax assets based on estimates that it is probable to generate
                 sufficient taxable profits in the foreseeable future against which the deductible losses will be
                 utilised. The recognition of deferred income tax assets mainly involves management’s judgments and
                 estimations about the timing and the amount of taxable profits of the companies that had tax losses.




186    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     4.8    Estimated useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

            The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values for its property,
            plant and equipment, and reviews the useful lives and residual values periodically to ensure that the
            method and rates of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of realisation of economic
            benefits from property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the management’s experience
            of the actual practice of a similar nature and function and normal terms in the PRC. In addition,
            management assesses impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
            carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable. Management
            will adjust the depreciation charge where useful lives are estimated to change compared with previous
            estimates. Any change in these estimates may have a material impact on the results of the Group.


     4.9    Estimated useful lives of intangible assets

            The intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis by taking into account the residual
            value. The Group reviews the estimated useful lives periodically to determine the related amortization
            charges for its intangible assets. The estimation is based on the historical experience of the actual
            useful lives of intangible assets of similar nature and functions, with consideration of market
            conditions. Management will increase the amortisation charges when useful lives become shorter than
            previously estimated.


5.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief
     operating decision maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
     performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Group.


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has been principally engaged in the sale of
     pharmaceutical products and research and development of new drugs. Management reviews the operating
     results of the business as one operating segment to make decisions about the allocation of resources.
     Therefore, the CODM of the Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to make
     strategic decisions.


     The major operating entity of the Group is domiciled in Chinese mainland. Accordingly, the Group’s results
     were primarily derived in Chinese mainland during the reporting period, and its non-current assets were also
     primarily located in Chinese mainland.




                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   187
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.      REVENUE
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

          Revenue recognised at a point in time
            – Sale of pharmaceutical products                                         501,021              300,333
            – Licensing related income                                                424,249               21,964
                                                                                      925,270              322,297
          Revenue recognised over time
            – CDMO services                                                              9,599              45,497
          Total                                                                       934,869              367,794


          Information about the geographical markets of the Group’s revenue is presented based on the locations of
          the customers.


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

          Geographical markets
            – Chinese mainland                                                        571,080              345,830
            – Overseas                                                                363,789               21,964
          Total                                                                       934,869              367,794


          For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue of approximately RMB307,186,000 was derived from
          Customer A, RMB167,433,000 from Customer B, RMB141,570,000 from Customer C and RMB102,882,000
          from Customer D. Other than the aforementioned customer, the revenue derived from each of the remaining
          external customers was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue.


          The corresponding revenue of these customers for the prior year is not disclosed as the amount attributable
          to each customer did not individually account for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the relevant
          periods.




188    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   REVENUE (CONTINUED)
     (a)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition

           (i)    Sale of goods

                  The Group produces and sells pharmaceutical products to customers. The Group transports
                  the products to the agreed location in accordance with the sales contract, and the sales are
                  recognised after the customer has accepted the products and both parties have signed the
                  goods delivery notes. The Group adopts advance collection or a credit term of 7 days, 10 days
                  or 30 days with its customers, and the transaction price does not have a significant financing
                  component.


           (ii)   Licensing income

                  The Group generates revenue from licensing of intellectual property (“IP”) to customers. As
                  the customers are able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from,
                  the licence at the time control of the licence is transferred to the licensee, the licences that
                  provide a right to use an entity’s IP are performance obligations satisfied at a point in time.
                  Revenue is recognised when or as control of the licences is transferred to the licensee.


                  The Group recognises revenue for a sales-based or usage-based royalty promised in exchange
                  for a licence of IP only when (or as) the later of the following events occurs:


                  •      the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and


                  •      the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based
                         royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).




                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   189
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.      REVENUE (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)

                 (iii)   Revenue from CDMO services

                         The CDMO services are integrated services including project management, drug manufacturing,
                         development, optimisation, trial production, and other relevant services. The duration of
                         the contracts ranges from months to year. The contracts contain multiple deliverable units,
                         which are generally in the form of technical laboratory reports, samples and/or products
                         for manufacturing, and each deliverable unit has an individual selling price specified within
                         the contract. The Group has assessed whether each deliverable is distinct to determine the
                         performance obligation within the contract. Any deliverable in the contract is identified
                         as a performance obligation if the deliverable is distinct. If the deliverables are highly
                         interdependent or highly interrelated, those deliverables are not separately identifiable, and are
                         combined into a single performance obligation.


                         The Group satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue over time, if one of the
                         following criteria is met:


                         •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                                Group’s performance as the Group performs;


                         •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as
                                the asset is created or enhanced; or


                         •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group
                                and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
                                date.


                         If none of the above criteria is met, the Group recognises revenue at the point in time when
                         the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.


                         If control of the service transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
                         contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance
                         obligation using output method. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at the point in time when
                         the customer obtains control of the service.


                         The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations, all of which pertain
                         to CDMO services, amounted to RMB3,858,000 and is expected to be recognized as revenue
                         over the next five years.




190    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2025                       2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000
     Government grants (a)                                                                                 5,556                      7,577
     Others                                                                                                1,640                        922
     Total                                                                                                 7,196                      8,499


     (a)     Government grants

             The Group recognised government grants of RMB5,556,000 in profit or loss for the year (2024:
             RMB7,577,000). This amount included RMB5,196,000 (2024: RMB7,397,000) in income-related
             grants, which were systematically recognised in the periods when the associated costs were incurred,
             as there were no unfulfilled conditions attached. The remaining RMB360,000 (2024: RMB180,000)
             related to grants for qualifying assets, which are deferred and amortised on a straight-line basis over
             the assets’ remaining useful lives following the commissioning of the related assets.

8.   PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        Notes                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
     Cost of sales                                                                                            89,591                 74,824
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        15                  48,559                 51,997
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  16                  14,109                 17,864
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                              17                  31,058                 30,318
     Research and development costs (excluding depreciation,
       amortisation and employee benefit expense)                                                           267,539                274,524
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
       liabilities                                                                        16                      827                   616
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                     2,642                 2,650
     Employee benefit expense:
       Wages, salaries and welfare                                                                          193,155                158,012
       Share-based payment expenses                                                                               –                  4,402
       Pension scheme contributions*                                                                         21,606                 18,399
       Other social security costs, housing benefits and other
          employee benefits                                                                                   27,251                 31,067
     Less: amount capitalised                                                                                (17,698)                (3,129)
     Foreign exchange difference, net                                                     12                  (7,051)                (1,329)
     Bank interest income                                                                 12                  (5,277)                (4,667)

     *       There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.                 191
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  9.      FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year included one (2024: two)
          directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 39. The emoluments payable to the
          remaining four (2024: three) individuals during the year are as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

          Wages and salaries                                                              7,221               4,264
          Bonuses                                                                         3,190                707
          Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                       235                 141
          Other social security costs, housing benefits and other
            employee benefits                                                              299                 165
          Share-based payment expenses                                                        –               3,444
          Total                                                                          10,945               8,721


          The remaining highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                2024

          Emolument bands (in HK$)
          HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                        2                  1
          HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                        1                  1
          HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                        –                   –
          HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                        1                  1
          Total                                                                               4                  3


          No share options have been granted during the current year.


  10.     FAIR VALUE CHANGES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                        112                    –
          Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 34)                                      (31,361)              5,077
          Total                                                                         (31,249)              5,077




192    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

      Net gains on reclassification of investment in an associate using
        equity method to FVTOCI (Note 18)                                               289,442                         –
      Net gains on disposal of right-of-use assets                                              –                   11
      Net gains/(losses) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        913                   (18)
      Expected credit losses                                                                (356)                  221
      Donation                                                                           (70,394)              (19,852)
      Others                                                                                (156)               (2,013)
      Total                                                                             219,449                (21,651)


12.   FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS, NET
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

      Bank interest income                                                                 5,277                 4,667
      Net exchange gain                                                                    7,051                 1,329
      Finance income                                                                      12,328                 5,996

      Interest on bank borrowings                                                        (27,408)              (27,076)
      Interest on lease liabilities (Note 16)                                               (753)               (1,207)
      Bank charges and others                                                             (1,148)               (1,335)
                                                                                         (29,309)              (29,618)
      Less: Amount capitalised                                                                  –                6,633
      Finance costs                                                                      (29,309)              (22,985)
      Finance costs, net                                                                 (16,981)              (16,989)




                                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       193
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  13.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

         Current income tax expense                                                        1,750                   –
         Deferred income tax expense                                                           –                   –
         Income tax expense                                                                1,750                   –


         The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:


         Chinese mainland


         Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and the respective regulators, the entities which
         operate in Chinese mainland are subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25% on the taxable income
         except for those entities which were subject to tax concession set out below.


         The Company was qualified as a High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) under the relevant PRC laws
         and regulations in 2025. Accordingly, it was entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% on
         its taxable income. The qualification as a HNTE is subject to renew by tax authority in the PRC every three
         years.


         Shanghai Miracogen Inc. (“Shanghai Miracogen”) renewed its qualification as a HNTE under the relevant
         PRC laws and regulations in 2023. Accordingly, it was entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of
         15% on its taxable income for a three-year period since 2023.


         Lepu (Beijing) Biopharma Co., Ltd. (“Lepu Beijing”) renewed its qualification as a HNTE under the relevant
         PRC laws and regulations in 2024. Accordingly, it was entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of
         15% on its taxable income for a three-year period since 2024.


         CtM Bio Co., Ltd. (“CtM Bio”) was qualified as a HNTE under the relevant PRC laws and regulations on
         12 December 2023. Accordingly, it was entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% on its
         taxable income for a three-year period since 2023.


         United States of America


         The subsidiary incorporated in Texas, the United States of America was subject to statutory United States
         federal corporate income tax at a rate of 21%.


         The Company’s other subsidiaries established and operated in Chinese mainland are subject to the PRC
         corporate income tax at the rate of 25%.




194   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
      A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable corporate income tax rate and profit/
      (loss) before income tax, with the actual corporate income tax is as follows:


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                   260,636              (424,193)
      Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rates of 25%                      65,159             (106,048)
      Tax effects of:
            Impact of applying preferential tax rate                                     (25,089)               15,655
            Super deduction for research and development expenses                        (14,216)              (41,184)
            Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                       1,092                11,490
            Impact on fair value changes of FVTPL                                          4,690                (1,269)
            Impact on investments accounted for using equity method                        1,131                 4,195
            Utilization of deductible tax losses not recognized as deferred
              tax assets in prior years                                                  (46,162)                       –
            Deductible temporary differences not recognised as deferred
              tax assets                                                                  12,101                14,200
            Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                               3,044              102,961
      Income tax expense                                                                   1,750                        –


      (i)       Accounting for super deduction for research and development expenses

                Pursuant to Caishui [2023] circular No.7 in 2023, the Company and certain subsidiaries enjoy a super
                deduction of 200% (2024: 200%) on qualifying research and development expenditures for the year
                ended 31 December 2025.


                As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB3,356,765,000 (31
                December 2024: RMB3,451,853,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. No
                deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such tax losses due to the unpredictability of
                future taxable income.


                The unused tax losses of the Group were mainly from the entities incorporated in Chinese mainland,
                where the accumulated tax losses normally expire within 5 years. Pursuant to the relevant regulations
                on the extension of expiry periods for unused tax losses of HNTE and Small and Medium-sized
                Technological Enterprises issued in August 2018, the accumulated tax losses which did not expire
                from 2018 will have expiries extending from 5 years to 10 years.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       195
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  14.    EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
         (a)    Basic earnings/(loss) per share

                Basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing:


                •       the earnings/(loss) attributable to the owners of the Company.


                •       by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                2024

                Earnings/(loss) for the year attributable to owners of the
                    Company (in RMB’000)                                                 261,364           (411,376)
                Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                    (in thousands)                                                   1,755,085            1,690,482
                Basic earnings/(loss) per share (in RMB)                                    0.15               (0.24)


         (b)    Diluted earnings/(loss) per share

                Diluted earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary
                shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential shares into ordinary shares. For the
                years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Company had no dilutive potential shares. Accordingly,
                diluted earnings/(loss) per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is the same as the
                basic earnings/(loss) per share for the respective years.




196   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                  Freehold
                                                                                             and leasehold
                                                                                             improvements,
                                                                      Office                 together with
                                      Buildings     Equipment     equipment                       antibody
                                           and            and           and       Motor        purification   Construction-
                                      facilities   instruments     furniture     vehicles             resin     in-progress        Total
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024
      Cost                              45,551        328,091        36,341          951           106,029         628,147     1,145,110
      Accumulated depreciation           (1,442)       (78,918)      (18,734)       (738)          (97,089)               –     (196,921)
      Net book value                    44,109        249,173        17,607          213             8,940         628,147      948,189

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Opening net book value            44,109        249,173        17,607          213             8,940         628,147      948,189
      Additions                               –          2,390        5,286             –            4,139          23,600       35,415
      Transfer upon completion         614,682           4,132        1,806             –            8,746        (629,366)            –
      Disposals                               –            (18)            –            –                –                –          (18)
      Depreciation charge               (10,562)       (31,080)       (4,375)         (92)          (7,371)               –      (53,480)
      Closing net book value           648,229        224,597        20,324          121            14,454          22,381      930,106

      At 31 December 2024
      Cost                             660,233        334,253        43,433          951           118,914          22,381     1,180,165
      Accumulated depreciation          (12,004)      (109,656)      (23,109)       (830)         (104,460)               –     (250,059)
      Net book value                   648,229        224,597        20,324          121            14,454          22,381      930,106

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening net book value           648,229        224,597        20,324          121            14,454          22,381      930,106
      Additions                         52,961            696         1,251          282             1,756             753       57,699
      Transfer upon completion                –          2,546             –            –                –           (2,546)           –
      Disposals                               –         (3,077)            –            –                –                –       (3,077)
      Depreciation charge              (19,895)        (29,630)       (4,427)        (54)           (3,592)               –      (57,598)
      Closing net book value           681,295        195,132        17,148          349            12,618          20,588      927,130

      At 31 December 2025
      Cost                             713,194        334,419        44,684        1,233           120,670          20,588     1,234,788
      Accumulated depreciation         (31,899)       (139,287)     (27,536)        (884)         (108,052)               –    (307,658)
      Net book value                   681,295        195,132        17,148          349            12,618          20,588      927,130




                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.                197
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  15.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
         (a)    As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment located in Shanghai
                (“Shanghai Biological Park”) with carrying amount of approximately RMB681,290,000 (31
                December 2024: RMB648,299,000) had been pledged to the bank as security in RMB for the bank
                borrowings of RMB200,137,000 (31 December 2024: RMB260,261,000) (Note 30).


         (b)    For the year ended 31 December 2025, depreciation charge for property, plant and equipment of
                approximately RMB9,039,000 (2024: RMB1,483,000) was capitalised into product development costs.


         (c)    The addition to construction in progress for the year ended 31 December 2025 included the finance
                costs capitalised amounting to nil (2024: RMB6,633,000) (Note 12).


         (d)    Depreciation methods and useful lives

                Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs or revalued amounts,
                net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements
                and certain leased plant and equipment, the shorter lease term as follows:


                － Buildings and facilities                 35 years
                － Equipment and instruments                5-20 years
                － Office equipment and furniture           3-5 years
                － Motor vehicles                           4-10 years
                － Leasehold improvements                   Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life
                － Antibody purification resin              3-5 years

                See note 43.6 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.




198   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                               Land use           Leased
                                                 rights       properties              Total
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024
      Cost                                      128,817           55,198           184,015
      Accumulated depreciation                  (29,846)          (15,113)          (44,959)
      Net book value                             98,971           40,085           139,056

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Opening net book value                     98,971           40,085           139,056
      Additions                                       –             3,385             3,385
      Disposals                                       –              (756)             (756)
      Depreciation charge                        (6,444)          (14,309)          (20,753)
      Closing net book value                     92,527           28,405           120,932

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
      Cost                                      128,817           57,262           186,079
      Accumulated depreciation                  (36,290)          (28,857)          (65,147)
      Net book value                             92,527           28,405           120,932

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening net book value                     92,527           28,405           120,932
      Depreciation charge                        (6,444)          (14,203)          (20,647)
      Closing net book value                     86,083           14,202           100,285

      At 31 December 2025
      Cost                                      128,817           57,262           186,079
      Accumulated depreciation                  (42,734)          (43,060)          (85,794)
      Net book value                             86,083           14,202           100,285




                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    199
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  16.    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
         Depreciation charges have been expensed in the profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

         Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
           – Land use rights (a)                                                          6,444               4,588
           – Leased properties (b)                                                        7,665           13,276
                                                                                         14,109           17,864

         Interest costs included in finance costs (Note 12)                                753                1,207
         Expenses relating to short-term leases (included in research and
           development expenses and administrative expenses)                               643                 546
         Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets (included in
           research and development expenses and administrative
           expenses)                                                                       184                  70


         (a)    As at 31 December 2025, land use rights with carrying amounts of approximately RMB46,708,000 (31
                December 2024: RMB50,421,000) were pledged to the bank as security for the bank borrowings of
                RMB200,137,000 (31 December 2024: RMB260,261,000) (Note 30).


         (b)    For the year ended 31 December 2025, depreciation charge of leased properties amounting to
                approximately RMB6,538,000 (2024: RMB1,033,000) was capitalised into capitalised product
                development costs.


         (c)    For the year ended 31 December 2025, no depreciation charge of land use rights was capitalised into
                construction-in-progress (2024: RMB1,856,000).


         (d)    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total cash outflow for leases was approximately
                RMB20,380,000 (2024: RMB6,063,000).




200   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                     Capitalised
                                        product
                                    development               Intellectual
                                           costs   Goodwill   properties      Software           Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024
      Cost                               11,654      52,636      520,908          1,543       586,741
      Accumulated amortisation                –           –      (152,375)         (145)     (152,520)
      Net book value                     11,654      52,636      368,533          1,398       434,221

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Opening net book value             11,654      52,636      368,533          1,398       434,221
      Additions                          20,673           –        10,674             –        31,347
      Amortisation charge                     –           –       (30,164)         (154)       (30,318)
      Closing net book value             32,327      52,636      349,043          1,244       435,250

      At 31 December 2024 and
        1 January 2025
      Cost                               32,327      52,636      531,582          1,543       618,088
      Accumulated amortisation                –           –      (182,539)         (299)     (182,838)
      Net book value                     32,327      52,636      349,043          1,244       435,250

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening net book value             32,327      52,636      349,043          1,244       435,250
      Additions                          87,553           –         9,325             –        96,878
      Amortisation charge                     –           –       (30,904)         (154)      (31,058)
      Closing net book value            119,880      52,636      327,464          1,090       501,070

      At 31 December 2025
      Cost                              119,880      52,636      540,907          1,543       714,966
      Accumulated amortisation                –           –     (213,443)          (453)     (213,896)
      Net book value                    119,880      52,636      327,464          1,090       501,070




                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.     201
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  17.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
         (a)    Amortisation methods and periods

                The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over
                the following periods:


                － Intellectual properties                   11 to 23 years
                － Software                                  10 years

         (b)    Capitalised product development costs

                The Group incurs significant costs and efforts on research and development activities. Research
                expenditures, mainly including clinical study related expenses, pre-clinical study costs, depreciation
                and amortisation, employee benefit expenses and raw materials and consumables used in research
                activities, are charged to profit or loss as an expense in the period the expenditure is incurred.
                Development costs are recognised as assets if they are directly attributable to a newly developed
                product and all the following are demonstrated:


                •      it is technically feasible to complete the development project so that it will be available for use;


                •      management intends to complete the development project and use or sell the product;


                •      there is an ability to use or sell the product;


                •      it can be demonstrated how the development project will generate probable future economic
                       benefits;


                •      adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development project and to
                       use or sell the product are available, and


                •      the expenditure attributable to the asset during its development can be reliably measured.


                The Group generally considers that the capitalisation criteria for internally generated intangible assets
                are met when obtaining marketing approval from the regulatory authority.


                The costs of an internally generated intangible asset are the sum of the expenditure incurred from
                the date the recognition criteria above are met to the date when the asset is available for use. The
                capitalised costs in connection with the intangible asset include cost of materials and services used or
                consumed, employee costs incurred in the creation of the asset and an appropriate portion of relevant
                overheads.


                Capitalised development costs are amortised using the straight-line method over the life of the related
                product. Amortisation begins when the intangible asset is available for its intended use.


                Development expenditures not satisfying the above criteria are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




202   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
      (b)   Capitalised product development costs (Continued)

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group capitalised product development costs of
            RMB87,553,000 (2024: RMB20,673,000) for the PD-1 and the antibody drug conjugate (“ADC”)
            which has satisfied the criteria for capitalisation.


            The management has involved an independent qualified valuer to perform an impairment assessment
            of the capitalized product development costs and intellectual properties related to the PD-1 pipeline,
            to to determine their “value-in-use” (as defined by management as the recoverable amount) for the
            CGU as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, using the discounted cash flow model.


            The management of the Company measured the recoverable amounts of the capitalised product
            development costs and concluded that no provision for impairment has to be recognised as at 31
            December 2025 (2024: nil).


      (c)   Impairment assessment for goodwill

            Goodwill of approximately RMB52,636,000 resulted from the acquisition of Shanghai Miracogen from
            a third party during 2018, which is principally engaged in the provision of research and development
            focusing on ADC related pipelines.


            The management has involved an independent qualified valuer to perform goodwill impairment
            assessment to assess the “value-in-use” of the CGU as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 by using the
            discounted cash flow model.


            These calculations use pre-tax cash flow forecast based on financial budgets prepared by management
            with forecast period longer than 5 years. The management considers that the length of the forecast
            period is appropriate because it generally takes longer for a biopharma company to reach a perpetual
            growth mode, compared to companies in other industries, especially when ADC related products are
            still under clinical study and the market of such products is at an early stage of development with
            substantial growth potential. Hence, the management believes that a forecast period for the CGU of
            Shanghai Miracogen, which is longer than five years, is feasible and consistent with industry practice.
            Key assumptions are disclosed as below:


                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                  2024

            The first commercialisation year of ADC related pipelines                     2025                  2026
            Expected revenue growth rate during the forecast period
              from second year of commercialisation                             214% to 12%           150% to 14%
            Expected revenue growth rate beyond the forecast period                11% to 0%              8% to 0%
            Expected market penetration rate                                       0% to 26%             0% to 26%
            Expected success rate of commercialisation                          15% to 100%            15% to 60%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                       15.4%                 14.6%




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    203
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  17.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
         (c)    Impairment assessment for goodwill (Continued)

                Management has determined the values assigned to certain key assumptions as follows:


                Assumption                              Approach used to determine values

                Revenue growth rate                     Revenue growth rate covering the forecast period was
                                                        estimated based on management’s expectations of market
                                                        development and industry data from industry research
                                                        report issued by a third-party consultation company
                Market penetration rate                 Based on the expected selling conditions, considering the
                                                        features of marketing and technological development
                Success rate of commercialisation       By reference to the practices of biopharmaceutical
                                                        industries, development of technology and related
                                                        regulations from administrations
                Pre-tax discount rate                   Reflect specific risks relating to the operation of the
                                                        business in the PRC

                The management believes that any reasonable possible change in any of the key assumptions would
                not cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.


                The management of the Company concluded that no provision for impairment on the goodwill has to
                be recognised as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: nil).


  18.    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

         At the beginning of the year                                               114,073              126,685
         Share of loss on investments                                                 (7,513)             (16,439)
         Share of other comprehensive income                                          (1,652)                  901
         Share of other reserves                                                           779                2,926
         Transfer from equity method to FVTOCI (a)                                 (105,018)                      –
         At the end of the year                                                            669           114,073




204   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (CONTINUED)
      (a)   The Company no longer had significant influence over Binhui Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan
            Binhui”) during the year ended 31 December 2025, given the Company ceased to have a director
            representative appointed on the board of Wuhan Binhui as a result of Wuhan Binhui’s election of
            directors for its new session of the board. Upon the change of significant influence over Wuhan
            Binhui, the Group measured and recognised the investment in Wuhan Binhui at its fair value and
            irrevocably designated the investment in Wuhan Binhui at FVTOCI as the Group considered the
            investment to be strategic in nature (note 22). The difference between the carrying amount of Wuhan
            Binhui upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment is recognised in
            profit or loss and recorded in other gains/(losses), net (note 11).


            Set out below are the associates of the Group as at 31 December 2025. The entities listed below have
            share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, which are held directly by the Group. The country of
            incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business, and the proportion of ownership
            interest is the same as the proportion of voting rights held.


                             Place of business/
                             country of            % of ownership        Nature of       Measurement Principal
            Name of entity   incorporation             interest          relationship    method          activities

                                                     2025         2024

                                                                                                         Technological
                                                                                                           development of
            KYM              The United States       30%          30%    Associate       Equity method     biotechnology


            The associates of the Group have been accounted for using the equity method based on the financial
            information of the associates prepared under the accounting policies consistent with the Group.


            All associates are engaged in the biotechnology industry and are at an early stage of development or
            pre-clinical. Management periodically reviewed their business performance, including development
            progress of pipelines, the plan of business as well as subsequent financing, and no impairment
            indicator was noted as at 31 December 2025, respectively.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        205
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  19.    INVENTORIES
                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

         Raw materials                                                                    17,514                19,614
         Finished goods                                                                     2,963                2,678
         Working in progress                                                              31,350                      495
         Total                                                                            51,827                22,787


  20.    TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

         Trade receivables                                                                67,646                46,232
         Less: Loss allowance                                                                (763)                   (411)
         Total                                                                            66,883                45,821


         The Group allows a credit period within 30 days to its customers. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the
         ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of loss allowance) based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

         0 to 30 days                                                                     66,868                44,007
         Over 30 days                                                                          15                1,814
         Total                                                                            66,883                45,821




206   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20.   TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
      (a)      Classification as trade receivables

               Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
               ordinary course of business. They are generally due for settlement within 30 days and are therefore
               classified as current. Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that
               is unconditional, unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised
               at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual
               cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
               method.


               Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided
               in Note 3.1.


21.   OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                     As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

      Value added tax recoverable                                                      32,705                42,093
      Deposits                                                                          3,430                13,761
      Prepayments for:
        – property, plant and equipment                                                24,087                26,020
        – clinical study related expenses                                              35,974                63,889
      Prepayments for listing expenses                                                       –                1,047
      Others                                                                              255                    52
                                                                                       96,451              146,862
      Less: Loss allowance for other receivables and deposits                              (64)                 (60)
                                                                                       96,387              146,802
      Less: Non-current portion (a)                                                   (31,562)              (34,816)
      Current portion                                                                  64,825              111,986




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    207
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  21.    OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)
         (a)     The non-current portion of other receivables, prepayments and deposits includes prepayments to
                 suppliers for property, plant and equipment, value-added tax recoverable that can not be utilised in
                 the coming 12 months, and deposits are as follows:


                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Non-current assets
                 Value added tax recoverable                                             4,817               6,060
                 Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                          24,087              26,020
                 Deposits                                                                2,658               2,736
                 Total                                                                  31,562              34,816


  22.    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE
                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

         Unlisted equity investment at FVTPL                                          105,726               63,628
         Unlisted equity investment designated at FVTOCI (note 18)                    396,677                     –
         Total                                                                        502,403               63,628


  23.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

         Cash at bank                                                                 853,030              401,286


         Cash and cash equivalents which are denominated in the following currencies are as follows:


                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

         RMB                                                                          848,250              399,083
         USD                                                                             4,235               1,523
         HKD                                                                               545                 680
         Total                                                                        853,030              401,286




208   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)
      The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under the Chinese mainland’s Foreign
      Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
      Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
      conduct foreign exchange business.


      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits
      are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash
      requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. The bank
      balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


24.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The Group holds the following financial instruments:


                                                                                     As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

      Financial assets
      Financial assets at amortised cost
        – Other receivables, prepayments and deposits excluding
              non-financial assets                                                      3,621                13,752
        – Trade receivables                                                            66,883                45,821
        – Cash and cash equivalents                                                  853,030               401,286
      Financial assets at fair value
        – Unlisted equity investment at FVTPL                                        105,726                 63,628
        – Unlisted equity investment designated at FVTOCI                            396,677                         –
      Total                                                                         1,425,937              524,487

      Financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
        – Borrowings                                                                1,031,871              794,351
        – Trade payables                                                             183,827               236,135
        – Other payables and accruals excluding non-financial liabilities            111,842               153,097
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                 281,335               263,112
      Total                                                                         1,608,875            1,446,695




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       209
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  25.    SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                 Number of       Nominal value
                                                                                     shares            of shares
                                                                                                       RMB’000

         Authorised, issued and fully paid
         At 1 January 2024                                                    1,659,444,838           1,659,445
         Issuance of shares                                                      51,170,000              51,170
         At 31 December 2024                                                  1,710,614,838           1,710,615
         Issuance of shares                                                      93,825,000              93,825
         At 31 December 2025                                                  1,804,439,838           1,804,440


         On 24 May 2024, the Company completed a placing of 51,170,000 H Shares with a par value of RMB1.00
         each at the price of HK$4.58 per H Share (the “Placing”). The gross proceeds from the Placing amounted to
         approximately HK$234 million (equivalent to RMB213,379,000), of which, RMB51,170,000 were credited to
         the Company’s share capital and the remaining proceeds deducting the share issue costs of RMB4,388,000
         were credited to the share premium.


         On 11 July 2025, the Company completed a placing of 93,825,000 H Shares with a par value of RMB1.00
         each at the price of HK$5.02 per H Share (the “Placing”). The gross proceeds from the Placing amounted to
         approximately HK$471 million (equivalent to RMB428,865,000), of which, RMB93,825,000 were credited to
         the Company’s share capital and the remaining proceeds deducting the share issue costs of RMB326,523,000
         were credited to the share premium.




210   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26.   RESERVES
                                                                            Share-based
                                                Share           Capital         payment           Other
                                             premium           reserves         reserves        reserves           Total
                                             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

      Balance at 1 January 2024              2,419,845         (401,514)         167,666        (594,951)      1,591,046
      Share-based payments (Note 27)                 –                –            4,402               –           4,402
      Issuance of shares                      157,821                 –                –               –        157,821
      Currency translation differences               –                –                –              76                 76
      Share of other comprehensive
        income of associates                         –                –                –             901            901
      Share of reserves of associates                –                –                –           2,926           2,926
      Balance at 31 December 2024            2,577,666         (401,514)         172,068        (591,048)      1,757,172

      Balance at 1 January 2025              2,577,666         (401,514)         172,068        (591,048)      1,757,172
      Issuance of shares                      326,523                 –                –               –        326,523
      Change in fair value of equity
        investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                   –                –                –           5,921           5,921
      Currency translation differences               –                –                –             423            423
      Share of other comprehensive
        loss of an associate                         –                –                –          (1,652)         (1,652)
      Share of reserves of an associate              –                –                –             779            779
      Impact of loss of significant
        influence over an associate                  –                –                –          (2,953)         (2,953)
      Balance at 31 December 2025            2,904,189         (401,514)         172,068        (588,530)      2,086,213


27.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      Huarui Zongheng (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (華瑞縱橫(北京)科技有限公司), Shanghai Zupai Technology
      Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海築湃科技合夥企業(有限合夥)), Shanghai Zulin Technology Partnership
      (Limited Partnership)(上海築麟科技合夥企業(有限合夥)), Shanghai Renhong Technology Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (上海韌宏科技合夥企業(有限合夥)) and Shanghai Progeun Technology Co., Ltd. (上海芃槿科技有
      限責任公司) (collectively referred to as the “Vehicles”) were all established in the PRC under the Company
      Law of the PRC as a vehicle to hold the ordinary shares for the Company’s employees under the ESOP in
      2020.


      (a)     ESOP

              On 7 December 2020, 151 eligible employees (the “Grantees”) were granted 45,149,702 shares of
              the Company at a consideration of RMB1.00 per share which are vested when Grantees complete
              a contractual term of service with the authorisation from the Board of Directors of the Company to
              acquire their long-term service in the future.




                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        211
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  27.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
         (a)     ESOP (Continued)

                 The grants under the plan vest over a period of four years of continuous service, with one-fourth (1/4)
                 vesting upon each anniversary date of the stated vesting commencement date.


                 Set out below is the movement in the number of awarded restricted shares under the ESOP:


                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                             awarded
                                                                                                    restricted shares

                 At 1 January 2024                                                                           6,085,684
                 Vested during the year                                                                     (4,643,137)
                 Forfeited during the year                                                                  (1,442,547)
                 At 31 December 2024                                                                                  –


         (b)     Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

                 Administrative expenses                                                        –                  (206)
                 Research and development expenses                                              –                 4,608
                 Total                                                                          –                 4,402


  28.    TRADE PAYABLES
         The ageing analysis of the trade payables based on their respective invoice dates is as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

         Less than 1 year                                                                176,671              211,469
         Over 1 year                                                                       7,156               24,666
         Total                                                                           183,827              236,135


         Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days from the date of initial recognition.


         The carrying amounts of trade payables are considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their
         short-term nature.


         The trade payables are primarily denominated in RMB.




212   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

      Fixed payables for acquisition/investments (a)                                          –               35,000
      Variable payables for acquisition/investments ((a) and Note 34)                   37,412                30,845
      Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                            97,823                87,468
      Payroll and welfare payables                                                      38,557                32,831
      Leases and utilities payables                                                      5,760                 9,980
      Payables for employee reimbursement                                                   82                15,167
      Payables for professional fees                                                     1,785                 1,651
      Other taxes and surcharges payables                                                7,481                16,911
      Deposits from suppliers                                                            1,119                   592
      Others                                                                             5,273                 3,239
      Total                                                                           195,292               233,684


      (a)      On 29 September 2019, the Group entered into an equity purchase agreement with Hangzhou HanX
               Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“HanX”) to acquire 40% equity interests in Taizhou Hanzhong held by HanX at
               (i) a fixed consideration of RMB350,000,000; and (ii) a variable consideration payable at 4.375% of
               the annual net sales revenue of PD-1 products, which will be settled annually after the PD-1 products
               are launched into the market.


30.   BORROWINGS
                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

      Current
      Bank borrowings, non-secured (b)                                                676,153               478,150
      Bank borrowings, secured (a)                                                      80,167                60,261
      Non-current
      Bank borrowings, non-secured (b)                                                155,581                 55,940
      Bank borrowings, secured (a)                                                    119,970               200,000
      Total                                                                          1,031,871              794,351




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    213
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  30.    BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:


                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

         Within 1 year                                                                  756,320              538,411
         Between 1 and 2 years                                                          275,551              135,940
         Between 2 and 5 years                                                                 –             120,000
         Total                                                                        1,031,871              794,351


         (a)     Details of the assets of the Group that have been pledged as the security for the bank borrowings
                 as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are set out in Note 15 and 16. The borrowings bear interest at a
                 floating rate ranging from 2.90% to 3.00% per annum during 2025 (2024: from 3.45% to 3.80%).
                 Interest is payable quarterly. The principal amounts for the borrowings are payable in batches from 20
                 June 2022 to 1 September 2027.


         (b)     The borrowings bear interests at floating rates range from 2.20% to 3.15% per annum during 2025
                 (2024: from 2.65% to 3.45%). Interest is payable quarterly.


                 The fair value of borrowings approximated their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2025 and 2024
                 as the borrowings carried interest rates which were benchmarked against rates announced by the
                 People’s Bank of China from time to time.


  31.    LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

         Minimum lease payments due
           – Within 1 year                                                               26,416               35,106
           – Over 1 year                                                                       –              11,690
                                                                                         26,416               46,796
         Less: Future finance charges                                                      (210)                 (963)
         Present value of lease liabilities                                              26,206               45,833

         Portion classified as current liabilities                                       26,206               34,378
         Portion classified as non-current liabilities                                         –              11,455

         The present value of lease liabilities is as follows:
           – Within 1 year                                                               26,206               34,378
           – Over 1 year                                                                       –              11,455
         Total                                                                           26,206               45,833




214   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


32.   DEFERRED GOVERNMENT GRANTS
                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

      Government grants
      Asset-related grants (a)                                                           11,460               11,820
      Income-related grants                                                                6,200               6,200
      Total                                                                              17,660               18,020


      (a)     The asset-related grants are subsidies received from the government to compensate the Group’s
              project of Shanghai Biological Park for high-efficiency monoclonal antibody drug production.


33.   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
      Deferred income taxes are calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using the tax
      rates which are expected to be applied at the time of reversal of the temporary differences.


      The deferred income tax assets and liabilities are mainly derived from the acquisition of subsidiaries and
      reclassification of investment in an associate using equity method to FVTOCI. The amount of offsetting
      deferred income tax assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2025 was RMB51,229,000 (31 December 2024:
      RMB11,490,000).


      The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities before offsetting is as follows:


      (a)     Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                         Tax losses
                                                                                                           RMB’000

              At 1 January 2024                                                                               14,201
              Charged to profit or loss                                                                       (2,711)
              At 31 December 2024                                                                             11,490

              At 1 January 2025                                                                               11,490
              Charged to profit or loss                                                                       39,739
              At 31 December 2025                                                                             51,229




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    215
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  33.    DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
         The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities before offsetting is as follows: (continued)


         (b)    Deferred tax liabilities

                                                       Property,
                                                       plant and         Intangible          Unlisted
                                                      equipment                assets           equity
                                                        acquired           acquired       investment
                                                      in business       in business       designated
                                                     combination      combination           at FVTOCI                 Total
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

                At 1 January 2024                              (91)           (51,797)                –             (51,888)
                Credited to profit or loss                     15              2,696                  –              2,711
                At 31 December 2024                            (76)           (49,101)                –             (49,177)

                At 1 January 2025                             (76)            (49,101)                –            (49,177)
                Credited to profit or loss                     15              2,696           (42,450)            (39,739)
                At 31 December 2025                           (61)            (46,405)         (42,450)            (88,916)


                For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
                of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for
                financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

                Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position                                         (37,687)                 (37,687)




216   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


34.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

      Variable consideration payable arising from the acquisition of 40%
        equity interests in Taizhou Hanzhong from the then
        non-controlling interests (Note 29(a))                                     281,335               263,112
      Less: Current portion                                                         (37,412)              (30,845)
      Non-current portion                                                          243,923               232,267


      As described in Note 29(a), the fair value of variable consideration payable as at 31 December 2025 and
      2024 was determined by an independent valuer (Note 3.3(b)), and the changes in fair value were recognised
      in the profit or loss.


      The movements of financial liabilities at FVTPL for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are set out
      below:


                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

      Opening balance                                                              263,112               272,625
      Change in fair value (Note 10)                                                 31,361                (5,077)
      Variable consideration paid to Hangzhou HanX
        Biomedical Co., Ltd.                                                        (13,138)               (4,436)
      Closing balance                                                              281,335               263,112




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    217
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  35.    CASH FLOW INFORMATION
         (a)    Cash generated from operations

                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

                Cash flows from operating activities
                Profit/(loss) before income tax                                 260,636           (424,193)
                Adjustments for:
                  – Revenue from non-cash consideration                         (42,596)                   –
                  – Expected credit losses                                         356                  (221)
                  – Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                48,559               51,997
                  – Amortisation of intangible assets                            31,058               30,318
                  – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          14,109               17,864
                  – Share-based payments                                              –                4,402
                  – Net (gains)/losses on disposal of property, plant and
                     equipment                                                     (913)                 18
                  – Net gains on disposal of right-of-use assets                      –                  (11)
                  – Change in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL       31,361               (5,077)
                  – Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL              (112)                   –
                  – Transfer of investment from equity method to FVTOCI        (289,442)                   –
                  – Finance costs, net                                           15,833               15,654
                  – Deferred government grants related to asset                    (360)                (180)
                  – Listing expenses                                              1,047                3,904
                  – Share of loss of investments accounted for using the
                     equity method                                                7,513               16,439
                Operating cash flows before movements in working capital         77,049           (289,086)


                (Increase)/decrease in inventories                              (29,040)               6,625
                Increase in trade receivables                                   (21,414)              (8,218)
                Decrease in other receivables, prepayments and deposits          38,296               26,031
                (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                        (491)                905
                Increase in deferred government grants related to income              –                6,200
                (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                           (56,958)              28,524
                (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals              (23,444)              27,958
                Cash used in operations                                         (16,002)          (201,061)




218   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


35.   CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      (b)   Non-cash investing and financing activities

            Non-cash investing and financing activities disclosed in other notes are:


            •        Capitalisation of depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment – Note 15


            •        Capitalisation of depreciation charge of right-of-use assets and land use rights – Note 16


            •        Additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities – Note 16


            •        Additions to financial assets at fair value – Note 22


      (c)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                            Variable
                                                                                                        payables for
                                                                                     Fixed payables     acquisition/
                                                                                     for acquisition/   investments
                                                                                        investments      included in
                                                                                         included in       financial
                                                                                     other payables        liabilities
                                                Borrowings     Lease liabilities        and accruals       at FVTPL           Total
                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

            At 1 January 2024                     (694,299)             (47,455)             (75,000)       (272,625)    (1,089,379)
            Changes from financing cash flows       (72,976)              5,447               40,000           4,436        (23,093)
            New leases                                    –              (3,385)                   –                –        (3,385)
            Interest expense                        (27,076)             (1,207)                   –                –       (28,283)
            Lease termination                             –                 767                    –                –          767
            Fair value changes                            –                   –                    –           5,077         5,077
            At 31 December 2024                   (794,351)             (45,833)             (35,000)       (263,112)    (1,138,296)

            At 1 January 2025                     (794,351)            (45,833)              (35,000)      (263,112)     (1,138,296)
            Changes from financing cash flows     (210,112)             20,380                35,000          13,138      (141,594)
            Interest expense                        (27,408)               (753)                   –                –       (28,161)
            Fair value changes                            –                   –                    –         (31,361)       (31,361)
            At 31 December 2025                  (1,031,871)           (26,206)                    –       (281,335)     (1,339,412)




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        219
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  36.    COMMITMENTS
         (a)    Capital commitments

                Capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the year but not yet incurred is as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

                Property, plant and equipment                                           438,980                 456,840


         (b)    Operating lease commitments

                At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s commitments for future minimum lease payments
                under non-cancellable short-term leases are as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

                No later than 1 year                                                         504                    528




220   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


37.   SUBSIDIARIES
      The Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they
      have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion
      of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. The country of incorporation or
      registration is also their principal place of business.


                                                                                                    Particulars of
                                      Place of incorporation/                                        issued share                               Ownership interest
                                      registration and kind of      Principal activities               capital and   Ownership interest       held by non-controlling
      Name of subsidiary              legal entity                  and place of operation         debt securities   held by the Group               interests
                                                                                                                       2025         2024          2025          2024
      Shanghai Miracogen (上海                                        Research and development
        美雅珂生物技術有限                     The PRC, limited                focusing on ADC related
        責任公司) *                         liability company             pipelines in the PRC         RMB99,371,981      100%         100%               –             –
                                                                    Research and development
      Taizhou Hanzhong                The PRC, limited                focusing on PD-1 related
        (泰州翰中生物醫藥有限公司)                  liability company             pipelines in the PRC          RMB7,692,308       91%          91%             9%           9%
      Taizhou Houde Aoke
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                        Research and development
        (“Taizhou Aoke”)              The PRC, limited                focusing on PD-L1 related
        (泰州厚德奧科科技有限公司)                  liability company             pipelines in the PRC        RMB262,000,000       70%          70%            30%          30%
      CtM Bio Co., Ltd. (“CtM Bio”)
        (樂普創一生物科技(上海)                 The PRC, limited              Discovery of new drug
        有限公司)                           liability company             candidates in the PRC        RMB30,000,000       70%          70%            30%          30%
      Lepu Beijing (樂普(北京)            The PRC, limited              Operation of manufacturing
        生物科技有限公司)                       liability company             site in Beijing, the PRC    RMB100,000,000      100%         100%               –             –
                                      The British Virgin Islands,   Investment holdings in the
      Innocube Limited                  limited liability company     British Virgin Islands           USD50,000      100%         100%               –             –
      Shanghai Lepu Biopharma
        Investment Co., Ltd. (“Lepu
        Shanghai”) (上海樂普生物            The PRC, limited              Investment holdings in the
        投資有限公司)                         liability company             Chinese mainland             RMB50,000,000      100%         100%               –             –
      Lepu Hangjia (Shanghai)
        Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
        (“Lepu Hangjia”)                                            Business incubator
        (樂普航嘉(上海)創業                   The PRC, limited                management in the
        孵化器管理有限公司)                      liability company             Chinese mainland             RMB50,000,000      100%         100%               –             –
                                                                    Platform for clinical
                                      The United States, limited      development overseas
      Innocube Biosciences Inc.         liability company             in the United States             USD10,000      100%         100%               –             –
      CtM Bio (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.                                   Discovery of new drug
        (樂普創一生物科技(南京)                 The PRC, limited                candidates in the
        有限公司)                           liability company             Chinese mainland              RMB3,000,000       70%          70%            30%          30%
                                      The PRC, limited
      Innocube (Hongkong) Limited       liability company           HongKong                                    –     100%                –           –             –

      *          Shanghai Miracogen was deregistered in February 2026 as merged into the Company.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.                       221
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  38.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
         The Group is controlled by the following entity:


                                                                                                      Ownership interests in the Company
                                                                                                                As at 31 December

         Name                      Type                          Place of registration                         2025                   2024

         Ningbo Houde Yimin        Immediate parent entity       Ningbo, the PRC                            25.33%                  25.33%


         The Company was ultimately controlled by Dr. Pu Zhongjie.


         The directors are of the view that the following parties excluding subsidiaries and associates, are other
         related parties that had transactions or balances with the Group:


         Name                                                             Relationship with the Group

         Beijing Pufeng Medical Management Co., Ltd.                      A subsidiary of an entity of which the director is a close
             (北京普峰醫療管理有限公司)                                                  family member of Dr. Pu Zhongjie
         Beijing Volt Technology Co., Ltd.                                A subsidiary of an entity of which the director is a close
             (北京伏爾特技術有限公司)                                                   family member of Dr. Pu Zhongjie
         Lepu Pharmaceuticals, Inc                                        Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             (樂普藥業股份有限公司)                                                    influence over the Group
         Beijing Lepu Pharmaceutical                                      Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             (北京樂普醫藥科技有限公司)                                                  influence over the Group
         Beijing Lejian Dongwai Clinic Co., Ltd.                          Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             (北京樂健東外門診                                                       influence over the Group
         部有限公司)
         Lepu Ruikang (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.                      Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
         (樂普睿康(北京)科技有限公司)                                                    influence over the Group
         Beijing Lepu Hushengtang Network                                 Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             Technology Co., Ltd.                                            influence over the Group
         (北京樂普護生堂網絡科技有限公司)
         Beijing Aipuyi Medical Testing Center Co. Ltd.                   Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             (北京愛普益醫學檢驗中心有限公司)                                               influence over the Group
         Beijing Lepu Medical Technology Co.. Ltd.                        Controlled by a shareholder which has significant
             (北京樂普診斷科技股份有限公司)                                                influence over the Group
         Excalipoint Group *                                              Controlled by a member of key management personnel
                                                                             prior to his resignation from the Group at the end of
                                                                             September 2025
         CG Oncology, Inc.                                                An entity of which the director is a close family member
                                                                             of Dr. Pu Zhongjie
         KYM                                                              An associate of the entity

         *       Excalipoint Group refers to Excalipoint Therapeutics Inc. (“Excalipoint Cayman”) and its subsidiaries.




222   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


38.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the
      reporting period. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried
      out in the normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related
      parties.


      38.1   Transactions with other related parties

             (a)   Purchase and sale of raw materials and various services


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Licensing income from related party (i)                            91,711                        –
                    Licensing income from an associate                                 13,992                20,987
                    CDMO services income from related parties                           9,599                45,497
                    Assets disposal income from related party                           3,968                        –
                    Purchase of professional services from related party                2,663                 6,138
                    Purchase of raw materials from related parties                      3,627                 1,378
                    Purchase of finished goods from related party                       1,311                        –


                    (i)     Pursuant to the intellectual property assignment and license agreement and the share
                            purchase agreement entered into between the Company and Excalipoint Group on 1
                            August 2025, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Excalipoint Group will
                            obtain the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the target products worldwide,
                            in consideration for which the Company shall receive (I) an upfront payment in cash
                            of USD10 million in aggregate, development and commercial milestone payments and
                            sales royalties, and (II) ordinary shares to be issued by Excalipoint Cayman representing
                            10% of the enlarged issue capital of Excalipoint Cayman, through Innocube Limited (a
                            wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company). As at 31 December 2025, the Company has
                            received an upfront payment in cash of USD8 million and 425,403 ordinary shares of
                            Excalipoint Cayman.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       223
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  38.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
         38.1   Transactions with other related parties (Continued)

                (b)    Rental services

                                                                               Rental expenses
                                                                                 for short-term
                                                                              leases and leases
                                                                                     of low-value
                                                                             assets treated in a
                                                     Type of Leased Asset    simplified manner              Rent Paid
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

                       2025
                       Beijing Pufeng Medical
                          Management Co., Ltd.       Production Facility                     593              13,892

                       2024
                       Beijing Pufeng Medical
                          Management Co., Ltd.       Production Facility                     484               4,443


         38.2   Balances with related parties

                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

                Balances due from related parties
                Prepayment to a related party                                                  –               1,520
                Other receivables from a related party                                     1,390               1,390
                Trade receivables from a related party                                       373               5,180

                Balances due to related parties
                Trade payables to related parties                                          1,557                   –
                Other payables and accruals to related parties                             5,515               9,544
                Lease liabilities to related party                                        19,607              33,013


                As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there was no non-trade nature balance with related parties.
                All balances with related parties were non-interest bearing and trade in nature, and their fair values
                approximated their carrying amounts due to their short maturities.




224   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


38.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      38.3   Key management compensation

             Key management includes executive directors, supervisors and senior managements. The
             compensation paid or payable to key management personnel other than directors and supervisors
             disclosed in Note 39 is shown as below:


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

             Salaries, bonuses and other allowances                                      3,599                 4,971
             Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                    125                   141
             Other social security costs, housing benefits, and other
               employee benefits                                                           150                   165
             Share-based payment expenses                                                     –                3,444
             Total                                                                       3,874                 8,721




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    225
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  39.    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
         (a)    Directors and supervisors

                Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and supervisors for the reporting period
                are set out as follows:


                For the year ended 31 December 2025:


                                                                                     Bonuses         Share-      Defined
                                                                                   and other          based contribution
                                                         Fees        Salaries     allowances       payments        plans     Total
                Name                                 RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000

                Directors:
                Dr. Pu Zhongjie                              –               –              –             –            –         –
                Dr. Sui Ziye                                 –          2,349             960             –         165      3,474
                Ms. Pu Jue                                   –               –              –             –            –         –
                Mr. Yang Hongbing **                         –               –              –             –            –         –
                Ms. Qin Yiran ***                            –               –              –             –            –         –
                                                             –          2,349             960             –         165      3,474

                Independent non-executive
                  directors:
                Mr. Zhou Demin                            250                –              –             –            –       250
                Mr. Yang Haifeng                          250                –              –             –            –       250
                Mr. Hua Fengmao                           250                –              –             –            –       250
                                                          750                –              –             –            –       750

                Supervisors:
                Mr. Xu Yang                               250                –              –             –            –       250
                Mr. Yang Ming *                              –               –              –             –            –         –
                Ms. Zhao Lixuan                              –            409              74             –         165        648
                Total                                     250             409              74             –         165        898


                *        Yang Ming retired from his position as a supervisor on 31 October 2025.
                **       Yang Hongbing resigned from his position as a director on 27 June 2025.
                ***      Qin Yiran was appointed as a director on 27 June 2025.




226   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


39.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS (CONTINUED)
      (a)   Directors and supervisors (Continued)

            Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and supervisors for the reporting period
            are set out as follows: (continued)


            For the year ended 31 December 2024:


                                                                                Bonuses       Share-      Defined
                                                                              and other       based contribution
                                                     Fees        Salaries    allowances    payments         plans        Total
            Name                                RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

            Directors:
            Dr. Pu Zhongjie                              –              –              –           –            –               –
            Dr. Sui Ziye                                 –          1,702            607       2,237          161        4,707
            Dr. Hu Chaohong *                            –          1,861              –      (3,388)           –       (1,527)
            Ms. Pu Jue                                   –              –              –           –            –               –
            Mr. Yang Hongbing                            –              –              –           –            –               –
            Mr. Lin Xianghong **                         –              –              –           –            –               –
                                                         –          3,563            607      (1,151)         161        3,180

            Independent non-executive
              directors:
            Mr. Zhou Demin                            250               –              –           –            –          250
            Mr. Yang Haifeng                          250               –              –           –            –          250
            Mr. Hua Fengmao                           250               –              –           –            –          250
                                                      750               –              –           –            –          750

            Supervisors:
            Mr. Xu Yang                               250               –              –           –            –          250
            Mr. Yang Ming                                –              –              –           –            –               –
            Mr. Wang Jiwei ***                           –              9              –           –            4              13
            Ms. Zhao Lixuan ****                         –           409              82           –          161          652
            Total                                     250            418              82           –          165          915


            *        Hu Chaohong retired from 31 January 2024.
            **       Lin Xianghong retired from 31 January 2024.
            ***      Wang Jiwei retired from 31 January 2024.
            ****     Zhao Lixuan was appointed as a supervisor on 31 January 2024.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.        227
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  39.    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS (CONTINUED)
         (a)    Directors and supervisors (Continued)

                No directors or supervisors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the reporting period.
                No emoluments were paid to directors or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the
                Group or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.


         (b)    Directors and supervisors’ retirement benefits

                None of the directors or supervisors received any retirement benefits during the reporting period.


         (c)    Directors and supervisors’ termination benefits

                None of the directors or supervisors received any termination benefits during the reporting period.


         (d)    Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, supervisors
                and bodies corporate controlled by or entities connected with directors

                Other than as disclosed in Note 38, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of
                directors, supervisors or bodies corporate controlled by and entities connected with such directors or
                supervisors during the reporting period.


         (e)    Directors and supervisors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

                Other than as disclosed in Note 38, there were no other significant transactions, arrangements and
                contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Group was a party and in which a director
                or supervisor of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
                end of the year or at any time during the reporting period.


  40.    DIVIDEND
         No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company or companies comprising the Group during the years
         ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




228   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


41.   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
      Balance sheet of the Company

                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                     830,071               814,645
      Right-of-use assets                                                 86,083                92,527
      Intangible assets                                                   44,736                24,059
      Investments in subsidiaries                                      2,022,376            2,022,376
      Investments accounted for using the equity method                         –             113,432
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                        396,677                         –
      Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                         20,943                22,600
      Total non-current assets                                         3,400,886            3,089,639

      Current assets
      Inventories                                                         37,113                 5,011
      Trade receivables                                                   68,298                51,526
      Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                      1,701,902            2,039,738
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                           63,628                63,628
      Cash and cash equivalents                                         694,632               336,110
      Total current assets                                             2,565,573            2,496,013
      Total assets                                                     5,966,459            5,585,652




                                                          Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.       229
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41.    BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
         Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)

                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

         Equity
         Share capital                                                1,804,440            1,710,615
         Reserves                                                     3,098,831            2,770,213
         Accumulated losses                                            (585,411)               (635,244)
         Total equity                                                 4,317,860            3,845,584

         Liabilities
         Non-current liabilities
         Borrowings                                                    275,551                 255,940
         Deferred government grants                                      15,260                 15,620
         Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                243,923                 232,267
         Total non-current liabilities                                 534,734                 503,827
         Current liabilities
         Borrowings                                                    756,320                 538,411
         Trade payables                                                183,191                 444,907
         Other payables and accruals                                   173,940                 252,018
         Contract liabilities                                               414                    905
         Total current liabilities                                    1,113,865            1,236,241
         Total liabilities                                            1,648,599            1,740,068

         Total equity and liabilities                                 5,966,459            5,585,652




                    Executives Director: Dr. Pu Zhongjie   Executives Director: Dr. Sui Ziye




230   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


41.   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
      Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                           Share-
                                                                           based
                                                   Share     Capital    payment           Other
                                                premium     reserves     reserves      reserves          Total
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

      Balance at 1 January 2024                 2,419,845          –     167,666         16,652     2,604,163
      Issuance of shares                         157,821           –             –             –      157,821
      Share-based payments (Note 27)                    –          –        4,402              –         4,402
      Share of other comprehensive
        income of associates                            –         –              –          901            901
      Share of reserves of associates                   –         –              –        2,926          2,926
      Balance at 31 December 2024               2,577,666          –     172,068         20,479     2,770,213

      Balance at 1 January 2025                 2,577,666          –     172,068         20,479     2,770,213
      Issuance of shares                         326,523           –             –             –      326,523
      Change in fair value of equity
        investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                      –          –             –        5,921          5,921
      Share of other comprehensive
        loss of an associate                            –         –              –        (1,652)       (1,652)
      Share of reserves of an associate                 –         –              –          779            779
      Impact of loss of significant influence
        over an associate                               –         –              –        (2,953)       (2,953)
      Balance at 31 December 2025               2,904,189          –     172,068         22,574     3,098,831


42.   EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      There is no significant event occurred after the balance sheet date which has material impact on the
      consolidated financial statements of the Group.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    231
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         This note provides a list of other potentially material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these
         consolidated financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all years presented, unless
         otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the Group.


         43.1   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

                (a)    Subsidiaries

                       Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                       Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
                       its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to
                       direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
                       control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.


                       The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the
                       Group except for business combination under common control.


                       Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group
                       companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                       evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are
                       adjusted, where necessary, to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                       Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in profit
                       or loss, statement of changes in equity and the balance sheet.


                (b)    Associates

                       An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less
                       than 20% of the equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant
                       influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
                       investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.




232   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.1   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

             (c)   Equity method

                   Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
                   adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
                   the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                   income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from
                   associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.


                   Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                   interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not
                   recognise further losses unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                   other entity.


                   Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
                   extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
                   the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. The accounting
                   policies of equity-accounted investees are adjusted, where necessary, to ensure consistency
                   with the policies adopted by the Group.


                   The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance
                   with the policy described in Note 43.8.


             (d)   Changes in ownership interests

                   The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                   control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                   in an adjustment to the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to
                   reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                   adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in
                   a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.


                   Contingent consideration is initially measured at fair value and classified either as equity or a
                   financial liability. Amounts classified as financial liabilities are subsequently remeasured to fair
                   value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   233
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.2   Business combinations

                Non-common control business combinations

                The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combination, except for business
                combinations under common control. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                comprises the:


                •      fair values of the assets transferred;


                •      liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business;


                •      equity interests issued by the Group;


                •      fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement; and


                •      fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.


                Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
                are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
                recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis,
                either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net
                identifiable assets.


                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


                The excess of the:


                •      consideration transferred,


                •      amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


                •      acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity.


                over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
                are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
                recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




234   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.2   Business combinations (Continued)

             Non-common control business combinations (continued)

             Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
             discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s
             incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
             independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified
             either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
             remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


             If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
             previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any
             gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.


      43.3   Separate financial statements

             Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
             costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
             dividend received and receivable.


             Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
             these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
             period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
             statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net
             assets including goodwill.


      43.4   Segment reporting

             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
             CODM. The CODM, responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
             segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Group that make strategic decisions.


      43.5   Foreign currency translation

             (a)    Functional and presentation currency

                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured
                    using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the
                    “functional currency”). Since the operations of the Group are located in the PRC, the
                    consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s primary
                    functional and presentation currency.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   235
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.5   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

                (b)    Transactions and balances

                       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                       rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
                       settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
                       denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit
                       or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying
                       net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.
                       Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in profit or loss, within finance costs.


                       Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using
                       the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences
                       on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.
                       For example, translation differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities
                       held at financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain
                       or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified as fair
                       value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) are recognised in other comprehensive
                       income (“OCI”).


                (c)    Group companies

                       The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                       hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                       currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                       •       assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate
                               at the date of that balance sheet;


                       •       income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of
                               comprehensive loss are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a
                               reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                               transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the
                               transactions), and


                       •       all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                       On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                       foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of
                       such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is
                       sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange
                       differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.




236   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.6   Property, plant and equipment

             Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical costs include
             expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.


             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will
             flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any
             component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and
             maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.


             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
             each reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
             amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are
             included in the profit or loss.


             Construction-in-progress (the “CIP”) represents equipment and decorations under construction, and is
             stated at costs less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Costs include the costs of construction and
             acquisition and capitalised borrowing costs. No provision for depreciation is made on CIP until such
             time as the relevant assets are completed and ready for intended use. When the assets concerned
             are available for use, the costs are transferred to leasehold improvements as well as equipment and
             instruments and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated above.


      43.7   Intangible assets

             (a)    Goodwill

                    Goodwill is measured as described in Note 43.2. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is
                    included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment at
                    balance sheet date, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it
                    might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses
                    on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


                    Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The
                    allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are
                    expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or
                    groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
                    management purposes.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   237
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.7   Intangible assets (Continued)

                (b)    Intellectual properties

                       Separately acquired intellectual properties are shown at historical cost. Intellectual properties
                       acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
                       Intellectual properties have a finite useful life and are amortised using the straight-line method
                       over their estimated useful lives of 11 to 23 years, which are determined based on the shorter
                       of authorised useful lives and the management’s estimation of the period of returns on the
                       intellectual properties. Intellectual properties are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated
                       amortisation and impairment losses.


                       The Group might acquire intellectual properties for an initial payment plus contractually agreed
                       additional payments contingent on future events and outcomes occurred. Based on the costs
                       accumulation model chosen by the Group, intellectual properties are recognised at acquisition
                       at the cost paid, and variable payments are not included in the carrying amount of the asset at
                       acquisition. Subsequently, the Group capitalises the variable payments as part of the costs of
                       the asset when paid, on the basis that these payments represent the direct costs of acquisition.


                (c)    Research and development

                       Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the criteria for
                       capitalisation as set out in Note 17(b) above are recognised as an expense as incurred.
                       Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a
                       subsequent period.


         43.8   Impairment of non-financial assets

                Capitalised product development costs and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are
                not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or
                changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment
                whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
                recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
                exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
                costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at
                the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
                of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets
                other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment
                at the end of each reporting period.




238   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.9   Investments and other financial assets

             (a)   Classification

                   The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                   •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit
                          or loss), and


                   •      those to be measured at amortised cost.


                   The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
                   the contractual terms of the cash flows.


                   For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                   or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
                   on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                   account for the equity investment at FVTOCI.


                   The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                   those assets changes.


             (b)   Recognition and derecognition

                   Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                   which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when
                   the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
                   and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   239
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.9   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

                (c)    Measurement

                       At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of
                       a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
                       of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in
                       profit or loss.


                       Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                       whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


                       (i)     Debt instruments

                               Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                               for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                               measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                               •         Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows
                                         where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest
                                         are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is
                                         included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                                         loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented
                                         in “other gains/(losses), net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses.


                               •         FVTOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and
                                         for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
                                         payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVTOCI. Movements in the
                                         carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment
                                         gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which
                                         are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                                         cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to
                                         profit or loss and recognised in “other gains/(losses), net”. Interest income from
                                         these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest
                                         rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in “other gains/
                                         (losses), net”.


                               •         FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVTOCI are
                                         measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently
                                         measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other
                                         gains/(losses), net” in the period in which it arises.


                               During the reporting period, no amount is recognised in respect of financial assets at
                               fair value through other comprehensive income.




240   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.9   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

             (c)   Measurement (continued)

                   (ii)     Equity instruments

                            The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the
                            Group’s management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity
                            investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and
                            losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from
                            such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the
                            Group’s right to receive payments is established.


                            Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “other
                            gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal
                            of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVTOCI are not reported
                            separately from other changes in fair value.


             (d)   Impairment

                   The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                   debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVTOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                   depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                   For other receivables, prepayments and deposits, at each reporting date, the Group shall
                   assess whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                   recognition.


                   The measurement of expected credit losses reflects: An unbiased and probability-weighted
                   amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes; the time value of
                   money; and reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue costs
                   or effort at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
                   economic conditions.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   241
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.10 Offsetting financial instruments

                Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where
                the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an
                intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


         43.11 Financial guarantee contracts

                Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is
                issued. The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the amount determined in
                accordance with the expected credit loss model under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments .


                The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in
                cash flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments
                that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a
                third party for assuming the obligations.


                Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no
                compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of
                the investment.


         43.12 Inventories

                Inventories including finished goods, raw materials and consumable materials are stated at the lower
                of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
                proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of
                normal operating capacity. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates and
                discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


         43.13 Trade and other receivables

                Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
                ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less
                (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not,
                they are presented as non-current assets.


                Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is
                unconditional unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair
                value. The Group holds the trade and other receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual
                cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
                method, less allowance for impairment.




242   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.14 Prepayments

            Prepayments of the Group represent upfront cash payments made to contract research organisations
            (“CROs”), contract manufacture organisations (“CMOs”), contract development and manufacturing
            organisations (“CDMOs”), hospitals and suppliers of equipment.


            Prepayments to CROs, CMOs, CDMOs and hospitals, which are organisations that provide
            support, such as chemistry, manufacturing, and controls processes in the development, licensure,
            manufacturing, and ongoing marketing of pharmaceutical products (“CMC”), to the pharmaceutical,
            biotechnology and medical device industries in the form of research services outsourced on a contract
            basis, will be subsequently recorded as research and development expenses in accordance with the
            applicable performance requirements within one year or less and therefore are all classified as current
            assets.


            Prepayments for purchasing of equipment which are due for transfer to property, plant and
            equipment and therefore are classified as non-current assets.


      43.15 Cash and cash equivalents

            For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes
            cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
            investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank
            overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.


      43.16 Share capital

            Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


            Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
            deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


      43.17 Trade and other payables

            These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
            financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
            as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
            recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
            interest method.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   243
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.18 Borrowings

                Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
                costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
                using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised
                as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
                drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no
                evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised
                as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.


                Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is
                discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability
                that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
                non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.


                Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


         43.19 Borrowing costs

                General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete
                and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a
                substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.


                Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
                expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. Other
                borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




244   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.20 Current and deferred income tax

            The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable
            income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred
            tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.


           (a)     Current income tax

                   The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                   substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company
                   and its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income. Management
                   periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which
                   applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate
                   on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


           (b)     Deferred income tax

                   Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences
                   arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the
                   consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they
                   arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if
                   it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
                   combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or
                   loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                   substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
                   related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


                   Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be
                   available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.


                   Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the
                   carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is
                   able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                   the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                   current tax assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same
                   taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally
                   enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
                   and settle the liability simultaneously.


                   Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to
                   items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is
                   also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.



                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   245
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.21 Employee benefits

                (a)    Short-term obligations

                       Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave
                       that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which
                       the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                       the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when
                       the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in
                       the balance sheet.


                (b)    Post-employment obligations

                       Employees of the Group are covered by defined contribution pension plans under which
                       the employees are entitled to a monthly pension based on certain formulas. The relevant
                       government agencies are responsible for the pension liability to these employees when they
                       retire. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans for the employees
                       which are determined at a certain percentage of their salaries. Under these plans, the Group
                       has no obligation for post-retirement benefits beyond the contribution made. Contributions
                       to these plans are expensed as incurred and contributions paid to the defined contribution
                       pension plans for a staff are not available to reduce the Group’s future obligations to such
                       defined contribution pension plans even if the staff leaves the Group.


                (c)    Termination benefits

                       Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                       normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for
                       these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates:
                       (i) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (ii) when the
                       entity recognises costs for a restructuring and involves the payment of terminations benefits.
                       In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are
                       measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due
                       more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value.


                (d)    Housing funds

                       The PRC employees of the Group are also entitled to participate in various
                       government-sponsored housing funds. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to those
                       funds based on a certain percentage of the employee’s salaries. The Group’s liabilities in
                       respect of these funds are limited to the contributions payable in each period and the Group
                       has no further obligation beyond the contributions made. The non-PRC employees are not
                       covered by the housing funds.




246   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.22 Share-based payments

            The fair value of awarded shares granted to employees under the Employee Share Ownership Plan
            (the “ESOP”) less amount paid by employees is recognised as an employee benefits expense over
            the relevant service period, being the vesting period of the shares, and the credit is recognised in the
            share-based payment reserves in equity. The fair value of the shares is measured at the grant date.
            The number of shares expected to vest is estimated based on the non-market vesting conditions.
            The estimates are revised at the end of each reporting period and adjustments are recognised in
            profit or loss and the share-based payment reserves. Where shares are forfeited due to a failure by
            the employee to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognised in relation to such
            shares are reversed effective at the date of the forfeiture.


      43.23 Government grants

            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
            that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


            Note 7 provides further information on how the Group accounts for government grants.


      43.24 Interest income

            Interest income from financial assets at FVTPL is included in the net fair value gains on these assets.


            Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held
            for cash management purposes.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    247
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.25 Earnings per share

                To calculate earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue before the
                conversion into a joint stock company was determined assuming the paid-in capital had been fully
                converted into share capital at the same conversion ratio of 1:1 as upon conversion into joint stock
                company.


                (a)    Basic earnings per share

                       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:


                       •       the profit attributable to the owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing
                               equity other than ordinary shares, and


                       •       by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial
                               year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and
                               excluding treasury shares.


                (b)    Diluted earnings per share

                       Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
                       share to take into account:


                       •       the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                               potential ordinary shares, and


                       •       the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                               outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


         43.26 Dividend income

                Dividends are received from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) and
                at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI). Dividends are recognised as other income
                in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid
                out of pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of
                an investment. In this case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured
                at FVTOCI. However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.




248   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.27 Leases

            Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
            leased asset is available for use by the Group.


            Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration
            in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.
            However, for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease
            and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.


            Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
            conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in
            the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
            purposes.


            Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
            liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


            •        fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


            •        Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
                     or rate as at the commencement date;


            •        amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;


            •        the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that
                     option; and


            •        payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
                     that option.


            Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
            measurement of the liability.


            The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot
            be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
            borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the
            funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic
            environment with similar terms, security and conditions.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   249
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43.    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)
         43.27 Leases (Continued)

                Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                •       the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;


                •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                        received;


                •       any initial direct costs; and


                •       restoration costs.


                Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
                term on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.


                Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and leases of low-value assets
                are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases
                with a lease term of 12 months. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                furniture.


         43.28 Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                Financial liabilities are recognised when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                the instrument. At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial liability at its fair value plus
                or minus, in the case of a financial liability not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are incremental and
                directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial liability, such as fees and commissions.
                Transaction costs of financial liabilities carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit and loss.


                Financial liabilities at FVTPL includes derivatives and financial liabilities designated as FVTPL. The Group
                shall present a gain or loss on those financial liabilities designated as at FVTPL as follows: the amount
                of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of
                that liability shall be presented in other comprehensive income, and the remaining amount of change
                in the fair value of the liability shall be presented in profit or loss unless the treatment of the effects
                of changes in the liability’s credit risk would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or
                loss.


                The financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or expires.
                When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
                different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
                modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability.




250   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


43.   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)
      43.29 Related parties

            A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

            (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                   (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                   (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                   (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the
                            Group;


            or

            (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                   (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
                            or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


                   (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                   (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                            third entity;


                   (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                            Group or an entity related to the Group; (If the Group is itself such a plan) and the
                            sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;


                   (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                   (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                            the key
                            management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                   (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                            personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


      43.30 Contract liabilities

            A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier)
            from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are
            recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the
            related goods or services to the customer).




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   251
  FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                              December         December     December     December     December
                                                31,2025         31,2024      31,2023      31,2022       31,2021
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

  Total assets                                 3,099,684       2,280,685    2,384,306    2,529,172    2,082,061
  Total liabilities                            1,736,880       1,598,882    1,495,606    1,628,410    1,234,978
  Total equity                                 1,362,804        681,803      888,700      900,762       847,083
  Revenue                                       934,869         367,794      225,352       15,572              –
  Cost of sales                                  (89,591)        (74,824)     (28,277)      (2,005)            –
  Gross profit                                  845,278         292,970      197,075       13,567              –
  Other income                                       7,196         8,499        7,251      11,284        10,572
  Other expenses                                      (375)          (69)          (3)        (729)       (1,074)
  Selling and marketing expenses                (240,332)       (145,951)     (43,296)      (1,749)            –
  Administrative expenses                       (114,129)        (91,943)     (86,657)    (138,830)    (156,237)
  Research and development expenses             (400,708)       (437,697)    (458,073)    (524,285)    (791,210)
  Fair value changes on financial
      instruments at fair value
      through profit or loss                     (31,249)          5,077     174,976       (62,816)      (76,285)
  Other gains/(losses), net                     219,449          (21,651)    213,523          (924)       4,598
  Operating profit/(loss)                       285,130         (390,765)       4,796     (704,482)   (1,009,636)
  Finance (costs)/income, net                    (16,981)        (16,989)      (7,756)     37,272         (1,538)
  Share of loss of investments
      accounted for using the
      equity method                                  (7,513)     (16,439)     (27,341)     (32,231)      (17,695)
  Profit/(loss) before income tax               260,636         (424,193)     (30,301)    (699,441)   (1,028,869)




252    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
        DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS

“2024 Placing”        the placing of 51,170,000 H Shares of the Company at the price of HK$4.58 per
                      H Share under a general mandate approved at the 2022 annual general meeting,
                      completed on May 24, 2024


“2025 Placing”        the placing of 93,825,000 new H Shares of the Company at the price of
                      HK$5.02 per H Share under a general mandate approved at the 2024 annual
                      general meeting, completed on July 11, 2025


“AACR”                American Association for Cancer Research


“actual controller”   the individual or entity that can control a company by way of investment


“ADC”                 antibody drug conjugate, a class of biopharmaceutical drugs that combine
                      monoclonal antibodies specific to surface antigens present on particular tumor
                      cells with highly potent antitumor small molecule agents linked via a chemical
                      linker


“Adoption Date”       December 18, 2025, being the date on which the RSU Scheme is approved and
                      adopted by the Shareholders at a general meeting of the Company


“AGM”                 the annual general meeting of the Company for the year ended December 31,
                      2025 to be convened and held on May 19, 2026


“ArriVent”            ArriVent BioPharma, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company listed on
                      the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker symbol: AVBP) which, to the best knowledge
                      and belief of the Company, is independent of and not connected with the
                      Company and its connected persons (as defined under the Listing Rules)


“Articles”            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, modified or
                      supplemented from time to time


“ASCO”                American Society of Clinical Oncology


“ASH”                 American Society of Hematology


“associate(s)”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“AstraZeneca”         AstraZeneca AB, a global pharmaceutical company which, to the best knowledge
                      and belief of the Company, is independent of and not connected with the
                      Company and its connected persons (as defined under the Listing Rules)




                                                         Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   253
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “Audit Committee”                   the audit committee of the Board


  “Authorised Representative(s)”      the authorized representative(s) of the Company


  “B cell”                            a type of white blood cell that differs from other types of lymphocytes by
                                      expressing B cell receptors on its surface, and responsible for producing
                                      antibodies


  “Bacillus Calmette-Guerin” or       a type of bacteria that causes a reaction in a patient’s immune system that can
      “BCG”                           destroy cancer cells located in the lining of the bladder. It is also widely used as
                                      a vaccine against tuberculosis


  “BC”                                breast cancer


  “BD”                                business development


  “Beijing Houde Yimin”               Beijing Houde Yimin Investment Management Co., Ltd.（北京厚德義民投資管理
                                      有限公司）, a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on August 17,
                                      2009


  “Board Committee(s)”                the board committees of our Company, namely the Audit Committee, the
                                      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
                                      Strategy Committee


  “Board of Directors” or “Board”     the board of Directors of the Company


  “BTD”                               Breakthrough Therapy Designation


  “BTK”                               Bruton’s tyrosine kinase


  “CC”                                cervical cancer


  “CD20”                              a B-lymphocyte antigen that is expressed on the surface of B cells, starting at
                                      the pre-B cell stage and also on mature B cells in the bone marrow and in the
                                      periphery


  “CDE”                               藥品審評中心(the Center for Drug Evaluation* of the NMPA)




254   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                               DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“CDMO”                          contract development and manufacturing organization, a pharmaceutical
                                company that develops and manufactures drugs for other pharmaceutical
                                companies on a contractual basis


“CDX”                           Cell derived xenograft


“CG Code”                       the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“CG Oncology”                   CG Oncology, Inc. (previously known as Cold Genesys, Inc.), a clinical-stage
                                immuno-oncology company headquartered in the U.S., of which Lepu Medical
                                holds approximately 7.73% equity interest through Lepu Holdings Limited, a
                                company wholly owned by Lepu Medical, and Ms. Pu Jue（蒲珏）serves as a
                                director


“chemotherapy”                  a category of cancer treatment that uses one or more anti-cancer small molecule
                                chemical agents as part of its standardized regimen


“China”, “Mainland China” or    the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this annual report,
  “PRC”                         Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan


“CLDN18.2”                      Claudin 18.2, a highly specific tissue junction protein for gastric tissue


“CMC”                           chemistry, manufacturing, and controls processes in the development, licensure,
                                manufacturing, and ongoing marketing of pharmaceutical products


“combination therapy”           a treatment modality that combines two or more therapeutic agents


“Company” or “our Company”      Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.（樂普生物科技股份有限公司）, a joint stock company
  or “Lepu Biopharma”           incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, the H Shares of which are listed on
                                the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 2157)


“Company Law” or “PRC           the Company Law of the PRC           ), enacted by the
                                                         《（中華人民共和國公司法》
  Company Law”                  Standing Committee of the Eighth National People’s Congress on December 29,
                                1993 and effective on July 1, 1994, and subsequently amended on December
                                25, 1999, August 28, 2004, October 27, 2005, December 28, 2013 and October
                                26, 2018, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Companies Ordinance”           the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Compliance Adviser”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   255
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “connected person(s)”               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


  “Controlling Shareholder”           has the meaning ascribed under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                      otherwise requires, refers to Dr. Pu Zhongjie


  “Core Product(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for purposes
                                      of this report, our core products include MEIYOUHENG (Becotatug Vedotin
                                      Injection), MRG002 and PUYOUHENG (Pucotenlimab Injection)


  “CR”                                complete response, the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to
                                      treatment


  “CSCO”                              Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology


  “CSGO”                              Chinese Society of Gynecological Oncology


  “CSRC”                              China Securities Regulatory Commission（中國證券監督管理委員會）


  “CtM Bio”                           CtM Bio Co., Ltd.（ 樂普創一生物科技（上海）有限公司）, a limited liability
                                      company incorporated in the PRC on March 26, 2020, and our non-wholly
                                      owned subsidiary


  “Date of Grant”                     the date on which the Board resolves to make an Offer of that Share Award to
                                      the Participant, which date must be a business day


  “Director(s)”                       the director(s) of the Company


  “DLBCL”                             diffuse large B cell lymphoma


  “EGFR”                              epidermal growth factor receptor


  “EGM”                               extraordinary general meeting of the Company


  “Employee Participant(s)”           any director (including executive directors, non executive directors but not
                                      independent non-executive directors) and employee (whether full-time or part-
                                      time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any persons who
                                      are granted Share Awards under the Scheme as an inducement to enter into
                                      employment contracts with these companies), in each case provided that the
                                      Board considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the
                                      Group




256   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“ESMO”                  European Society for Medical Oncology


“Excalipoint”           Excalipoint Cayman and Excalipoint Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Limited (艾科
                        聯生物科技(上海)有限公司), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Excalipoint
                        Cayman


“Excalipoint Cayman”    Excalipoint Therapeutics Inc., a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands


“FDA”                   Food and Drug Administration of the United States


“FIC”                   first-in-class


“first-line” or “1L”    with respect to any disease, the first line therapy, which is the treatment regimen
                        or regimens that are generally accepted by the medical establishment for initial
                        treatment. It is also called primary treatment or therapy


“FISH”                  fluorescence in situ hybridization, a test that maps the genetic material in human
                        cells, including specific genes or portions of genes


“FPI”                   first-patient-in


“FTD”                   Fast Track Designation


“GC”                    gastric cancer


“GEJ”                   gastroesophageal junction


“GI cancer”             gastrointestinal cancer


“Global Offering”       the offer of the H Shares for subscription as described in the Prospectus


“GLP-1”                 glucagon-like peptide-1


“GMP”                   a system for ensuring that products are consistently produced and controlled
                        according to quality standards, which is designed to minimize the risks involved
                        in any pharmaceutical production that cannot be eliminated through testing
                        the final product. It is also the practice required in order to conform to the
                        guidelines recommended by agencies that control the authorization and licensing
                        of the manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products


“GPC-3”                 Glypican-3




                                                            Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   257
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “Grantee”                            any Employee Participant who accepts an Offer in accordance with the terms
                                       of the Scheme, or (where the context so permits) any person who is entitled
                                       in accordance with applicable laws of succession to any such Share Award
                                       in consequence of the death of the original Grantee, or the legal personal
                                       representative of such person


  “Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”         the Company and its subsidiaries


  “HanX”                               H a n g z h o u H a n X B i o m e d i c a l C o . , L t d .（ 杭州翰思生物醫藥有限公司）, a
                                       limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on August 3, 2016, which
                                       is a biopharmaceutical company principally engaged in biological products,
                                       biotechnology, medical technology development and consulting, and held by
                                       Mr. Zhang Faming, the former director of Miracogen Shanghai as to 53.75%
                                       and four Independent Third Parties as to 46.25% in aggregate with each
                                       Independent Third Party holding no more than 20% of the equity interest of
                                       HanX


  “HealSun Biopharma”                  Hangzhou HealSun Biopharma Co., Ltd.（杭州皓陽生物技術有限公司）, a limited
                                       liability company incorporated in the PRC


  “HER2”                               human epidermal growth factor receptor 2


  “HER2-expressing”                    HER2 status of tumor cells identified with a test score of IHC 1+ or above


  “HER2 over-expressing” or            HER2 status of tumor cells identified with a test score of either IHC 3+ or (IHC
      “HER2-positive”                  2+ plus FISH (or ISH)+)


  “HG-EFS”                             High-Grade Event-Free Survival


  “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars”         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


  “HNSCC”                              head and neck squamous cell carcinoma


  “Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


  “H Share(s)”                         overseas listed foreign invested ordinary share(s) in the ordinary share capital of
                                       the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, listed on the Main Board
                                       of the Stock Exchange


  “H Share Registrar”                  Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited




258    Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                 DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“IFRS”                            International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards,
                                  amendments and interpretations issued by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board


“IgG”                             human immunoglobulin G, the most common antibody type found in blood
                                  circulation that plays an important role in antibody-based immunity against
                                  invading pathogens


“IgG4”                            immunoglobulin G subclass 4


“IHC”                             immunohistochemistry, the most common application of immunostaining. It
                                  involves the process of selectively identifying antigens in cells of a tissue section
                                  by exploiting the principle of antibodies binding specifically to antigens in
                                  biological tissues


“IND”                             investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                  clinical trial application in China or the U.S.


“Independent Shareholder(s)”      the Shareholders other than Lepu Medical and Ningbo Houde Yimin


“Independent Third Party(ies)”    person(s) or company(ies) and their respective ultimate beneficial owner(s), who/
                                  which, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having
                                  made all reasonable enquiries, is/are not a connected person of the Company
                                  within the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Intellectual Property Assignment the framework agreement in respect of the transfer or grant certain rights and
and License Agreement”            interests over the Target Products to, among other things, allow Excalipoint to
                                  conduct R&D, register, manufacture, and commercialize the Target Products.
                                  entered into between the Company and Excalipoint on August 1, 2025


“IO”                              immuno-oncology


“I-Mab Shanghai”                  I-Mab Biopharma Co., Ltd.（天境生物科技（上海）有限公司）, a limited liability
                                  company incorporated in the PRC on August 24, 2016, as the case may be, its
                                  affiliated entities


“Keymed”                          Keymed Bioscience (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.（康諾亞生物醫藥科技（成都）有限公司）,
                                  a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on September 1, 2016, which
                                  is a third-party biotechnology company focusing on the inhouse discovery and
                                  development of innovative biological therapies in the autoimmune and oncology
                                  therapeutic areas




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   259
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “KOL”                               key opinion leader, who are professionals that influence their peers’ medical
                                      practice, including but not limited to prescribing behavior


  “KYM”                               KYM Biosciences Inc., a Delaware corporation and a joint venture formed in the
                                      U.S. by Keymed and our Group


  “LA”                                locally advanced


  “LBA”                               Late-Breaking Abstracts


  “Latest Practicable Date”           April 21, 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this
                                      annual report for the purpose of ascertaining certain information contained in
                                      this annual report


  “Lepu Beijing”                      Lepu (Beijing) Biopharma Co., Ltd.（樂普（北京）生物科技有限公司）, a limited
                                      liability company incorporated in the PRC on July 30, 2018, and a wholly owned
                                      subsidiary of the Company


  “Lepu Medical”                      Lepu Medical Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.（樂普（北京）醫療器械股份有限公
                                      司）, a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC on June 11, 1999 and listed
                                      on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300003), and the promoter of the
                                      Company


  “Listing”                           the listing of the H Shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock
                                      Exchange


  “Listing Date”                      February 23, 2022


  “Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                      Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                      time


  “M1c”                               a classification that indicates distant metastasis in multiple organs


  “mAb”                               monoclonal antibody, an antibody generated by identical cells that are all clones
                                      of the same parent cell


  “Macau”                             the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC


  “Main Board”                        the Main Board of the Stock Exchange




260   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                       DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“mDoR”                  median duration of response


“metastatic”            in reference to any disease, including cancer, disease producing organisms or of
                        malignant or cancerous cells transferred to other parts of the body by way of the
                        blood or lymphatic vessels or membranous surfaces


“Miracogen HK”          Miracogen Limited, a limited liability company established under the laws
                        of Hong Kong and a special purpose investment vehicle wholly-owned by
                        Miracogen Inc., which in turn is a company wholly-owned by Dr. Hu Chaohong,
                        our executive Director and co-chief executive officer of our Company during the
                        Reporting Period


“Miracogen Shanghai”    Shanghai Miracogen Inc.（上海美雅珂生物技術有限責任公司）, a limited liability
                        company incorporated in the PRC on January 27, 2014, and a wholly owned
                        subsidiary of the Company


“MMAE”                  monomethyl auristatin E, a potent tubulin binder with a half maximal inhibitory
                        concentration (IC50) in the subnanomolar range


“Model Code”            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                        out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


“mOS”                   median overall survival


“mPFS”                  median progression free survival


“MRCT”                  multi-regional clinical trial


“MSI-H/dMMR”            high levels of microsatellite instability/deficient mismatch repair


“NDA”                   new drug application


“NHL”                   non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma


“Ningbo Houde Yimin”    Ningbo Houde Yimin Information Technology Co., Ltd.（寧波厚德義民信息科技有
                        限公司）, a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on March 29, 2017,
                        and the promoter of the Company


“NK Cell”               natural killer cell, a kind of cells that play important roles in immunity against
                        viruses and in the immune surveillance of tumors




                                                             Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   261
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “NMIBC”                             non-muscle invasive bladder cancer


  “NMPA”                              the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC（國家藥品監督管理局）


  “Nomination Committee”              the nomination committee of the Board


  “NPC”                               nasopharyngeal cancer


  “ODD”                               Orphan-drug Designation


  “Offer”                             the offer of the grant of a Share Award made in accordance with the Scheme


  “ORR”                               overall response rate


  “OS”                                overall survival


  “PC”                                pancreatic cancer


  “PD-1”                              programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor expressed on
                                      T cells, B cells and macrophages


  “PDAC”                              pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma


  “PD-L1”                             PD-1 ligand 1, which is a protein on the surface of a normal cell or a cancer cell
                                      that binds to its receptor, PD-1, on the surface of the T cell that causes the T cell
                                      to turn off its ability to kill the cancer cell


  “PD-L2”                             PD-1 ligand 2, which is a protein on the surface of a normal cell or a cancer cell
                                      that attaches to certain proteins on the surface of the T cell that causes the T
                                      cell to turn off its ability to kill the cancer cell


  “PDX”                               patient derived xenografts, models of cancer where the tissue or cells from a
                                      patient’s tumor are implanted into an immunodeficient mouse


  “PFS”                               progression-free-survival


  “Pgp”                               a drug transporter which plays important roles in multidrug resistance and drug
                                      pharmacokinetics




262   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                    DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“Phase I clinical trial(s)” or       study in which a drug is introduced into healthy human subjects or patients
  “Phase I clinical study(ies)”      with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance,
                                     absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion, and if possible, to gain an early
                                     indication of its effectiveness


“Phase II clinical trial(s)” or      study in which a drug is administered to a limited patient population to identify
  “Phase II clinical study(ies)”     possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of
                                     the product for specific targeted diseases, and to determine dosage tolerance
                                     and optimal dosage


“Phase III clinical trial(s)” or     study in which a drug is administered to an expanded patient population
  “Phase III clinical study(ies)”    generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical
                                     trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of
                                     the product for approval, to provide adequate information for the labelling of
                                     the product


“placebo”                            any dummy medical treatment administered to the control group in a controlled
                                     clinical trial in order that the specific and non-specific effects of the experimental
                                     treatment can be distinguished


“PRC Legal Adviser”                  Zhong Lun Law Firm, our legal adviser as to the laws of the PRC


“pre-clinical studies”               studies or programs testing a drug on non-human subjects, to gather efficacy,
                                     toxicity, pharmacokinetic and safety information and to decide whether the drug
                                     is ready for clinical trials


“Prospectus”                         the prospectus issued by the Company dated February 10, 2022


“registrational trial”               a clinical trial or study intended to provide evidence for a drug marketing
                                     approval


“Remuneration and                    the remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board
  Appraisal Committee”


“Reporting Period”                   the year ended December 31, 2025


“Restricted Share Unit Scheme”       the restricted share unit scheme adopted by the Company in accordance with
  or “RSU Scheme”                    the RSU Scheme Rules


“RMB”                                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC




                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.    263
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “R/M”                               recurrent/metastatic


  “R/R”                               relapsed/refractory


  “RSU Scheme Rules”                  the rules relating to the RSU Scheme as amended from time to time


  “R&D”                               research and development


  “Scheme Mandate Limit”              has the meaning given to that term in the Scheme


  “second-line” or “2L”               with respect to any disease, the therapy or therapies that are tried when the
                                      first-line treatments do not work adequately


  “SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong,
                                      as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


  “Shanghai Lvyuan”                   Lvyuan (Shanghai) Technology Co., Ltd.（律元（上海）科技有限公司）, a limited
                                      liability company incorporated in the PRC on April 11, 2019, and the promoter
                                      of our Company


  “Shanghai Stock Exchange”           the Shanghai Stock Exchange（上海證券交易所）


  “Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of the Shares


  “Share(s)”                          shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                      each, comprising H Shares


  “Share Award(s)”                    an award of H Shares granted pursuant to the RSU Scheme


  “Shenzhen Stock Exchange”           the Shenzhen Stock Exchange（深圳證券交易所）


  “solid tumors”                      an abnormal mass of tissue that usually does not contain cysts or liquid areas.
                                      Solid tumors may be benign (not cancer), or malignant (cancer). Different types
                                      of solid tumors are named for the type of cells that form them


  “Stock Exchange”                    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


  “Strategy Committee”                the strategy committee of the Company


  “subsidiaries”                      has the meaning ascribed to it in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


  “substantial shareholder(s)”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules




264   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                          DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



“Supervisor(s)”            supervisor(s) of the Company


“Supervisory Committee”    the supervisory committee of the Company


“Taizhou Aoke”             Taizhou Houde Aoke Technology Co., Ltd. (泰州厚德奧科科技有限公司), a
                           limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on March 23, 2018, and a
                           non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“Taizhou Hanzhong”         Taizhou Hanzhong Biotechnology Co., Ltd.


“Target Products”          the pharmaceutical preparation or products under the Intellectual Property
                           Assignment and License Agreement:


                           (1)   CTM012 and its candidate molecules, together with other antibody
                                 products with the same target as CTM012 and any optimized, modified,
                                 improved, altered, substituted or derivative products of the aforementioned
                                 in the form of a T-cell engager;


                           (2)   CTM013 and its candidate molecules, together with other antibody
                                 products with the same target as CTM013 and any optimized, modified,
                                 improved, altered, substituted or derivative products of the aforementioned
                                 in the form of a T-cell engager; and


                           (3)   all T cell engager products developed by Excalipoint (independently or
                                 through third parties) based on the transferred patents and/or the licensed
                                 patents, including any subsequent, optimized, modified, improved, altered,
                                 substituted or derivative T cell engager products,


                           but does not include any ADC product candidates and the follow on pipelines
                           optimized, modified, improved, altered, substituted or derived from any of such
                           ADC product candidates as defined under the Intellectual Property Assignment
                           and License Agreement.


“T cell”                   a lymphocyte of a type produced or processed by the thymus gland and actively
                           participating in the immune response, which plays a central role in cell-mediated
                           immunity. T cells can be distinguished from other lymphocytes, such as B cells
                           and NK cells, by the presence of a T cell receptor on the cell surface


“Ta/T1 Disease”            non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer that has not progressed to muscle-invasive
                           disease


“TCE assets”               CTM012 and CTM013




                                                               Annual Report 2025 Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd.   265
  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS



  “TCR”                                a protein complex found on the surface of T cells that is responsible for
                                       recognizing fragments of antigen as peptides bound to major histocompatibility
                                       complex molecules


  “tissue factor” or “TF”              a protein encoded by the F3 gene, present in subendothelial tissue and
                                       leukocytes. Many cancer cells express high level of TF


  “TNBC”                               triple-negative breast cancer


  “topoisomerase I inhibitor”          a chemical compound that blocks the action of type I topoisomerases


  “Trust”                              the trust constituted or to be constituted by the Trust Deed


  “Trust Deed”                         a trust deed entered or to be entered into between the Company and the
                                       Trustee (as restated, supplemented and amended from time to time) in respect
                                       of the Scheme


  “Trustee(s)”                         the trustee or trustee(s) (which is/are independent of and not connected with the
                                       Company) appointed or to be appointed by the Company for the administration
                                       of the Scheme or any additional or replacement trustee(s)


  “Treasury Shares”                    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


  “UC”                                 urothelial cancer


  “United States” or “the U.S.”        the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the
                                       United States, and the District of Columbia


  “US$”                                United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


  “vc linker”                          valine-citrulline linker, which is adequately stable in blood circulation and cleaved
                                       effectively by the lysosomal cathepsin enzyme after the ADC is internalized and
                                       enters lysosome


  “%”                                  per cent

  * For identification purposes only




266   Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
