(A joint stock company established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock code : 1333




2025
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
2     CORPORATE INFORMATION
4     CORPORATE PROFILE
5     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
8     FINANCIAL AND OPERATION HIGHLIGHTS
9     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
24    DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
33    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
57    REPORT OF THE BOARD
85    2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
149   DEFINITIONS
152   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
159   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
160   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
161   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
163   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
164   CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
165   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
236   FINANCIAL SUMMARY
2   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    1. CORPORATE INFORMATION



    CHINESE COMPANY NAME                                 COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD
                                                         OF DIRECTORS
    博雷頓科技股份公司
                                                         AUDIT COMMITTEE
    ENGLISH COMPANY NAME
                                                         Dr. Jiang Bailing (Chairman)
    Breton Technology Co., Ltd.                          Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry
                                                         Dr. Li Xiaofu (Resigned on February 5, 2026)
    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                   Mr. Gui Zhenhua (Appointed on February 5, 2026)

    Executive Directors                                  NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                         Dr. Li Xiaofu (Chairman) (Resigned on February 5, 2026)
    Mr. Chen Fangming (Chairman of the Board and         Mr. Gui Zhenhua (Chairman)
      General Manager)                                     (Appointed on February 5, 2026)
    Mr. Qiu Debo                                         Ms. Yang Hui
    Mr. Sun Kanghua                                      Dr. Jiang Bailing
    Ms. Yang Hui
                                                         REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE
    Non-executive Directors
                                                         Mr. Zhou Yuan (Chairman)
    Mr. Cao Haiyi                                        Mr. Chen Fangming
    Mr. Wang Zhenkun                                     Dr. Jiang Bailing

    Independent Non-executive Directors                  STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Mr. Zhou Yuan                                        Mr. Chen Fangming (Chairman)
    Dr. Li Xiaofu (Resigned on February 5, 2026)         Mr. Qiu Debo
    Mr. Gui Zhenhua (Appointed on February 5, 2026)      Mr. Zhou Yuan
    Dr. Jiang Bailing
    Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry                              JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Supervisors                                          Mr. Liu Xingyu (Resigned on January 9, 2026)
                                                         Mr. Zhang Fei (Appointed on January 9, 2026)
    Mr. Liu Yudong                                       Ms. Shum Kit Han
     (Retired upon the abolition of the Supervisory
      Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026)      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Wang Yanzhen
      (Retired upon the abolition of the Supervisory     Mr. Sun Kanghua
      Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026)      Ms. Shum Kit Han
    Ms. Sun Wenxu
      (Retired upon the abolition of the Supervisory
      Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026)
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   3




1. CORPORATE INFORMATION



REGISTERED OFFICE AND                                          LEGAL ADVISOR
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                               As to Hong Kong law
Principal Place of Business in Mainland China
                                                               Haiwen & Partners LLP
Room 208, 2/F, Block 3, No. 168 Shennan Road, Minhang          Rooms 601-602 & 610-616, 6/F, One International Finance
District, Shanghai, PRC                                        Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong

Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong                       COMPANY’S WEBSITE

Room 1912, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue,              Official Website: www.breton.top
Causeway Bay, Hong Kong                                        Investor Relations Email: ir@ breton.top

H SHARE REGISTRAR IN HONG                                      STOCK CODE
KONG
                                                               Stock Code on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 1333.HK
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
Kong

PRINCIPAL BANKS

China Merchants Bank Shanghai Hualing Branch
No. 1092, Hualing Road, Baoshan District, Shanghai, PRC

Agricultural Bank of China Shanghai Jinqiao Branch
No. 188, New Jinqiao Road, Pudong New District,
Shanghai, PRC

AUDITOR

KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
8th Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central, Hong
Kong

COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Gram Capital Limited
Room 1209, 12/F, Nan Fung Tower, 88 Connaught Road
Central/173 Des Voeux Road Central, Central, Hong Kong
4   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    2. CORPORATE PROFILE



    About US

    Breton is a comprehensive solution provider focusing on zero-carbon and smart mines, committed to building a one-
    stop green and intelligent operation system for global mining customers. With electrification and intelligence as its core
    directions, the Company deeply integrates its design, research and development (“R&D”) and manufacturing capabilities
    to develop electric construction machinery capable of autonomous operation, while providing intelligent operation
    technologies and photovoltaic (“PV”) energy storage services, establishing a full-industry-chain value ecosystem covering
    “energy supply – equipment application – intelligent driving”.

    Relying on its technological accumulation and industry insights from early deep cultivation in the mining equipment sector,
    the Company has become a leading manufacturer of battery-electric wide-body dump trucks and battery-electric loaders,
    establishing a leading position in the industry. According to CIC data, from 2022 to 2024, the Company ranked first globally
    for three consecutive years in shipments of battery-electric wide-body dump trucks with a battery capacity exceeding
    650kWh, demonstrating a sustained leading market competitiveness in its core products. In the field of unmanned mining
    operations, the Company has continuously increased investment in technological R&D and taken the lead in achieving
    industrial breakthroughs. According to CIC data, the Company is the first manufacturer in China to launch battery-electric
    mining wide-body dump trucks equipped with autonomous operation systems and battery-electric loaders with remote
    operation technology to the market, providing key equipment support for the intelligent transformation of mines.

    Meanwhile, in response to the global development trend of green energy, the Company has actively responded to
    the clean energy demand of overseas mining customers. It is accelerating the commercialization of energy services
    for grid-forming photovoltaic energy storage power stations, further expanding its global business landscape of
    “energy+equipment+services” and striving to become a world-leading comprehensive service provider for zero-carbon
    smart mines.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       5




3. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

It is my great pleasure to present the Company’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The year 2025 marked a milestone in the Company’s development. During the year, we successfully listed on the Main
Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, establishing ourselves as the first listed company focused on
“zero-carbon mining robots”, and were included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index. Beyond these
milestones, we drove synergistic progress across our three strategic pillars: battery-electric mining trucks, unmanned
driving, and PV-storage micro-grids. These achievements have accelerated our transformation from an equipment
manufacturer into a world-leading comprehensive service provider for zero-carbon smart mines. For the full year, we
recorded revenue of approximately RMB779 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.7%. Our gross margin
improved from 5.8% to 11.1%, reflecting continued optimization of our business mix.

I.    Business Highlights Review

      Battery-electric mining trucks: In the context of green mining, with increasingly stringent environmental policies
      and energy-saving regulations being introduced, new energy powertrains are replacing traditional fossil fuels. This
      transition not only reduces emissions but also enhances operational efficiency and significantly lowers energy costs.
      Notably, the cost-saving benefits of electrification are even more pronounced in larger-tonnage dump trucks. The
      market for new energy wide-body trucks in China has continued its rapid expansion alongside rising penetration
      rates. In 2025, the Company’s battery-electric mining truck business achieved remarkable growth, surging by nearly
      80% year-on-year. Revenue from battery-electric wide-body dump trucks accounted for 82.9% of total annual
      revenue, with the proportion of high-end models (large-tonnage units with high-capacity batteries) increasing from
      50% to 67%. Furthermore, the Company signed long-term strategic cooperation agreements with industry leaders
      engaged in mining area operation, cementing its position in the first tier of the industry for large-scale commercial
      deployment capabilities.

      Unmanned driving: In 2025, unmanned driving served as the core strategic track for the Company’s strategic
      investment and breakthrough upgrades. It also acted as a pivotal enabler in our drive to transform the mining
      industry from standalone equipment electrification to full-scenario intelligence. Over the past year, facing the vast
      opportunities of global mining intelligence transformation and the challenges of industry technology iteration, we
      focused on the core themes of restructuring our technology system, consolidating our talent foundation, and
      promoting commercial deployment. Through this, we achieved a critical leap from technical trials to scenario
      applications in the field of unmanned driving. In November 2025, the Company launched the cabless dedicated
      mining truck 9M145E, which was forward-developed starting with autonomous driving. From its structure to its
      line-control system, it was completely reconstructed based on the requirements of unmanned operations. At the
      same time, we innovatively applied mature and validated end-to-end large model technology from the passenger
      vehicle sector to the development of autonomous driving algorithms and models for closed mining scenarios. Based
      on massive amounts of real-world mining operation data, we fully self-developed an E2E autonomous driving large
      model adapted to extreme mining conditions, achieving continuous inference and end-to-end optimization across
      the full chain of perception, decision-making and control.
6   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    3. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


          Overseas Business: In 2025, we continued to advance the implementation of our integrated overseas strategy
          of “PV-storage + battery-electric mining trucks + unmanned driving”. We delivered 31 pure electric dump trucks in
          a single batch to a copper-cobalt mining area in Zambia, Africa. This was not only the Company’s first large-scale
          overseas order for battery-electric mining trucks since its listing, but also among the first batches of Chinese
          battery-electric mining truck products to be deployed in the African mining market in a single large shipment,
          marking the formal comprehensive recognition of our electric mining equipment by major overseas mining projects.
          At the same time, addressing the industry dilemma of weak grid infrastructure in Africa and the widespread reliance
          on expensive diesel power generation in mining areas, we launched a grid-forming PV-storage micro-grid solution
          specifically designed for overseas mining scenarios. This solution can autonomously establish voltage and frequency
          in fully off-grid or weak-grid environments to achieve stable and reliable power supply. It not only provides
          zero-carbon power assurance for the large-scale operation of battery-electric mining trucks but also fundamentally
          reduces the comprehensive energy costs for mining customers. Across the DRC, Sierra Leone, Zimbabwe, and
          Zambia, the Company has deployed hundred-megawatt solar and energy storage projects. The Dizwa smart
          microgrid in the DRC (76MWp PV + 100MWh storage) is nearing completion, while the Ruashi microgrid project
          has also made substantial progress. As these assets come online, our PV-storage power operations are poised to
          become a new growth engine for the Company, continuously contributing stable electricity revenue.

    II.   Industry Trends and Strategic Outlook

          The mining industry is currently embracing a historic opportunity driven by the deep convergence of electrification
          and intelligence. As battery-electric mining trucks demonstrate increasingly significant economic benefits on the
          cost side, the penetration rate of mining truck electrification will accelerate. Meanwhile, the industry generally
          believes that 2025 is the first year of large-scale application of unmanned driving in mining. Looking ahead, Breton’s
          strategic path will focus on three key directions:

          Battery-electric mining trucks: cementing industry leadership. We will continue to expand our market
          advantages in high-capacity battery and high load tonnage products. By accelerating the R&D and mass production
          of models exceeding 145 tonnes, we aim to further increase our market share and consolidate our position at the
          forefront of the industry.

          Unmanned driving: launching full-scale commercialization. 2026 will be a pivotal year for the large-scale
          deployment of our unmanned driving business. Leveraging our core demonstration projects in key mining areas as
          benchmarks, we will accelerate large-scale replication in mining areas nationwide and even globally, and promote
          the large-scale implementation of unmanned solutions.

          Overseas business: harvest phase in full swing. With multiple hundred-megawatt solar and energy storage
          projects in Africa coming online in succession, our PV-storage power operations are set to deliver steadily growing
          cash flow. Simultaneously, it provides green energy assurance for the large-scale deployment of unmanned mining
          trucks, establishing a closed loop of “energy + equipment + services”.
                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       7




3. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


  Looking ahead, Breton aims to evolve into an AI-driven new energy and resource services company. Specifically,
  the battery-electric mining truck business will continue to consolidate the Company’s core foundation, constantly
  refining our product portfolio and technological barriers. The AI-driven unmanned driving business, leveraging the
  end-to-end autonomous driving model as its core enabler, will persistently reshape mining production organization
  and operational paradigms, building a differentiated technological moat and a second growth curve for the
  Company. In addition, the PV-storage micro-grid business will construct an independent, controllable green energy
  supply system tailored for mining scenarios, providing stable zero-carbon power assurance for electric equipment
  and intelligent operations, and open a new track for long-term, stable cash flow. These three segments are deeply
  coupled, mutually empowering, and reciprocally reinforcing, establishing Breton as one of the few enterprises in
  the mining sector capable of delivering full-chain, systematic solutions encompassing “clean energy + intelligent
  equipment + intelligent operation and maintenance services”.

  We are grateful for the long-standing trust and support from our shareholders, and for the dedication of all our
  employees. Standing at the threshold of a new era, Breton remains committed to long-termism and pragmatism
  – making energy cleaner and production smarter – as we invite our shareholders to witness the great revolution in
  mining toward a “data – and intelligence-driven” future.

  Chen Fangming
  Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and General Manager
  March 30, 2026
8   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    4. FINANCIAL AND OPERATION HIGHLIGHTS



    Operation Information

    During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB779.5 million, representing an increase of 22.7% as
    compared to RMB635.5 million for the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the sustained growth in market
    demand for battery-electric wide-body dump trucks. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s revenue
    by type and its percentage of total revenue for the periods as indicated:

                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                        2025                      2024                     Change
                                                  RMB’000             %     RMB’000             %     RMB’000             %


    Product sales:
      Battery-electric wide-body dump trucks       646,087        82.9%      364,588        57.4%      281,499        77.2%
      Battery-electric loaders                      96,656        12.4%      224,197        35.3%     -127,541       -56.9%
      Battery-electric tractor trucks                1,073         0.1%        7,035         1.1%       -5,962       -84.7%
      Spare parts and accessories                   24,448         3.1%       25,688         4.0%       -1,240        -4.8%
    Sub-total                                      768,264        98.5%      621,508        97.8%      146,756        23.6%


    Rendering of services                             2,207        0.3%         3,187        0.5%          -980      -30.8%


    Rental income                                     9,012        1.2%       10,762         1.7%         -1,750     -16.3%


    Total revenue                                  779,483      100.0%       635,457      100.0%       144,026        22.7%


    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                        For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


    Revenue                                                                                     779,483              635,457
    Gross profit                                                                                 86,174               36,839
    Gross profit margin                                                                          11.1%                 5.8%
    Loss before taxation                                                                        280,157              274,457
    Loss for the period                                                                         318,202              274,547


    For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s revenue was RMB779.5 million, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 22.7%; our gross profit was RMB86.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 133.9%; our gross profit
    margin was 11.1%, representing an increase of 5.3 percentage points compared with 2024; our loss for the period was
    RMB318.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.9%, such year-on-year increase in loss was mainly due to
    the increase in impairment losses on trade and other receivables, contract assets and financial guarantees issued, as well
    as the increase in provision for income tax expenses.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       9




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Overview of Results

Business Review

In 2025, the Company closely followed the development trend of the era centering on energy and intelligence. With R&D
and manufacturing of core equipment as its foundation, industrialization of autonomous driving as its driving engine, and
overseas market expansion as its growth driver, the three core business segments achieved remarkable results through
synergistic development. The competitiveness of its core products and global market layout capability continued to
improve, laying a solid foundation for the Company to enter a new stage of development.

I.     R&D and manufacturing of battery-electric engineering machinery: strategically focusing on
       battery-electric mining truck business to achieve rapid revenue growth

       In 2025, driven by China’s national “dual carbon” goals, the electric wide-body dump truck industry maintained
       rapid development. Leveraging its advantages in the new energy industrial chain, China continued to lead the global
       market, and the market penetration rate of new energy wide-body dump trucks kept rising. In terms of technical
       pathways, the industry showed an in-depth integration trend of “upsizing, electrification and unmanned operation”.
       Multiple technical routes including pure electric, hybrid and battery swapping developed in parallel, and models with
       a load capacity of over 100 tons became mainstream. Large-capacity lithium iron phosphate batteries, multi-stage
       energy recovery systems, intelligent connected cloud platforms and other core technologies achieved large-scale
       application, cutting the operating cost of each vehicle by more than 70% compared with fuel-powered vehicles.

       In 2025, the Company focused on the core application scenarios of mines, strategically optimized and focused
       on resources for the battery-electric engineering machinery business, and focused its core resources on the high-
       potential battery-electric wide-body dump trucks (battery-electric mining truck) business. The Company’s battery-
       electric mining trucks cover 105-tonne, 120-tonne, 135-tonne and 145-tonne series models, with continuous
       improvement in production technology, steady improvement in production capacity and supporting capacity, and
       excellent reliability of market-side products. Leveraging on the technology accumulation and customer advantages
       in the mining scene, this category achieved a substantial increase in revenue from RMB364,588,000 in 2024 to
       RMB646,087,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 77.2%, and the revenue proportion increased from
       57.4% to 82.9%, becoming the core driving force driving the growth of the Company’s product sales. At the same
       time, facing the operating challenges of fierce competition in the battery-electric loader market and pressure on
       gross profit margin, the Company proactively implemented strategic contraction, optimized production capacity and
       order structure, and the revenue of this category was adjusted from RMB224,197,000 in 2024 to RMB96,656,000,
       representing a year-on-year decrease of 56.9%, so as to ensure the profit quality and sustainable development of
       the overall business, and the business structure became healthier.

       In terms of product R&D, the Company completed multiple projects for mining trucks, including the 135-tonne
       range-extended model, battery-swap model and new-generation heavy-duty model, achieved cost reduction for the
       120-tonne in-house mass-produced model, and pressed ahead with the development of 145-tonne large-tonnage
       rigid frame, drive-by-wire pure electric and unmanned driving models. Meanwhile, upon completing the preliminary
       research on battery replacement and in-house frame manufacturing, it promoted the connection of external
       cooperation projects such as ultra-fast charging technology and unmanned driving solutions.
10   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     II.   Autonomous Driving Business: Accelerating Scenario Implementation and Building a Full-Link
           Intelligent Solution

           In 2025, the unmanned operation of battery-electric wide-body dump trucks officially entered the large-scale
           commercial application stage. New-generation models eliminate cabs at the initial design stage and restructure
           chassis and perception systems, realizing the underlying native integration of intelligent driving systems and vehicle
           control units. This is evolving vehicles from labor-replacing tools into autonomous intelligent operating entities with
           capabilities superior to manual operation. In practical operations, relying on 5G private networks and cloud control
           platforms, fleets comprising hundreds of pure electric unmanned mining trucks have achieved regular operation in
           multiple large open-pit mines. Meanwhile, relevant technologies have been successfully verified in extreme scenarios
           such as plateau and high-altitude areas, and started delivering solutions to overseas mines. This marks unmanned
           technology as a core driving force for the safe, efficient and green transformation of the mining industry.

           In 2025, the Company’s autonomous driving business achieved a critical leap from technical validation to scenario
           application. Prototype manufacturing of 135-tonne and 145-tonne unmanned driving mining trucks were completed,
           with field tests conducted in typical mining areas. The drive-by-wire chassis and unmanned driving system were
           efficiently integrated, achieving vehicle control precision and operational safety at industry-leading levels. The
           Company has deepened its cooperation with multiple leading industry enterprises, promoting a deep integration of
           unmanned driving technology with mining production processes.

           In technology R&D, the Company has broken through the industry’s traditional technical bottlenecks of 2D detection
           and preset path planning, the Company has charted a forward-looking technology R&D path encompassing 3D
           pre-fusion perception and full-link end-to-end models. The Company has planned a two-stage technology R&D
           path: Perception algorithms adopted a combination of 3D pre-fusion and 4D OCC (Occupancy), with a subsequent
           upgrade to a full-link end-to-end model; PNC (Planning and Control) algorithms adopted 3D spatio-temporal
           joint planning and hybrid algorithms, with the control end upgraded from LQR (Linear Quadratic Regulator)+PID
           (Proportional-Integral-Derivative Controller) to an MPC (Model Predictive Control)+LQR+PID redundant design, while
           simultaneously advancing cloud-based crowdsourced mapping SLAM (Simultaneous Localization and Mapping)
           output.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       11




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



III.   Overseas Business: Achieving Breakthroughs Through Diversified Layout and Gradually
       Forming a Global Market Operation System

       In 2025, mining microgrid solutions spearheaded by Chinese enterprises have seen accelerated implementation
       across Africa. A leading new energy firm took the lead in launching the integrated green mine microgrid solution.
       Guided by the core concept of localized adaptation, it has completed benchmark projects at iron mines in Guinea,
       copper mines in Zambia and gold mines in Zimbabwe. A major power engineering enterprise built a solar-storage-
       diesel hybrid microgrid at the Kambove Mining Area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, equipped with
       27MWp photovoltaic facilities and a 21.25MW/85MWh energy storage system, which has been fully commissioned
       and put into commercial power supply. In parallel, a Chinese gold mining operator commissioned the country’s first
       large-scale new energy demonstration power station at the Abuja Gold Mine in Côte d’Ivoire, West Africa. It has
       established a multi-energy complementary smart microgrid combining photovoltaic, energy storage, grid power and
       diesel power generation, enabling seamless on-grid and off-grid switching.

       The Company’s overseas business focused on regional markets with abundant mineral resources yet insufficient
       power supply and has established an integrated business model of “PV and energy storage power solutions +
       electric construction equipment”. For regions such as Africa and Southeast Asia which boast rich mineral resources
       but suffer from inadequate power supply and high electricity costs, the Company provided tailored power solutions
       including PV and energy storage power generation for local mining enterprises. Leveraging this as a gateway to
       collaboration, the Company has further extended its business to electric construction equipment such as battery-
       electric wide-body dump trucks, forming a closed business loop of energy and equipment synergy.

       In 2025, the Company focused on deepening its presence in the African market, achieving leapfrog breakthroughs
       in overseas market layout and commercial implementation, completed layout in key regions including the
       Democratic Republic of the Congo, Sierra Leone and Zimbabwe, achieved the construction of PV and energy
       storage power stations pending operation, and signed large-scale PPA projects. In addition, the Company has
       broken through traditional financing channels and deepened cooperation with professional financial institutions.
       It has completed fundamental arrangements such as the restructuring of its overseas business structure and
       promoted the simultaneous progress of multiple projects throughout their entire process. Its capabilities in overseas
       project execution and localized operation have continued to mature, fully preparing for the sustained expansion of
       its global business.
12   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Future Development and Strategies

     Our goal is to become an AI-driven new energy and resource service company. We aim to build a core technology platform
     that propels new energy mining equipment into the robotics era, deeply integrate the entire industrial chain resources of
     new energy mining equipment and unmanned mining, and fully empower the green and intelligent upgrading of the whole
     mining and transportation process in mines. We will continue to consolidate our dual-leading position in technology and
     market in the fields of new energy mining equipment and autonomous driving for mines. To achieve this goal, we plan to
     implement the following core development strategies:

     I.     Focus on Scenario-based Tiered Implementation, Deepen Product Matrix Upgrades, and
            Expand Overseas “Dual Expansion” Footprint

            We will develop tiered intelligent mine demonstration projects by promoting fully unmanned benchmark projects in
            large-scale mining areas and launching hybrid-operation transition models in small and medium-sized mining areas
            while achieving mass production and delivery of autonomous mining trucks, as well as phased implementation of
            key projects. We will continue to upgrade battery-electric wide-body dump trucks, complete the R&D and core
            component self-manufacturing breakthroughs for range-extended, battery-swapping, heavy-duty and other models,
            advance the development of large-tonnage rigid frames and specialized mining trucks adaptable to different
            operating conditions, and enrich our product matrix. Leveraging advantages in existing overseas markets, we will
            consolidate core regions such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia, explore emerging markets
            including Guinea and South Africa, establish in-depth partnerships with major state-owned enterprise (SOE) and
            central SOE customers, and enhance overseas influence through comprehensive capabilities.

            1.     Develop Tiered Intelligent Mine Demonstration Projects and Achieve Mass Production and
                   Delivery of Autonomous Mining Trucks: We will adopt differentiated project layouts for mining areas of
                   varying scales and operating conditions by building benchmark projects for “unmanned mining operations” at
                   large scale open pit mines and implementing a full-process system covering autonomous driving, intelligent
                   dispatching, and intelligent safety and environmental protection to surpass manual operation in work
                   efficiency; promoting demonstration projects of the “hybrid-operation transition models” at small and medium
                   sized mining areas to reduce the cost of intelligent transformation and rapidly improve the overall efficiency
                   of mining and transportation through mixed dispatching and collaborative operation between manned and
                   autonomous vehicles. Meanwhile, focusing on the core needs of key mining customers, we will achieve
                   mass production and delivery of autonomous mining trucks and the development of three demonstration
                   projects, prioritize phased delivery and implementation of key projects, realize stable operation of manned-
                   unmanned hybrid fleets, and gradually achieve 24/7 normalized unmanned operation in mines; concurrently
                   advance the development of fully autonomous vehicle control, switch to self-developed Vehicle Control Units
                   (VCUs), and launch external sales of self-developed intelligent chassis control modules.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        13




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      2.     Research, Develop and Launch Specialized Mining Trucks for Different Scenarios: Building on our
             existing battery-electric wide-body dump truck products, the Company will continue to intensify product
             R&D and upgrading. We have successfully completed multiple projects including range-extended, battery-
             swapping, and new-generation heavy-duty models, achieving cost reduction and efficiency improvement
             in our 120-tonne self-manufactured mass-produced vehicles, while making core breakthroughs in battery
             switching technology and frame self-production. Concurrently, we will advance the R&D of 145-tonne large-
             tonnage rigid frames, drive-by-wire battery electric models, and autonomous driving models. We will further
             develop specialized battery-electric wide-body dump trucks tailored to different mining scenarios such as
             open-pit coal mines, metal mines, and sand & aggregate mines, as well as different operating conditions
             including short-distance transfer, long-distance heavy haulage, and complex terrain operations. This will fully
             enrich our product matrix and enhance the scenario adaptability of our products.

      3.     Expand Both Overseas Existing and New Markets, and Establish In-Depth Partnerships with SOEs
             and Central SOEs: Leveraging our solid foundation in overseas PV-storage, vehicle sales and leasing
             businesses in 2025, we will consolidate our advantages in existing copper mine markets in the Democratic
             Republic of the Congo and Zambia, fully tap into mining truck demand from overseas mining customers,
             and explore emerging mineral markets such as Guinea and South Africa, to achieve coverage in core global
             mining regions. In parallel, we will closely engage with major SOE and central SOE customers going global,
             deepen partnerships with leading companies such as CNMC (中國有色) and Minmetals (五礦) to build a
             stable collaborative ecosystem. By leveraging our comprehensive capabilities encompassing “products +
             solutions + full lifecycle services,” we will enhance our industry influence in overseas PV-storage solutions.

II.   Build an Industrial Ecosystem for Mining Autonomous Driving and Forge Core Competitiveness
      Through Full-Chain Collaboration

      By introducing strategic investors and cooperating in industrial incubation funds, the Company will invest in
      upstream enterprises and reinvest proceeds into the R&D of autonomous driving technologies, forming a synergistic
      and win-win community of shared interests. It will further deepen strategic cooperation with core hardware
      suppliers to jointly develop customized mining products and establish a nationwide hardware maintenance system
      to lower operation and maintenance costs. In collaboration with research institutes and universities, the Company
      will conduct R&D on key technologies, focusing on breakthroughs in perception, dispatching, and large model
      algorithms, while jointly establishing talent training bases to enhance the reserve of technical personnel.

      1.     Industrial Ecosystem Incubation and Strategic Investment: By introducing strategic investors focused
             on mining business layout and establishing a special industrial incubation fund, the Company will deeply
             integrate external resources with internal R&D through investments in upstream enterprises. This will in turn
             support the iterative development of autonomous driving technologies, while forging a synergistic and win-
             win community of shared interests.
14   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            2.     Deep Cooperation with Core Hardware Suppliers: The Company will continue to strengthen strategic
                   cooperation with leading chip suppliers and core hardware providers including LiDAR, cameras and infrared
                   sensors. Leveraging Breton’s application experience in mining scenarios, it will jointly develop automotive-
                   grade and mining-customized hardware products with manufacturers, such as multispectral integrated
                   sensors and high-computing domain controllers adapted to harsh mining conditions; establish a stable
                   hardware supply chain system and cooperate with hardware maintenance enterprises to build a nationwide
                   hardware maintenance system in line with the layout of mining projects, thereby reducing equipment
                   operation and maintenance costs.

            3.     Deepened Technical Collaboration with Industry Research Institutes and Universities: The Company
                   will cooperate with domestic research institutes and universities in the fields of construction machinery,
                   artificial intelligence and automatic control to conduct joint R&D on core technologies for mining autonomous
                   driving, focusing on breakthroughs in key technologies including unstructured road perception, multi-vehicle
                   collaborative dispatching, and end-to-end large model algorithms; jointly build talent training bases to supply
                   professional technical talents for the unmanned mining sector and strengthen the talent reserve for technical
                   R&D.

     III.   Strengthen Technology R&D and Engineering Implementation Capabilities, Cultivate and
            Attract High-End Technical Talents, and Continuously Enhance Core Competitiveness and
            Brand Influence

            With independent technology R&D and engineering implementation as dual cores, the Company will continuously
            strengthen its technological R&D capabilities in mining autonomous driving and improve its talent development and
            attraction system. It will enhance core competencies across the entire process, including “algorithm R&D, hardware
            integration, project delivery, and operation services”. Meanwhile, through the development of benchmark projects
            and brand building, to elevate Breton’s brand influence in the global unmanned construction machinery equipment
            sector.

            1.     Drive Continued Breakthroughs in Core Technology R&D: Focusing on key technical pain points in
                   mining autonomous driving, the Company will achieve critical technological breakthroughs in 2026, including
                   automated calibration (vision sensors + Planning and Control (PNC)), full-site deployment of end-to-end
                   algorithms + RL algorithms, and dual software redundancy design, accomplish the mass production fusion
                   of tri-spectral features (camera + LiDAR + infrared) and deliver centimeter-level precision for pure vision
                   binocular algorithms; continuously optimize the Planning and Control – Reinforcement Learning (PNC-
                   RL) algorithm system, improve spatiotemporal Transformer trajectory prediction, multi-indicator trajectory
                   optimization, and hybrid control technologies such as Model Predictive Control, Linear Quadratic Regulator,
                   and Proportional-Integral-Derivative Controller (MPC + LQR + PID), enabling safe operation of autonomous
                   driving battery-electric wide-body dump trucks at a maximum speed of 40 km/h. In parallel, the Company
                   will promote standardized development of full-stack software covering perception, SLAM, fusion, prediction,
                   decision-making, planning and control, and complete the standardization of all testing and calibration tools,
                   to support project delivery and test data analysis nationwide.
                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         15




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


  2.   Focus on Engineering Implementation of Core Components and Products: Centered on the “Xiyu (曦
       馭)” autonomous driving battery-electric wide-body dump trucks, the “Ximou (曦眸)” all-weather perception
       system, and the “Xiheng (曦衡)” multi-modal large-model intelligent mine dispatching system, the Company
       will build a multi-level and full-cycle ecological service solution for intelligent mining. We will provide
       mining customers with full-chain solutions covering autonomous driving equipment deployment, intelligent
       dispatching system construction, roadside perception and high-precision positioning support, full-life cycle
       equipment operation and maintenance, and early warning for parts after sales; achieve precise coverage
       of small and medium-sized mining areas through lightweight service packages (such as truck dispatching
       systems and remote monitoring systems), and continuously deepen technology iteration and service
       penetration, to enhance customer stickiness. In 2026, the Company will build a full-link unmanned driving
       solution covering intelligent perception, intelligent control, intelligent driving, and smart dispatching, centered
       around five self-developed intelligent products including XiYu Mining Trucks (曦馭礦機), XiHeng Smart
       Dispatching (曦衡智調) and XiYu Smart Cabin (曦御智艙), laying the product foundation for mass production
       and installation and commercial application.

  3.   Enhance Project Delivery Capabilities: The delivery team will be capable of initiating work on two mines
       simultaneously and completing delivery of a single mine within one month; the operations team will be
       deployed in a tiered configuration based on mine scale, enabling 24/7 uninterrupted operations alongside a
       staff rotation mechanism. Concurrently, we will refine the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for project
       delivery covering the full process from mining area survey, solution design, equipment deployment, algorithm
       adaptation, and trial operation to normalized operation, so as to improve the delivery efficiency and quality
       through the standardized operating procedure.

  4.   Establish a Comprehensive Talent Development and Attraction System: To address key talent gaps
       in autonomous driving R&D, the Company will expand its R&D workforce, with a focus on attracting high-
       end technical professionals in decision-making and planning, software development, tool chain development,
       perception algorithms and related fields; establish the Breton Intelligent Driving Academy (博雷頓智能駕
       駛學院) to improve its talent development system, and continue investing in optimizing R&D and project
       management training programs to cultivate versatile professionals equipped with both technical expertise
       and mining scenario experience; create a talent development path covering “R&D – delivery – operation”
       and select outstanding R&D personnel for project delivery and operation management to achieve deeper
       integration of technology and practical scenarios; cooperate with universities to build autonomous driving
       internship bases and launch specialized talent development programs to provide a stable, long-term talent
       pool for the Company’s development.

  5.   Strengthen Brand Building and Industry Influence: Through external promotion of core achievements
       such as cabinless autonomous battery-electric wide-body dump trucks and benchmark projects for fully
       unmanned mining operations, to establish Breton as a technology leader in the field of mining autonomous
       driving; actively participate in industry exhibitions and academic exchanges in construction machinery and
       mine intelligence, release technical whitepapers on unmanned mining, and share practical implementation
       experience; revamp the Company’s official website and product presentation materials, add sections
       including product operation videos, user feedback, and cost calculation models to fully showcase the
       products and technological strengths of the Company, thereby enhancing brand professionalism and
       influence.
16   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     IV.   Continuously Improve Internal Management and Internal Control Systems and Strengthen
           Risk Management and Corporate Governance Frameworks to Drive Sustainable Corporate
           Development

           Placing great emphasis on the establishment of internal management and internal control systems, we will continue
           to establish a scientific, standardized, highly efficient and coordinated governance structure, while optimizing
           operational management mechanisms, risk control strategies and cost control systems.

           1.     Optimize Internal Operation and Management System: The Company will promote the digital
                  upgrading of its management and fully integrate its after-sales system, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning),
                  vehicle-to-everything and dispatching systems to form a digital closed loop for business-finance integration
                  and realize the electronic integration of after-sales management and financial reimbursement; establish
                  automated linkage and penetrating management between human resources and projects to improve
                  operational efficiency. Meanwhile, the procurement management system will be optimized with unified tiered
                  procurement of office equipment and establishment of a lean management mechanism, to effectively reduce
                  the Company’s operating costs.

           2.     Improve Risk Management and Control and Compliance Management Systems: The Company
                  will deeply integrate legal and compliance reviews into the entire process of project cooperation, contract
                  signing, product R&D and project delivery, and establish a closed-loop compliance control system covering
                  the pre-, mid– and post-stages of business operations; improve the regular violation accountability
                  mechanism, with the Internal Audit and Compliance Center taking the lead in audits and relevant
                  departments cooperating to implement accountability tracking, thereby forming an accountability chain of
                  problem identification, supervision and rectification, and closed-loop management. Meanwhile, the Company
                  will strengthen the risk prevention and control capabilities for project delivery and equipment operation and
                  maintenance by establishing a full-chain risk response system covering early warning for equipment fault,
                  emergency takeover and remote operation and maintenance, so as to fully ensure the safe and stable
                  operation of autonomous driving systems in mining.

           3.     Strengthen Cost Control and Supply Chain Management: The Company will establish a lean cost
                  control system to implement full-cycle cost optimization across the entire chain of hardware procurement,
                  R&D investment, project delivery and operation services; build a strategic coordination mechanism with
                  core suppliers to achieve cost reduction through large-scale procurement of core hardware via long-term
                  cooperation agreements. Meanwhile, the Company will improve the standardized platform for self-developed
                  hardware and software, establish a modular architecture, and continuously reduce the marginal costs of
                  R&D and production. It will also develop a forward-looking early warning mechanism for supply chain risks
                  and enhance resilience for the supply of core hardware and key components to ensure a secure and stable
                  supply chain.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      17




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Financial Review
•      Revenue

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB779.5 million, representing an increase of 22.7%
as compared to RMB635.5 million for the corresponding period in 2024. Such change was mainly attributable to the
increase in the revenue proportion of battery-electric wide-body dump trucks. In terms of revenue structure, the revenue
proportion of battery-electric wide-body dump trucks increased to 82.9% in 2025, among which the revenue proportion of
models with a power battery capacity exceeding 650kWh exceeded 80%, and models with autonomous driving functions
exceeded 25%. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s revenue by type and its percentage of total
revenue for the periods as indicated:

                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2025                               2024
                                                                              As a                                As a
                                                                       percentage                          percentage
                                                       RMB’000          of revenue         RMB’000          of revenue


Sales of products:
  Battery-electric wide-body dump trucks                 646,087            82.9%           364,588             57.4%
  Battery-electric loaders                                96,656            12.4%           224,197             35.3%
  Battery-electric tractor trucks                          1,073             0.1%             7,035              1.1%
  Spare parts and accessories                             24,448             3.1%            25,688              4.0%
Sub-total                                                768,264            98.5%           621,508             97.8%


Rendering of services                                      2,207             0.3%              3,187             0.5%


Rental income                                              9,012             1.2%             10,762             1.7%


Total revenue                                            779,483           100.0%           635,457           100.0%


•      Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit margin was 11.1%, representing an increase of 5.3 percentage
points as compared to 5.8% in 2024. This was mainly due to the increase in revenue proportion of battery-electric wide-
body dump trucks with higher gross profit margins.

•      Other Net Gains

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s other gains amounted to RMB6.0 million, mainly consisting of government grants
of RMB7.5 million. Other gains decreased by RMB18.7 million as compared with 2024, mainly due to a one-off gain of
RMB16.3 million recognized in 2024 from the disposal of an associate.
18   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Selling Expenses

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling expenses amounted to RMB67.6 million, representing an increase of
     13.2% as compared to RMB59.7 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to the
     corresponding rise in employee benefits and line with the business growth.


     •      Administrative Expenses

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to RMB98.9 million, representing a decrease
     of 9.5% as compared with RMB109.3 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the
     decline in share-based incentive expenses relating to the grant of restricted share units to employees.

     •      Research and Development Costs

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D expenses amounted to RMB69.7 million, representing a decrease of 14.7%
     as compared with RMB81.7 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction in
     outsourced R&D expenditures of the Group.


     •      Impairment Losses on Trade and Other Receivables, Contract Assets and Financial Guarantees
            Issued

     During the Reporting Period, the impairment losses on trade and other receivables, contract assets and financial
     guarantees issued by the Group amounted to RMB120.1 million, representing an increase of 44.5% as compared with
     RMB83.1 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth in the Group’s
     trade and other receivables and the higher provisioning rate applied to certain long-outstanding receivables.


     •      Finance Income

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance income amounted to RMB8.3 million, representing a decrease of 21.0%
     as compared with RMB10.5 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the decline in
     interest income from bank deposits.


     •      Finance Costs

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB18.8 million, representing an increase of 104.6%
     as compared with RMB9.2 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The increase was mainly due to the higher interest
     expenses on bank borrowings and finance leases.


     •      Income Tax Expense

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense was primarily derived from the provision for enterprise
     income tax on the current profits of certain subsidiaries.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        19




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•      Loss for the Period

As a result of the above, the Group’s loss for the year ended 2025 amounted to RMB318.2 million, representing an
increase of 15.9% as compared with the loss of RMB274.5 million for the year ended 2024.

•      Liquidity and Capital Resources

During the Reporting Period, our working capital was primarily sourced from cash inflows from operating activities, bank
borrowings, finance leases and equity financing. In accordance with our financial policies, our management monitors and
maintains a certain level of cash and bank balances to mitigate the impact of cash flow fluctuations.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total current assets amounted to RMB1,314.7 million (December 31,
2024: RMB1,019.6 million); the Group’s total current liabilities amounted to RMB1,196.2 million (December 31, 2024:
RMB665.1 million).

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB2,247.2 million (December 31, 2024:
RMB1,438.3 million); the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB1,440.2 million (December 31, 2024: RMB756.1 million).

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets and
multiplied by 100%) was 64.1% (as of December 31, 2024: 52.6%). Taking into account the Group’s current liquidity,
unutilised banking credit balances and expected cash inflows from operating activities, the Directors are of the opinion that
the Group has sufficient resources to meet its financial requirements for the present and the next 12 months.

•      Cash and Cash Equivalents

As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB350.3 million, representing an
increase of 75.8% compared with RMB199.3 million as of December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly due to the receipt
of proceeds from the Global Offering and the placement of new H Shares.

•      Pledged Bank Deposits

As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s pledged bank deposits amounted to RMB111.8 million, representing an increase of
RMB107.6 million compared with RMB4.2 million as of December 31, 2024. This increase was mainly due to an increase
in deposits provided to battery suppliers in line with increased procurement; and paid to PV and energy storage equipment
suppliers amid the expansion of the overseas micro-grid business.

•      Inventories

The Group’s inventories decreased from RMB259.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB179.2 million as of December
31, 2025. Inventories turnover days decreased from 161 days as of December 31, 2024 to 115 days as of December
31, 2025, primarily due to a faster inventory turnover as a result of an increase in sales and strengthened inventory
management during the Reporting Period.
20   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Trade and Other Receivables

     The Group’s trade and other receivables increased from RMB555.8 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB651.8 million
     as of December 31, 2025. The change was mainly due to the increase in bills receivable and deposits. Meanwhile, the
     growth rate of operating revenue outpaced that of trade receivables. As a result, trade receivables turnover days decreased
     from 236 days as of December 31, 2024 to 210 days as of December 31, 2025.

     •      Property, Plant and Equipment

     The Group’s expenditure on property, plant and equipment increased from RMB165.3 million as of December 31, 2024 to
     RMB507.9 million as of December 31, 2025. This was mainly due to the increase in investment in construction in progress
     for property, plant and equipment during the period.

     •      Material Investments/Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Asset

     As at 31 December 2025, we did not have any material investments or significant acquisitions.

     As disclosed in the section headed “Business” of the Prospectus, we are expanding PV storage and charging energy
     business in the international market, which may lead to an increase in investments in “PV-storage micro-grid” asset.
     On November 24, 2025, the Company completed the placing of an aggregate of 10,000,000 new H Shares, of which
     approximately 70% of the net proceeds are intended to be used for the investment in and development of the Group’s
     overseas PV storage and charging energy business. As at the Latest Practicable Date, save for the aforesaid plans, the
     disclosures set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, and the section headed
     “Use of Proceeds from the Placing” in the announcement of the Company dated November 24, 2025, the Group currently
     has no other plans for material investments or capital assets.

     •      Other Investments

     The Group’s other investments increased from RMB41.7 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB55.8 million as of
     December 31, 2025, mainly due to increase in the fair value of the Group’s equity investments recognized as financial
     assets.

     •      Significant Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Affiliates

     From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, we had no significant acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates
     and affiliates.

     •      Right-of-use Assets

     The Group’s right-of-use assets increased from RMB106.6 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB117.0 million as of
     December 31, 2025, mainly due to the lease expenditures for newly arose office spaces and overseas land use rights by
     the Group.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       21




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•      Trade and Other Payables

The Group’s trade and other payables increased from RMB374.5 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB632.7 million
as of December 31, 2025. This increase was mainly due to the expansion of overseas PV and energy storage micro-grid
projects, which led to a corresponding increase in trade payables for equipment and construction costs. Trade payables
turnover days increased from 139 days as of December 31, 2024 to 153 days as of December 31, 2025.

•      Loans and Borrowings

The Group’s loans and borrowings increased from RMB352.3 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB721.5 million as of
December 31, 2025, mainly due to the increased funding requirements arising from business development and expansion.

The balances of current and non-current loans and borrowings as of December 31, 2025 were RMB496.7 million and
RMB224.8 million respectively (2024: RMB267.2 million and RMB85.1 million), with weighted average interest rates of 3.7%
and 3.9% respectively (2024: 3.4% and 3.5%).

•      Provisions

The Group’s provisions increased from RMB16.5 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB19.1 million as of December 31,
2025, mainly due to an increase in warranty provisions as a result of higher product sales.

•      Lease Liabilities

The Group’s lease liabilities increased from RMB5.8 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB18.7 million as of December
31, 2025, mainly due to the lease of new office spaces and overseas land use rights.

•      Cash Flows

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a net cash outflow from operating activities of RMB174.6 million (2024:
net cash outflow of RMB270.0 million). Such change was mainly due to the enhanced management of the operating
cashflow of the Group, with the expansion of its business scale.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a net cash outflow from investing activities of RMB404.9 million (2024:
net cash outflow of RMB135.7 million). Such change was mainly due to increased expenditure on purchases of property,
plant and equipment, notably from the expansion of the overseas PV and energy storage micro-grid business.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a net cash inflow from financing activities of RMB730.6 million (2024: net
cash inflow of RMB182.8 million). Such change was mainly due to new loans and borrowings, the receipt of proceeds from
the Global Offering, and the placement of new H Shares obtained by the Group.
22   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Foreign Exchange Risk

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group was primarily exposed to foreign exchange risk because the proceeds
     from the Global Offering and the placement of new H Shares were denominated in Hong Kong dollars and certain bank
     deposits were denominated in U.S. dollars. The Group currently has not entered into any financial instruments for hedging
     purposes, nor has it used any currency borrowings or other hedging instruments to hedge foreign exchange risks.
     (December 31, 2024: nil). The Company’s management continued to monitor foreign exchange risk and will consider
     adopting appropriate hedging measures in the future when necessary.

     •      Provision of Financial Guarantees Issued

     Provision of financial guarantees issued includes the Group’s liability guarantees provided for certain customers, these
     customers funded their purchases of the Group’s products through finance leases provided by third-party leasing
     companies. As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to such guarantees was RMB505.5 million (2024:
     RMB344.1 million). During the year ended December 31, 2025, no customer default incurred (2024: nil).

     •      Contingent Liabilities

     As at December 31, 2025, save for the issued financial guarantees as disclosed above, the Group did not have any
     material contingent liabilities.

     •      Capital Commitments

     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had capital expenditures contracted for but not yet recognized of RMB 223.4 million,
     and capital expenditures authorized but not contracted of RMB27.5 million, primarily for capital expenditures relating to the
     purchase of plants and equipment as well as overseas PV and energy storage micro-grid projects.

     •      Pledge of Assets

     As at December 31, 2025, certain borrowings of the Group were secured by pledges of part of its plant and land use
     rights.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       23




5. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•      Employees and Remuneration Policy

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 346 employees (as at December 31, 2024: 372 employees). For
the year ended December 31, 2025, our staff costs amounted to approximately RMB130.3 million (for the year ended
December 31, 2024: RMB151.2 million). The employee remuneration policy of the Group is determined after taking into
account the overall salary level in the industry, employees’ performance and other factors.

To maintain competitiveness and expand its talent pool, the Group reviews and adjusts its remuneration policy from time to
time in response to market conditions. It is committed to providing employees with attractive remuneration packages and
a vibrant working environment. The Group also provides training for all employees to equip them with the necessary skills
to perform their duties and to assist them in achieving their personal career goals and aspirations. Furthermore, the Group
offers management and leadership training to suitable employees to further enhance organizational capabilities and drive
the Group towards its mission and growth objectives.

The Group recognizes the importance of employee career development in unleashing their full potential. We provide
excellent opportunities for employees through both on-the-job training and formal courses. The Group believes that
continuously fostering a unique corporate culture and increasing its investment in training will help enhance employee
cohesion and attract more talented people to join us.
24   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Fangming (陳方明), aged 44, the founder of our Group, was appointed as our executive Director in November
     2016, and was then appointed as the general manager of the Company in July 2018. He was further appointed as a
     Director and the chairman of the Board in October 2018. He was later re-designated as an executive Director in April
     2024, and is primarily responsible for the overall strategy planning and making key business and operational decisions of
     our Group. Mr. Chen currently holds various positions in our Group shown in the table below.

     Name of the companies                                        Position                            Date of appointment


     VOIE LACTEE ENERGIE S.A.S                                    president                                  February 2025
     Breton Energy Technology Zambia Limited                      director                                    January 2025
     Breton Corporation                                           director                                    January 2025
     Breton HK Holding Limited                                    director                                    January 2025
     Breton (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.                        executive director                        November 2024
       (博雷頓(北京)科技有限公司)
     Breton (Hong Kong) Technology Limited                        director                                  November 2024
     Breton (Wuhan) Technology Co., Ltd.                          the chairman of the board and                March 2023
       (博雷頓(武漢)科技有限公司)                                               the general manager
     Breton (Wuhan) New Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.                executive director                            March 2023
       (博雷頓(武漢)新能源裝備有限公司)
     Breton (Lanxi) New Energy Engineering Machinery Co., Ltd.    the chairman of the board and                January 2023
       (博雷頓(蘭溪)新能源工程機械有限公司)                                         the general manager
     Breton (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd.                          executive director and                      October 2022
       (博雷頓(湖南)科技有限公司)                                              the general manager
     Breton (Shandong) New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd                executive director and                          May 2020
       (博雷頓(山東)新能源汽車有限公司)                                           the general manager
     Breton Smart Electric (博雷頓智電)                                executive director and                          July 2019
                                                                    the general manager
     Breton Intelligent (博雷頓智能)                                   executive director                              June 2019
     Zhejiang Breton Technology Co., Ltd.                         executive director and manager                  April 2019
       (浙江博雷頓科技有限公司)
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       25




6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Chen has over ten years of experience in commerce, investment and business management. Prior to joining our
Group, Mr. Chen served as the chairman of the board and the general manager of Shanghai Breton Investment Group
Co., Ltd. from June 2009 to November 2016. During his tenure in Shanghai Yijin, Mr. Chen led investment in over 20
companies covering new energy and advanced manufacturing sectors. Prior to his tenure in Shanghai Yijin, Mr. Chen
worked at several private companies in Shanghai, which mainly engaged in commerce and investment activities, and
gained considerable experience.

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering mechanics from South China University of Technology (華南理工
大學) in July 2004. He was awarded the honorary Shanghai May 1st Labor Medal (上海市五一勞動獎章) by the Shanghai
Federation of Trade Unions (上海市總工會) in December 2019.

Mr. Qiu Debo (邱德波), aged 62, has been the president from August 2021, and is primarily responsible for the overall
management. He was appointed as a Director in August 2022. He was later re-designated as an executive Director in April
2024. He also serves as an executive director of our subsidiary, namely Breton (Wuhan) Technology Co., Ltd. (博雷頓(武漢)
科技有限公司) since March 2023.

Mr. Qiu has over 25 years of experience in business management. He has been an executive director since October 2017
at Shanghai Zhongmin Business Management Co., Ltd. (上海眾民商業管理有限公司). From November 2005 to March
2016, he served as the party secretary, an executive director, chief executive officer and president at Lonking Holdings
Limited (中國龍工控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3339). From August 1997 to
October 2005, he served as a general manager of Fujian Lonking Group Co., Ltd. (福建龍工集團有限公司). From October
1992 to May 1997, he served as a section chief of publicity department and director of the party committee office at Fujian
Longgang Enterprise Group Company (福建龍鋼集團).

Mr. Qiu obtained an associate’s degree in Chinese language and literature from Fujian Normal University (福建師範大學)
in October 1986, a master’s degree in executive business administration (EMBA) from Shanghai Jiaotong University (上海
交通大學) in December 2006 and a doctorate degree in business administration (DBA) from Grenoble Graduate School of
Business through attending online courses in France in May 2012. Mr. Qiu was awarded the National Machinery Industry
Excellent Entrepreneur (全國機械工業優秀企業家) by China Machinery Industry Federation (中國機械工業聯合會) in June
2007. He was accredited as a senior economist by Fujian Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Security
(福建省人力資源和社會保障廳) in December 1999.

Mr. Sun Kanghua (孫康華), aged 47, was appointed as a Director in November 2022. He was later re-designated as an
executive Director in April 2024, and is primarily responsible for the overall financial management and financial matters.
He also serves as a supervisor of our subsidiaries, namely Breton (Wuhan) Technology Co., Ltd. and Breton (Wuhan) New
Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. since March 2023.

Mr. Sun has over ten years of experience in financial management. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Sun served as the chief
financial manager of the intelligence department at Shanghai Hi-Tech Control System Co., Ltd. (上海海得控制系統股份
有限公司) from January 2016 to August 2019. From January 2011 to January 2016, he served as a finance manager at
KION Baoli (Jiangsu) Forklift Co., Ltd. (凱傲寶驪(江蘇)叉車有限公司).

Mr. Sun received an associate’s degree in accounting for foreign enterprises from Nanjing University of Finance and
Economics (南京財經大學) in June 2002. He obtained a master’s degree in business administration (MBA) from Xi’an
University of Science and Technology (西安科技大學) in June 2013.
26   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Ms. Yang Hui (楊慧), aged 45, was appointed as a Director in October 2023. She was later re-designated as an
     executive Director in April 2024. She was appointed as the joint president of the Company in January 2026, and is primarily
     responsible for participating in major decisions on our Group’s operations and development, and the brand building and
     public relations matters. She serves as the vice president, the director of public relations, director of human resources and
     director of sales of our Company since July 2022. She also serves as a director of our subsidiaries namely Breton ESG
     Pte. Ltd. and Breton Energy Technology Zambia Limited since November 2023 and January 2025, respectively.

     Ms. Yang has approximately ten years of experience in brand building and public relations matters. Prior to joining our
     Group, Ms. Yang served as the executive president of Shanghai Yijin from May 2015 to September 2018, where she also
     serves as the general manager since September 2018.

     Ms. Yang obtained a bachelor’s degree in English language and literature from Yantai Normal University (煙台師範學院)
     (currently known as Ludong University (魯東大學)) in July 2002, and a master’s degree in journalism and communication
     from Suzhou University (蘇州大學) in June 2005.

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Cao Haiyi (曹海毅), aged 45, was appointed as a Director in February 2023 and is primarily responsible for
     participating in major decisions on our Group’s operations and development. He was later re-designated as a non-
     executive Director in April 2024. Mr. Cao has over ten years of experience in business management. Mr. Cao has served
     as a vice-general manager of Hunan Caixin Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖南省財信產業基金管理有限公司) since April
     2020, where he served as a director from April 2020 to July 2023. From November 2014 to March 2020, he served as
     a general manager at equity finance department of Chasing Securities Co., Ltd. (財信證券股份有限公司). From February
     2011 to November 2014, he served as an executive director at investment banking division of Guangzhou Securities Co.,
     Ltd. (廣州證券股份有限公司) (currently known as CITIC Securities South China Company Limited (中信証券華南股份有限
     公司)).

     Mr. Cao currently holds directorships and supervisorship in the companies shown in the table below:

     Name of the companies                                                             Position          Date of appointment


     Hunan Xinjinhao Camellia Oil Corp., Ltd. (湖南新金浩茶油股份有限公司)                          director                  February 2022
     Malanshan Capital Management (Hunan) Co., Ltd.                                    director                September 2021
       (馬欄山資本管理(湖南)有限公司)
     Sino Ic Leasing Co., Ltd. (芯鑫融資租賃有限責任公司)                                          director                    August 2021
     Hunan Stock Exchange Co., Ltd. (湖南股權交易所有限公司)                                      director                      April 2021
     Caihong Group (Shaoyang) Special Glass Co., Ltd.                                  director                      April 2021
       (彩虹集團(邵陽)特種玻璃有限公司)
     Shenzhen Fortune Caixin Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.                      supervisor                  August 2020
       (深圳市達晨財信創業投資管理有限公司)

     Mr. Cao obtained a bachelor’s degree in international economics and a master’s degree in finance from Hunan University
     (湖南大學) in June 2002 and June 2005, respectively.
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    27




6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Wang Zhenkun (王振坤), aged 60, was appointed as a Director in October 2023, and is primarily responsible
for participating in major decisions on our Group’s operations and development. He was later re-designated as a non-
executive Director in April 2024. Mr. Wang has over 30 years of experience in engineering and investment. He has served
as and is currently a member of the Party Committee, deputy general manager at equity finance department of Changjiang
Venture Capital Fund Management Co., Ltd. (長江創業投資基金管理有限公司) since July 2023. From August 2021 to June
2023, he concurrently served as the general manager at the first division of fund management, and an executive director
and general manager of Hubei Changjiang Changding Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖北省長江長鼎私募
基金管理有限公司). From December 2015 to March 2022, he served as a deputy general manager of Hubei Changjiang
Economy Belt Industrial Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖北省長江經濟帶產業基金管理有限公司) (currently known as
Changjiang Industrial Investment Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (長江產業投資私募基金管理有限公司)). From
July 2014 to December 2015, he served as the general manager of Hengfeng Meilin Investment Management Co., Ltd. (恒
豐美林投資管理有限公司). From August 2006 to July 2014, he successively served as the general manager, the secretary
of the Party Committee and deputy general manager of Wuhan Dongfeng Hongtai Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (武漢東風鴻泰
控股集團有限公司) (currently known as Dongfeng Hongtai Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (東風鴻泰控股集團有限公司)). From
October 2003 to August 2006, he served as the general manager of Wuhan Shenlong Car Parts Co., Ltd. (武漢神龍轎車
零部件股份有限公司). From April 1992 to October 2003, he worked at Dongfeng Chaoyang Diesel Company Limited (東風
朝陽柴油機有限責任公司) with his final position as a deputy general manager.

Mr. Wang currently holds directorships in the companies shown in the table below:

Name of the companies                                                   Position                  Date of appointment


Aotecar New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                 chairman of the                       July 2024
  (奧特佳新能源科技股份有限公司), a company listed                                      board and director
  on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002239)
Hubei Changjiang Chegu Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd.         executive director                January 2023
  (湖北長江車谷私募基金管理有限公司)
Hubei Huanggang Changjiang Venture Capital Industry Fund                director                             April 2022
  Management Co., Ltd. (湖北黃岡長江創投產業基金管理有限公司)

Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in mechanical design and manufacturing from Luoyang Engineering College (洛陽
工學院) (currently known as Henan University of Science and Technology (河南科技大學)) in July 1990. From March 2006
to January 2008, he studied through on-the-job learning in Tsinghua University and obtained a master’s degree in business
administration in January 2008. He also obtained the certificate of senior engineer issued by the personnel department of
Dongfeng Chaoyang Diesel Company Limited in December 2002.
28   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Zhou Yuan (周元), aged 59, was appointed as an independent Director in November 2022 and was re-designated as
     an independent non-executive Director in April 2024. Mr. Zhou has over 15 years of experience in business management.
     He has been a secretary general of Green Energy Industry Development Association (綠色能源產業發展促進會) and a
     chairman of the board of Shanghai Jingyao Investment Co., Ltd. (上海晶耀投資有限公司) since March 2015.

     Mr. Zhou currently holds directorships and other positions in the companies shown in the table below:

                                                                                                                    Date of
     Name of the companies                                                       Position                      appointment


     Shanghai HYP-ARCH Architectural Design Consultant Co., Ltd.                 independent director        December 2024
       (上海霍普建築設計事務所股份有限公司), a company listed
       on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 301024)
     Yuneng Technology Co., Ltd. (昱能科技股份有限公司),                                   independent director        September 2023
       a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688348)
     Chint New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (正泰新能科技股份有限公司)                        independent director          October 2023
     Tonking New Energy Group Holdings Limited                                   independent non-               March 2017
       (同景新能源集團控股有限公司), a company listed on Growth                                 executive director
       Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 08326)
     Shanghai Ailing Exhibition Co., Ltd. (上海艾靈會展有限公司)                           executive director and           April 2013
                                                                                   general manager
     Shanghai Jingyao Investment Co., Ltd. (上海晶耀投資有限公司)                          executive director               May 2010
     Shanghai Aizhan Exhibition Service Co., Ltd.                                executive director and       February 2006
       (上海艾展展覽服務有限公司)                                                              general manager

     Mr. Zhou obtained an associate’s degree in economics and management from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大
     學) (previously known as East China University of Metallurgy (華東冶金學院)) in July 1988.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     29




6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Li Xiaofu (李曉郛), aged 41, was appointed as an independent Director in November 2022 and was re-designated as
an independent non-executive Director in April 2024. He resigned as an independent non-executive Director in February 5,
2026. Dr. Li has been an associate professor in law at East China University of Political Science and Law (華東政法大學)
since July 2019, where he also served as a research assistant from June 2017 to June 2019.

Dr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in economic law, a master’s degree in constitutional and administrative law, and a
doctorate degree in international law from East China University of Political Science and Law in July 2007, June 2010 and
June 2013, respectively. He also obtained a master’s degree in legal institutions from University of Wisconsin-Madison in
the United States in August 2009 and a post-doctorate degree in applied economics from Shanghai University of Finance
and Economics (上海財經大學) in June 2017. He was selected into Shanghai Youth Law and Legal Talent Pool (上海青年
法學法律人才庫) by Shanghai Law Society (上海市法學會) in January 2022.

Dr. Jiang Bailing (江百靈), aged 54, was appointed as an independent Director in November 2022 and was re-
designated as an independent non-executive Director in April 2024. He has been an associate professor at Shanghai
National Accounting Institute (上海國家會計學院) since July 2013. From July 2009 to July 2013, he was a lecturer at
Shanghai National Accounting Institute.

Dr. Jiang currently holds directorships in the listed companies shown in the table below:

Name of the companies                                                     Position               Date of appointment


Sailvan Times Co., Ltd. (賽維時代科技股份有限公司),                                   independent director               May 2020
  a company listed on the ChiNext Market of
  Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 301381)
30   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     In addition, he held directorships in the listed companies shown in the table below in the last three years:

     Name of the companies                                                       Position                  Appointment period


     Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd. (上海派能能源科技股份有限公司),                              independent director                 from May 2020
        a company listed on the Science and Technology                                                              to October 2025
        Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock Exchange
        (“SSE STAR MARKET”) (stock code: 688063)
     Ahwit Precision (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                        independent director                     from
        (上海阿為特精密機械股份有限公司),                                                                                    November 2017 to
        a company listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange                                                          November 2023
        (stock code: 873693)
     Pengdu AGRICULTURE & ANIMAL Husbandry Co., Ltd.                             independent director                       from
        (鵬都農牧股份有限公司), a company listed on the                                                                       May 2020 to
        Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002505)                                                                  April 2024
     Trina Solar Co., Ltd. (天合光能股份有限公司),                                         independent director                       from
        a company listed on the SSE STAR MARKET                                                                 February 2018 to
        (stock code: 688599)                                                                                          April 2024

     Dr. Jiang obtained a doctorate degree in accounting from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2009. He was admitted as
     a fellow of the Institute of Public Accountants in the Australia (FIPAAU) by Institute of Public Accountants in October 2019,
     and a fellow of the Institute of Financial Accountants in the United Kingdom (FFAUK) by Institute of Public Accountants in
     October 2019.

     Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry (嚴志雄), aged 65, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in April 2024. Mr.
     YIM has over 30 years of financial auditing experience. From July 2004 to December 2021, he served as an audit partner
     of Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and its predecessor firm Ernst & Young Hua Ming (collectively “Ernst &
     Young”). From February 1991 to June 2004, he successively served various audit positions in Ernst & Young. He served as
     an independent non-executive director of Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (國泰君安証券股份有限公司) (currently known
     as Guotai Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.(國泰海通證券股份有限公司)), a company listed on Stock Exchange (stock code:
     2611) and on Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601211) from May 2023 to April 2025. He has been serving as an
     independent non-executive director of Yixin Group Limited (易鑫集團有限公司), a company listed on Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 2858) from February 2025, Beijing Tong Ren Tang Healthcare Investment Co., Ltd. (北京同仁堂醫養投資股份
     有限公司) from June 2024, and Neurodawn Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (南京寧丹新藥技術股份有限公司) from September
     2025, respectively.

     Mr. YIM received his bachelor’s degree in social science from the University of Hong Kong in November 1984. He has
     been a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since April 1988 and a fellow member of the
     Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom since June 1993.

     Mr. Gui Zhenhua (桂振華), aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in February 2026. He has
     held various positions including senior advisor and director of the Beijing Office of the Shenzhen Training Center of the
     State Environmental Protection Administration (國家環保總局深圳培訓中心), president of China Green Pictorial under the
     State Forestry Administration (國家林業局中國綠色畫報社), executive chairman and secretary-general of the China High-
     Level Forum on Green Development (中國綠色發展高層論壇), and executive chairman of the Green Development Fund
     (China Green Development Fund) of China Cultural Heritage Foundation.

     Mr. Gui holds a doctorate degree in business administration from the California Southern University, USA.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       31




6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SUPERVISORS

Mr. Liu Yudong (劉昱東), aged 39, had served as a Supervisor since August 2021. He retired upon the abolition of the
Supervisory Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026. He currently serves as a manager and legal representative
at Guangzhou NextBigThing Investment Management Co., Ltd. (廣州耐必信創業投資管理有限公司) since January 2020.
From January 2019 to January 2020, he served as a director of the strategic investment division at Guangzhou Joyy
Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州歡聚時代信息科技有限公司). He successively served as an investment director, vice
president and partner at Beijing N5 Capital Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京五岳天下投資諮詢有限公司) from December 2013 to
November 2018. From September 2010 to March 2013, he served as a senior investment manager at JD Capital Co., Ltd.
(昆吾九鼎投資管理有限公司).

Mr. Liu currently holds directorships in the companies shown in the table below:

                                                                                                               Date of
Name of the companies                                                        Position                     appointment


Suzhou Laimou Technology Co., Ltd. (蘇州來牟科技有限公司)                              non-executive director       February 2023
  (previously known as Beijing Laimou Innovation Technology
  Co., Ltd. (北京來牟創新科技有限公司))
Raycloud Fashion Co., Ltd. (北京睿雲時尚科技發展有限公司)                                  non-executive director        August 2021
Beijing Tweet Information Technology Co., Ltd.                               non-executive director        August 2021
  (北京推文信息科技有限公司)
Shenzhen Sound Heath Science and Technology Co., Ltd.                        non-executive director       January 2020
  (深圳市聲希科技有限公司)
Shenzhen Jungle Culture Communication Co., Ltd.                              non-executive director         March 2018
  (深圳市叢林文化傳播有限公司)

Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in information and computing science from Hunan University in June 2008 and a
master’s degree in applied finance from Singapore Management University in Singapore in May 2010. He also obtained the
Fund Practicing Qualification Certificate (基金從業資格證書) from the Asset Management Association of China (中國證券投
資基金業協會) in May 2018.

Ms. Wang Yanzhen (王艷湞), aged 45, had served as a Supervisor since November 2022. She retired upon the abolition
of the Supervisory Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026. Ms. Wang has been an administration director since
October 2021 and a director of general management department of the Company since May 2023. Prior to joining our
Group, she served as a vice president at Shanghai Deweisi Education Training Co., Ltd. (上海德偉思教育培訓有限公
司) from September 2019 to September 2021. From May 2005 to September 2019, she successively served in various
positions including a deputy director of the office, and a vice chairman of labor union of Lonking Shanghai Machinery Co.,
Ltd. (龍工(上海)機械製造有限公司), and served as the general section chief of the audit office at Lonking Holdings Limited.
32   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     6. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Ms. Wang obtained an associate’s degree in law from Shandong Radio and TV University (山東廣播電視大學) (currently
     known as Shandong Open University (山東開放大學)) in July 2001. She was accredited as an intermediate economist from
     Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau (上海市人力資源和社會保障局) in November 2014.

     Ms. Sun Wenxu (孫文旭), aged 32, had served as a Supervisor since November 2022. She retired upon the abolition of
     the Supervisory Committee by the Company on February 5, 2026. Ms. Sun has been a legal supervisor of the Company
     since March 2019. Prior to joining our Group, she served as a legal counsel manager at Law To (Shanghai) Legal
     Consulting Co., Ltd. (律到(上海)法律諮詢有限公司) from April 2016 to December 2018.

     Ms. Sun obtained an associate’s degree in hotel management from China University of Labor Relations (中國勞動關係學
     院) in July 2012, a bachelor’s degree in law from East China University of Political Science and Law in January 2021 and a
     master’s degree in international law through online courses in West Ukrainian National University in Ukraine in June 2023.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     For the biographical details of Mr. Chen, Mr. Qiu and Ms. Yang, see “－Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management－
     Executive Directors”.

     Changes of Information of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

     Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, since the date of publication of the 2025 Interim Report and up to the Latest
     Practicable Date, there was no change to information which was required to be disclosed by Directors, Supervisors and
     senior management members pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       33




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board of Directors is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company from the
Listing Date to December 31, 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE, BUSINESS OBJECTIVES, VALUE
AND STRATEGY

The Company is a China-based provider of electric-powered engineering machinery and the principal activities of the
Group include the design, development and commercialization of battery-electric engineering machinery with autonomous
capabilities and provision of intelligent operation services. As a group with diversified businesses, we recognize the
importance of stakeholders at the Board level and throughout the Group, so the Group strives to provide high quality
and reliable products and services, and to create values to the stakeholders through sustainable growth and continuous
development.

The Board has set out the following values to provide guidance on employees’ conducts and behaviours as well as the
business activities, and to ensure that they are embedded throughout the Company’s vision, mission, policies and business
strategies:

(a)    Integrity – we strive to do what is right;

(b)    Excellence – we aim to deliver excellence;

(c)    Collaboration – we are always better together;

(d)    Accountability – we are accountable for delivering on our commitments;

(e)    Empathy – we value our stakeholders including the employees, customers, supply chain and the community; and

(f)    Sustainability – we are committed to a sustainable future.

The Group will continuously review and adjust, if necessary, its business strategies and keep track of the changing market
conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will be taken to respond to the changes and meet the market needs
to foster the sustainability of the Group.
34   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to maintaining good corporate governance standards.

     The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to
     safeguard the interests of the Shareholders, enhance the corporate values, formulate its business strategies and policies,
     and enhance its transparency and accountability.

     From the Listing Date, the Company has in place a corporate governance framework and has established a set of policies
     and procedures based on the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing
     Rules on the Stock Exchange. The Board is of the view that from the Listing Date to the end of the Reporting Period, the
     Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code, except for code provision C.2.1
     as disclosed in the section headed “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” in this Corporate Governance Report.

     Board of Directors

     Board Composition

     As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises ten Directors, including four executive Directors, two non-
     executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. The second Board has a term of three years,
     commencing on April 2, 2024 and ending on April 1, 2027. Upon the expiry of their term of office, Directors are eligible for
     re-election. Set out below are the members of the Board for the year ended December 31, 2025:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Fangming (Chairman of the Board and General Manager)
     Mr. Qiu Debo (邱德波)
     Mr. Sun Kanghua (孫康華)
     Ms. Yang Hui (楊慧)

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Cao Haiyi (曹海毅)
     Mr. Wang Zhenkun (王振坤)

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Zhou Yuan (周元)
     Dr. Li Xiaofu (李曉郛)
     Dr. Jiang Bailing (江百靈)
     Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry (嚴志雄)
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       35




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Details of the Directors’ biographies are set out in the section “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this
annual report. Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the members of the Board and senior management has any
financial, business, family or other material or related relationships with one another.

Each of the above Directors confirmed that he or she (i) had obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the
Listing Rules in March and April 2024 (as case may be), and (ii) understood his or her obligations as a director of a listed
issuer under the Listing Rules.

Responsibilities of the Board and Management

The Board is responsible for the leadership and management of the Company, overseeing the Company’s business,
investments and strategic decisions, maintaining an effective risk management and internal control system of the Company,
and monitoring the performance of the Company.

All Directors, including the Non-executive Directors and the Independent Non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experiences, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning. The Independent Non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting
of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions
and operations of the Company.

The principal powers and functions of the Board include, but are not limited to, convening shareholders’ meetings and
reporting on its work to the shareholders’ meetings; implementing resolutions adopted by the shareholders’ meetings;
determining the business plans and investment policies of the Group; considering the annual financial budget and final
accounts of the Group; formulating proposals on profit distribution and plans for loss recovery of the Company; formulating
the basic management systems of the Company; and exercising such other powers as conferred by laws, administrative
regulations, departmental rules, the Listing Rules and other securities regulatory rules of the place where the Company’s
shares are listed or the Articles of Association.

To oversee specific aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established four Board committees, namely the
Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee.
The Board has delegated various responsibilities to the Board committees, which are set out in their respective terms of
reference.

The senior management is responsible for the daily operation of the Company, including but not limited to implementing
the strategies and directives determined by the Board, and organizing and coordinating the work of various departments
and teams of the Company.
36   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive
     Officer shall be separate and not exercised by the same individual. Currently, Mr. Chen Fangming holds both the positions
     of the chairman of the Board of the Company and the general manager of the Company. As Mr. Chen Fangming has been
     responsible for the Group’s business and overall strategic planning for many years, the Board is of the view that vesting
     the roles of both the chairman and the general manager in Mr. Chen Fangming is beneficial to the business prospects
     and management of the Group by ensuring consistent leadership within the Group. Taking into account all the corporate
     governance measures implemented by the Group, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority under the
     present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions
     promptly and effectively. Accordingly, the Company has not segregated the roles of the chairman and the general
     manager. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the chairman of the Board and the general
     manager of the Company as necessary and appropriate, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Corporate Governance Functions

     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code,
     including:

     a)     formulating and reviewing the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices;

     b)     reviewing and monitoring the training and continuing professional development of Directors and senior management;

     c)     reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in respect of compliance with laws and regulatory
            requirements;

     d)     formulating, reviewing and monitoring a code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
            and Directors; and

     e)     reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the corporate
            governance report.

     From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Board has performed the above corporate governance functions,
     including from time to time reviewing a series of corporate governance documents and monitoring their implementation;
     reviewing and actively arranging training and continuing professional development for Directors and senior management;
     reviewing and monitoring whether the Company has violated laws and regulations; and reviewing and monitoring the
     shareholder communication policies to ensure their effectiveness.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        37




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors
From the Listing Date up to the date of this annual report, the Board has at all times complied with Rule 3.10A of the
Listing Rules regarding the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the
Board members, as well as Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules regarding the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each independent non-executive Director pursuant
to the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-
executive Directors to be independent.

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, Directors are elected or replaced by the shareholders’ meeting and may be
removed from office by the shareholders’ meeting prior to the expiry of their term of office. Directors are appointed for a
term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon expiry of their term.

Accordingly, each of the Directors of the Company has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of
three years commencing from their respective date of appointment, unless terminated in accordance with the terms
thereof, and are eligible for re-election upon expiry of their term.

Training and Professional Development
Pursuant to Code Provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, all Directors shall participate in continuing
professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that they continue to make informed
and relevant contributions to the Board.

Each newly appointed Director of the Company receives necessary induction training upon initial appointment to ensure
a proper understanding of the Company’s business and operations and full awareness of the Directors’ duties and
responsibilities under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Mr. Gui Zhenhua (桂振華) confirms that (i) he
has obtained legal advice as set out in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on February 5, 2026; and (ii) he understands his
obligations as a Director under the Listing Rules.

To assist Directors in developing and refreshing their knowledge and skills, the Company will periodically arrange various
forms of training and seminars, and Directors will also be provided with updates or revised versions of relevant legislation,
rules and Listing Rules to keep them abreast of the latest developments. The training sessions covered a wide range
of relevant topics including i) the roles, functions and responsibilities of the Board, its committees and its Directors, and
board effectiveness; ii) issuers’ obligations and Directors’ duties under Hong Kong law and the Listing Rules, and key legal
and regulatory developments (including Listing Rule updates) relevant to the discharge of such obligations and duties;
iii) corporate governance and environmental, social and governance matters (including developments on sustainability
or climate-related risks and opportunities relevant to the issuer and its business); and iv) risk management and internal
controls. From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, all Directors (namely Mr. Chen Fangming, Mr. Qiu Debo, Mr.
Sun Kanghua, Ms. Yang Hui, Mr. Cao Haiyi, Mr. Wang Zhenkun, Mr. Zhou Yuan, Dr. Li Xiaofu, Dr. Jiang Bailing and Mr.
YIM, Chi Hung Henry) have participated in training courses provided by professional institutions or read materials on
corporate governance and related topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and have provided relevant
training records to the Company.
38   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
     as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct to regulate i) dealings in the securities of the
     Company by the Directors, Supervisors and the employees who, because of such office or employment, are likely to
     possess inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, and ii) other matters as covered by the Model Code.

     Having made specific enquiries of all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirms that all Directors and Supervisors
     have complied with the Model Code throughout their respective tenures during the year ended December 31, 2025. No
     incident of non-compliance of the by the employees was noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.

     Independence of the Board

     The Company considers the independence of the Board to be essential to good corporate governance and the
     effectiveness of the Board. The Board has established relevant mechanisms to ensure that the independent views of any
     Director can be communicated to the Board, so as to enhance the objectivity and effectiveness of decision-making. The
     Board has reviewed the following key features or mechanisms under the Company’s governance structure and considers
     that such features or mechanisms can effectively ensure the provision of independent views and recommendations to the
     Board.

     The nomination, election and appointment of Directors to the Board are conducted in strict compliance with relevant laws,
     regulations and policies as well as the Company’s rules and procedures, and in accordance with the principles of fairness,
     impartiality and openness, so as to ensure diversity of Board membership and absence of conflicts of interest.

     Currently, the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, representing more than one-third of the
     total number of Board members, and the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, all in
     compliance with the independence requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors possess extensive industry experience and professional expertise, have the
     ability to devote sufficient time to perform their duties as Directors, can provide strong support and supervision for the
     development of the Company, and are able to remain objective and independent in decision-making, thereby safeguarding
     the interests of the Company and shareholders. The Company will conduct an annual assessment of the independence of
     independent non-executive Directors.

     The Company has established effective communication channels for views, allowing Directors to express their views
     openly and, where necessary, on a confidential basis. All Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) may
     obtain external independent professional advice at the Company’s cost whenever they consider it necessary. All Directors
     shall abstain from voting on resolutions in which they have a direct or indirect interest. The Board has reviewed these
     mechanisms and confirmed their effective implementation during the Reporting Period.

     During the period from the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Board has complied with the relevant requirements
     mentioned above, and the above mechanisms have been effective in providing independent views and opinions to the
     Board. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanisms on an annual basis.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       39




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Meetings and Shareholders’ Meetings

The Board shall hold regular meetings to discuss the overall strategy, and the operational and financial performance of the
Group. The Board shall hold at least four meetings in each year, approximately once quarterly, to be convened and chaired
by the Chairman. Directors may attend meetings in person or by means of electronic communication. Written notice of
at least 14 days shall be given to all Directors in advance of regular Board meetings. Reasonable notice shall be given for
other meetings of the Board and Board committees.

During the period from the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Company held seven Board meetings and two
shareholders’ meetings. The attendance record of each Director is set out below:

                                                                                    Number of meetings attended
                                                                                     by Directors during term of
                                                                                   office/Number of meetings held
                                                                                         during term of office
                                                                                                        Shareholders’
Name of Director                                                                  Board Meetings             Meetings


Executive Directors
Mr. Chen Fangming (Chairman of the Board and General Manager)                                   7/7                   2/2
Mr. Qiu Debo                                                                                    7/7                   2/2
Mr. Sun Kanghua                                                                                 7/7                   2/2
Ms. Yang Hui                                                                                    7/7                   2/2

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Cao Haiyi                                                                                   7/7                   2/2
Mr. Wang Zhenkun                                                                                7/7                   2/2

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhou Yuan                                                                                   7/7                   2/2
Dr. Li Xiaofu                                                                                   7/7                   2/2
Dr. Jiang Bailing                                                                               7/7                   2/2
Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry                                                                         7/7                   2/2


Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with all the Independent Non-executive Directors
without the presence of other Directors during the Reporting Period.
40   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Board Committees

     The Company has established four Board committees, namely the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee. All Board committees have established written
     terms of reference to define their authority and duties. The terms of reference of the Strategy Committee, the Audit
     Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee are published on the Company’s
     website and the website of the Stock Exchange, and are available to shareholders upon request. Each Board committee
     may appoint intermediaries to provide professional advice according to actual needs, with the relevant expenses borne by
     the Company.

     Audit Committee

     We have established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
     and paragraph D.3 of the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee consists of three
     independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Jiang Bailing, Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry and Dr. Li Xiaofu, and Dr. Jiang
     Bailing serves as the chairman of the Committee. Dr. Jiang Bailing and Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry have the appropriate
     professional experiences as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit
     Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) proposing the appointment or change of external auditors to
     our Board, monitoring the independence of external auditors and evaluating their performance; (ii) examining the financial
     information of the Company and reviewing financial reports and statements of the Company; (iii) examining the financial
     reporting system, the risk management and internal control system of the Company, overseeing their rationality, efficiency
     and implementation and making recommendations to our Board; and (iv) dealing with other matters that are authorized by
     the Board.

     From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee held two meetings. A summary of the work
     performed by the Audit Committee is as follows:

     (1)    Reviewed and discussed the 2025 annual financial audit plan submitted by KPMG, including matters such as
            revenue recognition, impairment of accounts receivable, status of overseas projects and assessment of going
            concern ability;

     (2)    Reviewed the 2025 annual internal control audit plan and the special audit report on production quality of the
            internal audit department, reviewed the effectiveness of the internal audit function and internal audit system, and
            provided comments on internal audit resource allocation, audit scope and rectification follow-up;

     (3)    Received a briefing from the internal audit department on the progress of the internal control audit for the listing
            in the first half of 2025, and discussed the audit arrangements for the production business segments and cost
            accounting in the second half of the year;

     (4)    Reviewed the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and provided relevant recommendations to
            the Board;

     (5)    Reviewed the Group’s unaudited interim financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2025, the draft
            interim results announcement and interim report, and made recommendations to the Board; and

     (6)    Considered and confirmed the appointment of KPMG as the Company’s auditor for the year 2025, confirmed its
            audit remuneration and made recommendations to the Board.
                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      41




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of each member of the Committee is set out below:

                                                                                               Number of meetings
                                                                                           attended during term of
                                                                                      office/Number of Committee
                                                                                              meetings held during
Name of Member                                                                                       term of office


Dr. Jiang Bailing (Chairman)                                                                                      2/2
Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry                                                                                           2/2
Dr. Li Xiaofu                                                                                                     2/2


Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

We have established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and paragraph E.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consisted of three Directors, namely independent non-executive Directors Mr.
Zhou Yuan and Dr. Jiang Bailing and executive Director Mr. Chen Fangming, and Mr. Zhou Yuan serves as the chairman
of the Committee. The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include, but are not limited to, the
following: (i) advising our Board on the overall remuneration plan and structure of our Directors and senior management
and the establishment of transparent and formal procedures for determining the remuneration policy of the Company; (ii)
monitoring the implementation of the remuneration system of the Company; (iii) making recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration packages of our Directors and senior management; and (iv) other duties conferred by our Board.

From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held 1 meeting. A summary
of the work performed by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is as follows:

(1)    discussed the Company’s remuneration policy for Directors and senior management and made recommendations
       to the Board in relation thereto; and

(2)    assessed the performance of Directors.
42   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The attendance record of each member of the Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                     Number of meetings
                                                                                                    attended during term
                                                                                                      of office/Number of
                                                                                                    Committee meetings
     Name of Member                                                                             held during term of office


     Mr. Zhou Yuan (Chairman)                                                                                           1/1
     Mr. Chen Fangming                                                                                                  1/1
     Dr. Jiang Bailing                                                                                                  1/1


     The Company’s remuneration policy is designed to ensure that remuneration provided to employees (including Directors
     and senior management) is based on their skills, knowledge, responsibilities and level of involvement in the Company’s
     affairs. Remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and members of senior management is determined by reference
     to remuneration paid by comparable companies and the achievement of the Company’s key operating indicators.
     Remuneration for Directors and Supervisors includes salaries and other in-kind benefits, discretionary bonuses,
     contributions to retirement benefit schemes, and payments relating to equity incentives.

     Details of remuneration of the Company’s Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in notes 8 and 9 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. In accordance with Code Provision E.1.5 of the Corporate
     Governance Code, the bands of remuneration payable to senior management (including senior management who are also
     executive Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out below:

     Remuneration band (RMB)                                                                        Number of individuals


     0-1,500,000                                                                                                          1
     1,500,000-3,000,000                                                                                                  1
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        43




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Committee

We have established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.27A of the Listing
Rules and paragraph B.3 of the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee
consists of three Directors, namely independent non-executive Directors Dr. Li Xiaofu and Dr. Jiang Bailing and executive
Director Ms. Yang Hui, and Dr. Li Xiaofu serves as the chairman of the Committee. The primary duties of the Nomination
Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) conducting extensive search and providing our Board with
suitable candidates for our Directors, general managers and other members of the senior management; (ii) reviewing
the structure, size and composition of our Board (including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, skills, knowledge and experience) at least annually, assisting our Board in maintaining a board skills
matrix and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
strategy; (iii) researching and developing standards and procedures for the election of our Board members, general
managers and members of the senior management, and making recommendations to our Board; (iv) assessing the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors; (v) supporting our Company’s regular evaluation of our Board’s
performance; and (vi) dealing with other matters that are authorized by the Board.

In assessing the composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee will consider various factors set out in the Board
diversity policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience,
skills and knowledge.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for appointment as Directors, the Nomination Committee will, as
appropriate, consider the relevant criteria for candidates set out in the nomination policy (which are necessary to align with
the Company’s strategy and achieve board diversity) before making recommendations to the Board.

From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. A summary of the work
performed by the Nomination Committee is as follows:

(1)    Nominated Mr. Gui Zhenhua as a candidate for independent non-executive Director of the second session of
       the Board, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee; considered and
       approved the resolutions regarding the appointment of Ms. Yang Hui as the Co-President of the Company and the
       appointment of Mr. Zhang Fei as the Joint Company Secretary; and

(2)    The structure, size and composition of the Board as well as the independence of independent non-executive
       Director, and reviewed the Board diversity policy and nomination policy.
44   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The attendance record of each member of the Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                        Number of meetings
                                                                                                       attended during term
                                                                                                         of office/Number of
                                                                                                       Committee meetings
     Name of Member                                                                                held during term of office


     Dr. Li Xiaofu (Chairman)                                                                                               1/1
     Dr. Jiang Bailing                                                                                                      1/1
     Ms. Yang Hui                                                                                                           1/1


     Nomination Policy and Procedure

     The Company has adopted policies and procedures for the nomination and election of Directors (the “Nomination
     Policy”). The Nomination Policy sets out the criteria and procedures for election and performance evaluation, and
     provides guidance to the Board on the nomination and appointment of Directors. The Board believes that a clear election
     process facilitates good corporate governance, ensures the continuity of the Board, maintains the Board’s leadership,
     and enhances the efficiency and diversity of the Board. Both the Nomination Committee and the Board may nominate
     candidates for directorships. In assessing the suitability of recommended candidates and their potential contribution to
     the Board, the Nomination Committee may refer to several selection criteria such as integrity, professional qualifications
     and skills, knowledge, experience, commitment and relevant contribution. The Nomination Committee is required to report
     the assessment results and provide relevant recommendations to the Board on the appointment of suitable candidates
     for Directors, enabling the Board to make decisions and formulate the overall election plan, which will be submitted to the
     shareholders’ meeting for shareholders’ approval.

     The Board and the Nomination Committee intend to review the nomination policy at least annually and expect that
     necessary amendments may be made from time to time in response to the evolving needs and circumstances of the
     Company and where applicable statutory obligations or requirements under the Listing Rules, Hong Kong laws or Chinese
     laws or other regulatory changes.

     Board Diversity Policy

     We have adopted the board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach for achieving and maintaining the
     diversity of the Board in order to enhance its effectiveness. In accordance with the board diversity policy, the Company
     seeks to achieve board diversity by taking into account a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and/or length of service. The ultimate
     selection of Board candidates will be based on merit and potential contribution to our Board having due regard to the
     benefits of diversity on the Board and also the specific needs of the Company without focusing on a single diversity aspect.
     The Company’s Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
     development as well as knowledge and experience in areas such as investment and operations management. They
     obtained degrees in various areas including engineering mechanics, MBA, journalism and communication and accounting.
     Furthermore, our Board has a diverse age and gender representation. Our Board currently comprises one female Director
     and nine male Directors, ranging from 40 years old to 62 years old.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        45




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


With regards to gender diversity on the Board, the Company recognizes the particular importance of gender diversity. The
Company has taken and will continue to take steps to promote and enhance gender diversity at all levels of the Company,
including but without limitation at our Board and senior management levels. The Company will maintain a focus on gender
diversity when recruiting staff at the mid to senior level so as to develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the
Board. The Group will also identify and select several female individuals with a diverse range of skills, experience and
knowledge in different fields from time to time, and maintain a list of such female individuals who possess qualities to
become our Board members, which will be reviewed by the nomination committee periodically to maintain gender diversity
of the Board.

The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on expected goals at least once a year to ensure board diversity, and
review and, where necessary, update the board diversity policy to ensure that the policy remains effective. The Company
will disclose the biographical details of each Director and report on the implementation of the board diversity policy in its
annual corporate governance report.

Based on the review conducted by the Nomination Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025, taking into account
the Company’s existing business model, specific needs, and the diverse backgrounds of the Directors, the Nomination
Committee and the Board consider that the current composition of the Board is consistent with the Company’s Board
Diversity Policy. No measurable targets have been set by the Board.

Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity at all levels of the Group. As of December 31, 2025, out of the Group’s 346
employees, there were 294 male employees and 52 female employees, representing approximately 84.97% and 15.03%
respectively of the total workforce (including senior management). The Group has taken gender diversity into account in its
recruitment process and is committed to increasing the proportion of female employees wherever possible in the future. To
achieve gender diversity among employees, the Company is committed to creating favourable conditions in the workplace
to continuously attract employees of different genders to join the Group. In this process, the Company may face challenges
in matching talents of a particular gender in the human resources market with the education, experience and skills required
for positions within the Group. Notwithstanding the challenges, the Company remains committed to maintaining a gender-
balanced workforce.
46   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Directors’ Responsibility for Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for
     the year ended December 31, 2025.

     The management has provided the Board with all explanations and information necessary for the Board to make an
     informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are to be submitted to the Board for approval. The
     Company also provides all members of the Board with up-to-date information regarding the Company’s performance,
     position and prospects.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to
     continue as a going concern. The statement of the Company’s independent auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities
     for the financial statements is set out in the independent auditor’s report in this annual report.

     Auditor’s Remuneration

     An analysis of the remuneration paid and/or payable to the Company’s external auditor, KPMG, for audit services and non-
     audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set forth below:

     Category of services                                                                                Fees paid/payable
                                                                                                             (RMB million)


     Audit services                                                                                                       3.8
     IPO-related services                                                                                                 1.5
     Non-audit services                                                                                                     –


     Total                                                                                                                5.3


     Joint Company Secretaries

     Ms. Shum Kit Han and Mr. Liu Xingyu have been appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company from March
     2024. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Liu Xingyu was the primary contact person for Ms. Shum Kit Han at the Company.

     Mr. Liu Xingyu, aged 43, was appointed as our joint company secretary and the secretary of the Board in March 2024 and
     January 2026. He serves as a supervisor of our subsidiaries, namely Breton (Shandong) New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd.,
     Breton (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd., and Breton (Lanxi) New Energy engineering Machinery Co., Ltd., since May 2020,
     October 2022, and January 2023, respectively.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       47




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Mr. Liu has over ten years of experience in financial management. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Liu was the secretary of
the board and the chief financial officer at Kingstone Semiconductor Joint Stock Company Ltd. from March 2018 to March
2020. He worked at Shanghai Boxi Electric Co., Ltd. (上海博璽電氣股份有限公司) as the general manager, the secretary
of the board, and the chief finance manager from April 2016 to July 2017. From July 2012 to February 2016, he served
as a deputy regional financial manager at East China Regional Company (恒大地產集團有限公司華東區域公司). From
October 2009 to June 2012, he served as the director of the financial department at Zhumao Construction Machinery
Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (住貿工程機械商貿(上海)有限公司).

Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting in June 2005 from Hunan Agricultural University (湖南農業大學). He
also obtained the certificate of Certificated Public Accountant (non-practice) issued by the Chinese institute of Certified
Public Accountants (中國註冊會計師協會) in March 2020 and the certificate of Intermediate Accountant issued by Ministry
of Human Resources and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障局) in
May 2009.

Ms. Shum Kit Han was appointed as one of our joint company secretaries in March 2024. She currently serves as a
manager of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group. She is responsible for providing
corporate secretarial and compliance services to listed companies.

Ms. Shum has over 10 years of experience in company secretary and corporate governance field. She obtained her
master’s degree in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance in July 2015 and her bachelor’s degree in English
for Professional Communication in November 2005, both from the City University of Hong Kong. She also obtained her
executive diploma in Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing from the University of Hong Kong School of
Professional and Continuing Education in October 2022, and a diploma in Spanish as a foreign language in May 2023.

Ms. Shum is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional, a fellow member of both The Hong Kong
Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom, and a member of the
executive committee of the Mexican Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, Ms. Shum Kit Han and Mr. Liu Xingyu have each received not less than 15 hours
of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

Mr. Liu Xingyu has resigned as the Joint Company Secretary of the Company due to a work change, with effect from
January 9, 2026. Mr. Zhang Fei was appointed as the Joint Company Secretary of the Company on January 9, 2026. Mr.
Zhang Fei was the primary contact person for Ms. Shum Kit Han at the Company.

Shareholders’ Rights
Convening an Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting

According to Article 79 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than 10% of
the voting shares of the Company shall have the right to propose to the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary
shareholders’ meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting, and shall make such request to the Board of Directors in writing.
The Board shall, in accordance with the provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations, the listing rules of the
stock exchange where the Company is listed and the Articles of Association of the Company, provide written feedback
on whether or not to agree to hold an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting or a class general meeting within 10 days after
receiving the request.
48   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     If the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting, a notice of the
     meeting shall be issued within 5 days after the resolution of the Board is passed. Changes made to the original request in
     the notice shall be approved by relevant shareholders. If the Board does not agree to hold the extraordinary shareholders’
     meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting or fails to give a reply within 10 days after receipt of the proposal,
     shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding no less than 10% voting shares of the Company shall be entitled to propose to
     convene an extraordinary shareholders’ or a class shareholders’ meeting, and shall make such request in writing to the
     Audit Committee.

     If the Audit Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting,
     it shall serve a notice of such meeting within 5 days after receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to the
     original proposal, the consent of relevant shareholder(s) shall be obtained. If the Audit Committee fails to issue the notice
     for the shareholders’ meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting within the specified time, the shareholder(s) severally or
     jointly holding no less than 10% voting shares of the Company for no less than 90 consecutive days may convene and
     preside over such meeting on his or their own.

     Proposals Made at the Shareholders’ Meeting

     According to Article 84 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders who individually or collectively hold more than 1%
     of the Company’s shares may put forward an interim proposal and submit it to the convener in writing 10 working days
     before the shareholders’ meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after receipt of the proposal, issue a supplementary
     notice of the shareholders’ meeting, informing the content of the interim proposal; provided that this shall not apply where
     such proposal violates any laws, administrative regulations, the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company
     is listed or the provisions of the Articles of Association, or does not fall within the scope of authority of the shareholders’
     meeting.

     Enquiries to the Board

     Shareholders may request the Board of Directors for enquiries. For the avoidance of doubt, shareholders shall deposit
     and send the original copy of the duly signed written request, notice or statement or enquiry (as the case may be) to the
     above address, and provide their full name, contact information and proof of identity for the same to be valid. Shareholder
     information may be disclosed in accordance with the law. The Company will not normally deal with oral or anonymous
     inquiries.

     Shareholders may send the above enquiries or requests to the following contact details:

     Address: Room 208, 2/F, Block 3, No. 168 Shennan Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, PRC
     Email: ir@breton.top
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        49




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Communication Policy with Shareholders/Investor Relations

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company strives to maintain an ongoing dialogue
with its shareholders, particularly through annual shareholders’ meetings and extraordinary shareholders’ meetings. At
the annual shareholders’ meeting, directors (or their proxy, where applicable) are available to meet with shareholders and
respond to their enquiries.

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, each material issue, including the election of individual directors, shall be
proposed as a separate resolution at a shareholders’ meeting. All resolutions put forward at a shareholder meeting shall
be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange after each shareholder meeting.

The Company has established a range of channels to maintain ongoing dialogue with its shareholders, details of which are
set out below:

a)     Shareholders’ Enquiries

       •      Shareholders may access the publicly available information of the Company at any time.

       •      Shareholders may contact the Company’s designated contact persons, email addresses and enquiry hotline
              to raise any question regarding the Company’s matters.

b)     Company’s Correspondence

       •      “Company’s correspondence” shall refer to any document issued or to be issued by the Company for the
              information or action of shareholders, including but not limited to the report of the Board, annual accounts
              and the auditors’ report, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms. The Company’s
              correspondence dispatched to shareholders is prepared in plain language in both Chinese and English
              to facilitate shareholders’ understanding of the contents. Shareholders shall have the right to choose the
              language (English or Chinese).

       •      Shareholders are encouraged to provide the Company with information such as email addresses to facilitate
              timely and effective communication.
50   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     c)    Company’s Website

           •      The Company’s website (www.breton.top) features a dedicated “Investor Relations” section. Information on
                  the Company’s website is updated regularly.

           •      Information published by the Company on the Stock Exchange is also made available on the Company’s
                  website immediately. Such information includes financial statements, result announcements, circulars,
                  notices of shareholders’ meetings and related statements.

           •      All presentation information provided together with the Company’s annual shareholders’ meeting and result
                  announcements each year are available on the Company’s website.

           •      All press releases and shareholder communications are available on the Company’s website.

     d)    Shareholders’ Meeting

           •      Shareholders are encouraged to attend the shareholders’ meeting, and if unable to attend, to appoint
                  proxies to attend and vote at the meetings on their behalf.

           •      Appropriate arrangements will be made for the annual shareholders’ meeting to encourage shareholders’
                  participation in such meetings.

           •      The Company will regularly monitor and review the procedures for shareholders’ meetings, and make
                  revisions where necessary, to ensure that shareholders’ needs are met to the greatest extent possible.

           •      Members of the Board (in particular, the chairmen of the committees under the Board/chairman of the Board
                  or their representatives), appropriate senior management and the external auditor will attend the annual
                  shareholders’ meeting to answer shareholders’ questions.

           •      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in shareholder events organized by the Company to convey
                  information about the Company, including the latest strategic plans, products and services.

     The Company continuously promotes good investor relations and strengthens communication with shareholders and
     potential investors to enhance their understanding of the business performance and strategies of the Group. The Board
     has reviewed the above policy during the Reporting Period and considered that shareholders have sufficient means
     and channels to express their views to the Company, and that the Company’s shareholders communication policy was
     effectively implemented and carried out during the Reporting Period.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       51




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Amendments to the Articles of Association

Given that the Company has successfully completed the public offering of its H Shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited, the Company convened its 2024 annual shareholders’ meeting on June 26, 2025, at which a resolution to
amend the Articles of Association was considered and approved, effective from June 26, 2025. For details, please refer
to the Company’s announcement dated June 3, 2025, its circular dated June 5, 2025, and its poll results announcement
dated June 26, 2025.

Given the Company’s proposed expansion of its principal business scope, the Company convened its 2025 extraordinary
shareholders’ meeting on September 26, 2025, at which a resolution to amend the Articles of Association was considered
and approved, effective from September 26, 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated August
27, 2025, its circular dated September 9, 2025, and its poll results announcement dated September 26, 2025.

To reflect the relevant changes in the Company’s registered capital and total share capital following the completion of the
Placing, the Board of Directors made corresponding amendments to the Articles of Association, effective from November
24, 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated November 24, 2025.

To further improve the Company’s corporate governance structure, ensure that the Articles of Association remain
consistent with the latest legal and regulatory requirements, while also taking into account the actual needs of the
Company’s business development, the Company convened its first extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of 2026 on
February 5, 2026 at which a resolution to amend the Articles of Association and its appendices was considered and
approved, effective from February 5, 2026, in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations, and normative documents,
including the Company Law, the Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies (Revised in 2025), the
Listing Rules, as well as regulatory requirements. Upon completion of these amendments, the Company will no longer
have a Supervisory Committee or appoint supervisors. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will exercise the
functions and powers of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated in the Company Law, and the Rules of Procedure of the
Supervisory Committee will be correspondingly abolished. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
January 9, 2026, its circular dated January 16, 2026, and its poll results announcement dated February 5, 2026.

The latest version of the Articles of Association is available for inspection on the website of the Company and the Stock
Exchange.
52   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Dividend Policy

     The Company is a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability. Whether future
     dividends will be distributed will be determined at the discretion of our Directors and may be based on a variety of factors,
     including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, overall financial condition, contractual
     restrictions and other factors our Directors may deem relevant. Any proposed dividend distribution will also be subject to
     the approval of the shareholders’ meeting. The Company does not have a predetermined dividend payout ratio. The current
     regulations in China permit the domestic companies to pay dividends only out of their accumulated distributable after-
     tax profits, after deducting any accumulated loss coverage and appropriations to the statutory and other reserve funds as
     determined in accordance with our Articles of Association and China Accounting Standards and its regulations. Therefore,
     even if we are profitable, we may not have sufficient or any distributable profits to pay dividends to our shareholders. There
     is no assurance that dividends of such amount or any amount may be declared or distributed annually or in any year.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not pay or declare any dividends. The previous dividend
     distribution record of the Company may not be used as a reference or basis for determining the level of dividends that may
     be declared or paid by the Company in the future.

     Risk Management and Internal Control

     The Board deeply understands that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems to safeguard
     shareholders’ investments and the Company’s assets, and to review the effectiveness of such systems on an annual basis.
     The Board also clarifies such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Group has established a comprehensive risk management and internal control governance system with clear levels
     and well-defined responsibilities, comprising three layers: strategic decision-making layer, operational management layer,
     and execution layer.

     The strategic decision-making layer comprises the Board and the Audit Committee. The Board serves as the highest
     decision-making organization for risk management and internal control, responsible for the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
     management and internal control efforts, and hears reports on the management and internal control systems for key risks
     including strategic, operational and ESG risks, as well as their implementation status. The Audit Committee is responsible
     for overseeing risk management and internal control mechanisms, and guiding the Group’s management in implementing
     effective risk management systems.

     The management layer comprises the Risk Management Department and the Internal Audit Department. The Risk
     Management Department is responsible for studying, discussing and organizing the implementation of risk management
     efforts. The Company has established an internal audit department, responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal
     controls and reporting any issues identified, thereby improving our internal control systems and procedures through
     the ongoing identification of errors and deficiencies. The internal audit department promptly reports any material issues
     identified to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         53




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The execution layer comprises all business departments. Business departments carry out day-to-day risk management
work in accordance with position requirements, and promptly report to the Internal Audit Department and the Risk Control
Departments any operational and management issue that may affect risks.

The Company’s risk management and internal control systems have been developed with the following principles, features
and processes with defined authority for implementation to promote a compliance culture, to perform independent
review and monitor the risk management progress, to address potential risks related to operations, information security,
intellectual property and anti-corruption, and to provide findings and recommendations for improvement to the Audit
Committee.

Business Operational Risk Management

Business operational risk refers to the risk of direct or indirect financial loss resulting from incomplete or problematic
internal processes, personnel mistakes, IT system failures, or external events. Our sales department, research center,
production and operations department, procurement department, human resources department, public relations
department, legal department, risk management department, finance department, customer service department, quality
department, secretary to the Board’s office, administrative department, IT department, and internal audit department are
collectively responsible for ensuring that our business operations comply with internal procedures. In the event of a major
adverse occurrence, the matter will be escalated to our senior management, and the Board may need to take appropriate
measures.

Anti-Corruption Risk Management

Anti-corruption risk refers to the risk associated with the use of cheating, bribery, or other illegal measures for (i) the pursuit
of improper personal benefits at the expense of our economic interests and (ii) the pursuit of improper interests of our
Company.

The Company has a zero-tolerance policy for corruption and in place the Anti-Corruption Policy to safeguard against
corruption and bribery within the Company. Our internal audit department is directly responsible for anti-corruption
risk management and has established an anti-corruption committee comprising designated personnel from our human
resources, internal audit, and legal departments. We also maintain a whistleblower mechanism to encourage the internal
reporting of suspicious activities. Employees can make anonymous reports to the internal anti-corruption department,
which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures. The Company continues to
carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity and actively organizes anti-corruption
training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-bribery. All suppliers are required to sign
anti-corruption commitments before engagement. During the Reporting Period, the Company held 2 anti-corruption
trainings and briefings to all employees. There were no non-compliance cases in relation to bribery and corruption.
54   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Confidentiality Risk Management

     Confidentiality risk arises when an employee breaches their confidentiality obligations by disclosing our or our business
     partners’ trade secrets to third parties. Such actions could harm our commercial interests and expose us to legal actions
     and reputational damage. To address this, we have implemented a stringent confidentiality agreement template that
     employees must sign along with their employment contract before starting their roles.

     This agreement clearly outlines their responsibilities to protect confidential information. We also provide training to raise
     employee awareness of confidentiality, including regular security drills and simulated leak scenarios to enhance vigilance.
     Furthermore, we have enacted a Confidentiality Management Policy that defines the roles and responsibilities of our
     confidentiality team, establishes procedures for managing trade secrets and personnel handling sensitive information,
     monitoring information disclosure and responding to enquiries, and sets forth disciplinary actions and rewards to reinforce
     compliance.

     Business Partner Contract Fraud Risk Management

     Contract fraud risk arises when business partners engage in fraudulent activities, such as forging contracts, providing
     false information, or concealing critical facts, which could mislead us into signing unfavourable agreements and harm our
     interests. To mitigate this risk, we have established a Contract Management Policy that defines procedures for drafting,
     reviewing, and managing contracts. This policy includes a robust review process with multiple approval checkpoints to
     prevent and control contract risks effectively.

     Business Partner Product Quality Risk Management

     Product quality risk arises when products or services provided by business partners have defects or quality issues,
     leading to customer dissatisfaction, harm to our brand image, and a loss of competitive edge. To manage this risk, we
     have implemented the Procurement Management Policy and the Supplier Management Procedure that specify supplier
     management processes and the responsibilities of our relevant departments. Additionally, our quality department annually
     maintains and updates our quality management system documents, including inspection standards and quality control
     procedures, to ensure prompt responses to quality issues. We have also introduced the Quality Issue Accountability
     Policy to define responsibilities for quality problems and ensure accountability in addressing them. The Board reviews
     the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems at least once a year through the Audit
     Committee.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        55




7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company’s risk management and internal control systems have been integrated into business processes as an
inseparable part of the Company’s overall operations. The systems comprise a comprehensive organizational structure
where each position is assigned clear responsibilities and delegated corresponding authorities. The Company has
established a reporting system based on the organizational structure, which includes reporting channels for the heads of
each major business unit to the Board.

The Company has established risk management and internal control systems, as well as an accounting system, to identify
and assess the Company’s risks, formulate risk mitigation strategies, and provide reasonable assurance that assets are
not used or disposed of without authorization, transactions are conducted with management’s authorization, accounting
records can be reliably used for preparing published financial information in the course of business, accountability for
assets and liabilities is maintained, and business operations are conducted in accordance with relevant laws, regulations
and internal guidelines.

The Company has an organizational structure with clear authority and responsibility. Each department is responsible for
its day-to-day operations and is required to report regularly to the executive directors. Each department has established
policies and procedures, which include establishing and maintaining effective policies to ensure that the Company’s risks
are properly identified and appropriate actions are taken to control such risks; establishing a structure with clear authority
and appropriate segregation of duties; monitoring strategic plans and performance, designing effective accounting and
information systems; controlling price-sensitive information affecting the Company’s share price; and ensuring prompt and
timely communication with the Company’s stakeholders.

The Company is committed to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems, including
policies and procedures that the Company considers appropriate for its business operations. The Company is dedicated
to continuously improving such systems and fostering a risk management culture to enhance risk management awareness
among all employees.

The Company has adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies across all aspects of its business
operations. In particular, the Company:

•      established an Investment Decision-Making Committee and a Risk Management Department to oversee external
       investment and compliance management risks;

•      provided ongoing anti-corruption and anti-bribery compliance training to employees to enhance their awareness of
       legal and regulatory requirements and encourage compliance with such requirements in their daily work; and

•      arranged for the Directors and senior management to attend training seminars on the Listing Rules and the
       responsibilities of directors of a listed company in Hong Kong.

The Company has established an internal audit function, the effectiveness of which was reviewed by the Audit Committee
during the year.

The Board reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems at least once a
year through the Audit Committee. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board, through the Audit Committee, has
reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, including the adequacy of
resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and whether the budget is sufficient of the Company’s
accounting and financial reporting function, covering financial controls, operational controls, compliance monitoring and
risk management functions, and considers the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate.
56   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Whistleblowing Policy

     The Company has put in place a whistleblowing policy and a whistleblowing mailbox, under which employees and other
     stakeholders of the Company can, in a confidential and anonymous manner, raise concerns to the Audit Committee
     regarding any possible impropriety in relation to the Company.

     Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy

     The Company has formulated an anti-corruption risk management policy, continuously updating and issuing the Detailed
     Implementation Rules for Integrity Construction Management, which prohibit employees from engaging in any corrupt
     activities, whether for personal gain or improper advantage. Our internal audit department is directly responsible for anti-
     corruption risk management, establishing an integrity employment management system, and has set up an anti-corruption
     committee comprising designated personnel from the Human Resources, Internal Audit, and Legal Departments. We have
     established a whistleblowing mechanism that encourages internal reporting of suspicious activities. We adopt a zero-
     tolerance policy towards corrupt conduct and do not accept the hiring or promotion of individuals involved in corrupt
     incidents. We conduct regular internal training and require all suppliers and partners to comply with compliance standards
     and sign professional integrity agreements.

     During the Reporting Period, neither the employees nor material business partners of the Company were subject to,
     or otherwise involved in, any complaints, investigations or regulatory enquiries concerning any bribery or kickback
     arrangements.

     Disclosure of Inside Information

     In order to enhance the Company’s system for handling and disseminating inside information and to ensure the
     truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Company has adopted and implemented
     policies and procedures for inside information. The Company has taken reasonable measures from time to time to
     ensure that potential inside information is captured and kept confidential, so as to prevent any breach of the disclosure
     requirements in relation to the Company. These measures include, among others:

     •      restricting access to information to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in
            possession of inside information are fully aware of their confidentiality obligations.

     •      entering into confidentiality agreements when the Company engages in material negotiations.

     •      designating executive directors or relevant persons as authorized spokespersons to communicate with external
            parties such as the media, analysts or investors, and to respond to external enquiries on behalf of the Company.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   57




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December
31, 2025.

List of Directors

The list of directors as at December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report was as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. Chen Fangming (Chairman of the Board and General Manager)
Mr. Qiu Debo
Mr. Sun Kanghua
Ms. Yang Hui

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Cao Haiyi
Mr. Wang Zhenkun

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhou Yuan
Dr. Li Xiaofu (who resigned on February 5, 2026)
Mr. Gui Zhenhua (who was appointed on February 5, 2026)
Dr. Jiang Bailing
Mr. YIM, Chi Hung Henry
58   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     General Information

     The Company was established under PRC laws as a limited liability Company on November 28, 2016 and was converted
     into a joint stock company with limited liability on November 23, 2022. The Company’s H shares were listed on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange on May 7, 2025.

     Principal Business

     As a leading high-tech enterprise in China specialized in new energy zero-carbon mining robots, the Company focuses
     on the research and development and manufacturing of products such as battery-electric wide-body dump trucks, and is
     dedicated to providing integrated green solutions encompassing “solar storage and transportation” for mining scenarios.
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group generated revenue principally from product sales.

     Subsidiaries of the Company

     Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this
     annual report.

     Business Review, Prospects and Results

     An objective review of the Group’s business (including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance using key financial
     performance indicators and potential future business development indicators of the Group) is set out in the sections
     headed “Business Review”, “Future Development and Strategies” and “Financial Review” under “Management Discussion
     and Analysis” in this annual report. Such discussion forms part of the Report of the Board.

     The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated financial statements and
     the notes thereto in this annual report.

     Financial Summary

     A summary of the Group’s consolidated operations as well as assets and liabilities for the past 4 financial years, as
     extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements issued by the Group itself, is set out in the section headed
     “Financial Summary” in this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
     statements.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         59




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



Principal Risks and Uncertainties
The following are the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, some of which are beyond its control:

1.     Market and Industry Risks

       •      Our future growth depends on customer demand for and willingness to adopt new energy-powered
              construction machinery. The management will continuously enrich the new energy product portfolio,
              strengthen promotion and customized services in key markets, boost customers’ willingness to replace
              equipment with new energy equipment, and consolidate the foundation of end-market demand.

       •      The new energy construction machinery industry is highly competitive, and we cannot guarantee success
              in competing within these industries. The management will consolidate differentiated advantages in core
              technologies including the three-electric system and unmanned operation, focus on in-depth operation in
              segmented application scenarios, and steadily enhance the industry competitiveness.

       •      The industry in which we operate is characterized by rapid technological iteration and development.
              The adoption of any alternative energy sources, including hydrogen energy, may adversely affect our
              business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. The management will conduct research and
              development across multiple technological routes and keep pace with industry trends of pure electric and
              hybrid technologies, mitigating operational risks arising from over-reliance on a single technical route.

2.     Operational and Financial Risks

       •      During the Reporting Period, we recorded net losses and net cash used in operating activities, and we may
              incur net losses and net cash used in operating activities in the future. The management will strictly control
              operating expenses and optimize order structure and receivables collection management, steadily improving
              overall cash flow and profitability.

       •      We recorded relatively low gross profit margins during the Reporting Period. The management will reduce
              costs and improve efficiency by optimizing the supply chain system, scale up the development of high value-
              added products, and gradually restoring profitability.

       •      Our product prices may fluctuate, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating
              results and financial condition. The management will mitigate the impact of industry price volatility by
              securing long-term cooperation orders and upgrading product value.

       •      Our products may not meet customers’ performance expectations and may have potential defects. The
              management will continuously optimize product stability and user experience by improving the R&D testing
              and full-process quality control system and upgrading the after-sales service system.

       •      Our business plans require substantial funding. To meet our future funding needs, we may need to seek
              equity or debt financing, which could dilute our shareholders’ equity and introduce covenants that restrict
              our operations or dividend payments. However, such funding may not be available on acceptable terms, in
              a timely manner, or at all, which could force us to scale back or cease our operations. The management
              will control financial constraint risks by rationally planning capital utilization, expanding diversified financing
              channels and balancing the financing structure.
60   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     3.     Corporate Development and Product Mix Risks

            •      Our limited operating history makes it difficult to assess our future prospects. The management will build
                   brand reputation and industry recognition over time through prudent operation, standardized internal
                   governance and information disclosure.

            •      During the Reporting Period and for the foreseeable future, our revenue has primarily depended on and will
                   continue to depend on a limited number of models. The management will accelerate the R&D and mass
                   production of multi-scenario and multi-category new energy equipment to mitigate operational risks caused
                   by concentrated reliance on a single product.

     The above does not constitute an exhaustive list of the risks faced by the Group. For other risks and uncertainties faced by
     the Group, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus.

     The Company considers that risk management is crucial to the efficient and effective operation of the Group. The
     management of the Company assists the Board in evaluating material internal and external risks arising from the Group’s
     business, including operational risks, financial risks, regulatory risks, among others, and takes proactive steps to establish
     appropriate risk management and internal control mechanisms and integrate them into daily operational management.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        61




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



Environmental Policy and Performance

The Group has consistently prioritized monitoring its Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) practices and is
committed to integrating them into its daily operations. The Group recognizes its obligations towards environmental
protection and corporate social responsibility, and firmly believes that the integration of ESG principles is vital to the
Group’s long-term business growth.

The Group has formulated an ESG policy, which includes the following elements: (i) effective risk governance relating
to ESG matters, including environmental, social and climate-related risks; (ii) identification of key stakeholders and
establishment of communication channels with them; (iii) a clear ESG framework; (iv) procedures for formulating ESG
strategies; (v) ESG risk management and monitoring protocols; and (vi) identification of key performance indicators (“KPIs”),
together with relevant initiatives and mitigation measures. The Board has the overall responsibility for reviewing, approving
and adopting the ESG policy as well as the Group’s targets and strategies. Furthermore, it will oversee the implementation
of the ESG policy, make necessary revisions to the overall ESG strategies as it deems appropriate, and effectively manage
other material ESG-related matters.

Further details regarding the Company’s environmental policy and performance, please refer to the section “9. 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report” set out on page 85 to page 148 of this annual report.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

The operations of the Group are required to comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations. For the year ended
December 31, 2025, to the best of the Board’s knowledge, the Group has not been involved in any non-compliance
incidents that resulted in fines, enforcement actions or other penalties, which, individually or in the aggregate, could have
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations, and has complied, in all
material respects, with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group.

Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers

The Group recognises the importance of maintaining good relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers in
achieving its current and long-term goals. The Group maintains good relationships with its employees, customers and
suppliers. For the year ended December 31, 2025, there were no significant or serious disputes between the Group and its
employees, customers and/or suppliers.

For further details regarding the Company’s relationships with its employees and suppliers, please refer to the section “9.
2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 85 to 148 of this report.
62   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Employees

     As of December 31, 2025, we had a total of 346 employees. We utilize a variety of recruiting channels to sustain
     our robust talent pool and support our continued growth. Our primary recruitment methods include online platforms,
     employment agencies and referrals. We provide a series of training for new employees, covering technological knowledge,
     skills development, corporate culture, leadership and communication to prepare them as future leaders of our Company.
     The Group is committed to establishing a competitive and fair remuneration package. To effectively motivate employees,
     the Group continuously improves its remuneration and incentive policies through market research. The Group conducts
     annual performance appraisals for its employees to provide feedback on their performance. Employee compensation
     generally consists of base salary and performance-based bonuses. In compliance with applicable PRC laws and
     regulations, we participate in a variety of government statutory employee benefit plans, including social insurance, namely
     pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, and maternity insurance, as
     well as housing funds. The Group make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries,
     bonuses and certain allowances of our employees as required by applicable PRC laws and regulations, up to an upper limit
     stipulated by the local government regulations. Additionally, we provide employer’s liability insurance and supplementary
     commercial accident insurance to enhance our employees’ coverage.

     Customers

     The Group continuously strives to enhance customer satisfaction by providing quality customer service. The Group has
     a customer service department that conducts follow-up interviews to assess the quality of services provided, as well
     as customers’ suggestions and comments. Customers may submit complaints orally or in writing via designated email
     addresses or hotlines.

     Suppliers

     When selecting suppliers, the Group considers factors such as customer demand for specific equipment and related
     specifications, functions or models to identify a pool of suppliers capable of meeting such demand. Furthermore, leveraging
     the Group’s extensive experience in the mining industry and in-depth understanding of various mining equipment, the
     Group has established comprehensive supply chain management capabilities, enabling it to select the most suitable
     suppliers with strong service capabilities, a proven track record and favourable cooperation terms, thereby ensuring the
     quality of products and services provided by the Group and stability of supply.

     Major Customers and Suppliers

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for
     approximately 35.44% of the Group’s revenue from the sale of goods or provision of services. For the year ended
     December 31, 2025, revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer accounted for approximately 7.96% of the
     Group’s revenue from the sale of goods or provision of services.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       63




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


For the year ended December 31, 2025, the total purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted
for approximately 62.21% of the Group’s total purchases. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the total purchases
attributable to the Group’s largest supplier accounted for approximately 22.71% of the Group’s total purchases.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors nor, to the best of their knowledge, their respective close
associates or any shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital (excluding treasury shares)
had any interest in any of the five largest customers or suppliers.

Sufficient Public Float

Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, for the year ended
December 31, 2025 and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has maintained the minimum public float as
required under the Listing Rules.

Pre-emptive Rights

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or PRC laws requiring the Company to offer
new shares to its existing shareholders on a pro rata basis.

Tax Relief and Exemption

The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s shares.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of property, plant and equipment of the Group and the changes therein for the year ended December 31, 2025 are
set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

Donations

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB0.1 million. For further
details, please refer to the section “9. 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in this report.
64   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Purchase, Redemption or Sale of the Company’s Listed Securities

     From the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As at the end of the Reporting Period,
     the Company did not hold any treasury shares as defined under the Listing Rules.

     Up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company repurchased a total of 710,800 H Shares on the Stock Exchange, which
     were held by the Company as treasury shares, for a total consideration of HK$14,987,928.8. As of the Latest Practicable
     Date, the 710,800 repurchased H Shares have not been canceled and are held by the Company as treasury shares.

     Share Capital

     Details of the changes in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 27
     to the consolidated financial statements.

     Dividends

     The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Board is not
     aware of any shareholders having waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

     Debentures and Convertible Bonds Issued

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not issue any debentures or convertible bonds.

     Equity-linked Agreements

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not enter into or have any equity-linked agreements.

     Permitted Indemnity Provision

     The Company has maintained Director liability insurance to provide cover to its Directors against any losses that they may
     incur arising from any actual or alleged wrongful conduct. For the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the Latest
     Practicable Date, a permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 9 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation
     (Cap. 622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)) was and is in force for the benefit of the Company’s Directors.

     Reserves

     Details of the changes in the reserves of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.

     Distributable Reserves

     As at December 31, 2025, the Company had no distributable reserves.
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         65




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

Details of the bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at December 31, 2025 are set out in the “Management
Discussion and Analysis” section and Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.

Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors

The Company has entered into service contracts with each of the Directors and Supervisors regarding, among other
things, compliance with relevant laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and applicable arbitration provisions.
Pursuant to Articles 134 of the Articles of Association, the term of office of Directors is three years, and they are eligible for
re-election upon expiration of their term.

Save as disclosed above, the Company has not entered into and does not propose to enter into any service contract
with any Director or Supervisor in their respective capacities as Directors or Supervisors (excluding contracts expiring or
determinable by the employer within one year without payment of any compensation (other than statutory compensation)).

Directors’ and Supervisors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements
or Contracts

Save as disclosed in this report, for the year ended December 31, 2025 and as at December 31, 2025, no transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance to the Group’s business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was
a party and in which a Director or Supervisor, or a connected entity of a Director or Supervisor, had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted.

Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses

For the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors had an interest in a business which competes or may
compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company, which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
8.10 of the Listing Rules.

Management Contracts

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has not entered into or had any contract concerning the
management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of its business.
66   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     Apart from the disclosures in the section “Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in the
     Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations” below and elsewhere in this
     report, during the Reporting Period, no Directors or their respective spouses or minor children were granted any rights to
     benefit by acquiring the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company, nor had any such rights been exercised
     by any Directors; and the Company, or any of its holding companies, fellow subsidiaries and subsidiaries, was not a party
     to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire any interests in any other body corporate.

     Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions
     in the Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its
     Associated Corporations
     As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance) which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (including interests and
     short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the Securities and Futures Ordinance);
     or (b) were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the Securities
     and Futures Ordinance; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
     Code were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                                                        Approximate      shareholding
                                                                                                                                       percentage of             in the
                                                                                                                      Number of      shareholding in       total share
                                                                                                                     Shares and    the relevant class    capital of the
     Name                 Position                                        Nature of Interest                        Description4      of Shares1 (%)    Company (%)


     Mr. Chen Fangming Executive Director, Chairman of the Board          Beneficial owner                            15,550,502               11.24              3.99
      (陳方明)2, 3           and General Manager                                                                    Domestic Shares     (Domestic Share)
                                                                                                             15,680,502 H Shares       6.24 (H Share)             4.02
                                                                          Interest in controlled                      42,251,198               30.53             10.84
                                                                              corporation                        Domestic Shares     (Domestic Share)
                                                                                                             44,621,388 H Shares      17.76 (H Share)            11.45
                                                                          Interest held jointly with other    5,667,844 H Shares       2.26 (H Share)             1.45
                                                                              persons
     Mr. Qiu Debo         Executive Director and Co-President             Beneficial owner                    3,091,551 H Shares       1.23 (H Share)             0.79
      (邱德波)3
                                                                          Interest held jointly with other            57,801,700               41.76             14.83
                                                                              persons                            Domestic Shares     (Domestic Share)
                                                                                                             62,878,183 H Shares      25.03 (H Share)            16.14
     Ms. Yang Hui         Executive Director, Co-President, Director of Beneficial owner                      2,576,293 H Shares       1.03 (H Share)             0.66
      (楊慧)3                  Human Resources, Director of Sales and
                             Public Relations Director
                                                                        Interest held jointly with other              57,801,700               41.76             14.83
                                                                            persons                              Domestic Shares     (Domestic Share)
                                                                                                             63,393,441 H Shares      25.23 (H Share)            16.27
                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             67




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


Notes:

(1)      The approximate percentages are calculated based on the 251,241,531 H Shares and 138,410,231 Domestic Shares in issue of the
         Company, totaling 389,651,762 shares, as at December 31, 2025.

(2)      Mr. Chen beneficially holds 15,550,502 Domestic Shares and 15,680,502 H Shares. Mr. Chen is the general partner of Shanghai Fangao.
         Besides, the general partner of Shanghai Cloud Tribe Yijin Venture Capital Center (Limited Partnership) (上海雲部落易津創業投資中心(有
         限合夥)) (“Cloud Tribe Yijin”) is Cloud Tribe Yijin was Shanghai Cloud Tribe Yijin Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd. (上海雲部落易津創
         業投資管理有限公司) (“Cloud Tribe Management”), which is held as to 51% by Shanghai Yijin and 49% by Shanghai Yijin Venture Capital
         Management Co., Ltd. (上海易津創業投資管理有限公司) (“Yijin Venture Capital Management”). Yijin Venture Capital Management is held
         as to approximately 51.76% by Shanghai Yijin. Shanghai Yijin is held as to approximately 19.49% by Mr. Chen and approximately 80.51%
         by Shanghai Yijin Investment Management Firm (Limited Partnership) (“Shanghai Yijin Management”) (上海易津投資管理事務所(有限合夥)),
         whose general partner is Mr. Chen. Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in (i) the 42,251,198 Domestic
         Shares and 42,251,199 H Shares held by Shanghai Fangao and (ii) the 2,370,189 H Shares held by Cloud Tribe Yijin.

(3)      On December 30, 2025, Mr. Chen Fangming, Ms. Yang Hui and Mr. Qiu Debo entered into a concert party agreement, pursuant to which
         the parties to the agreement agreed to act in concert with respect to the shares in the Company held by them, directly or indirectly, in
         relation to, but not limited to, proposals and voting matters at general meetings, and such parties are parties acting in concert in respect
         of the shares of the Company. Therefore, under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, they are deemed to be jointly interested in the total
         number of shares held by each of them.

(4)      All interests stated above are long positions.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge and belief of the Company, none of the
Directors, Supervisors or the chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance) which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance; or (b) were required to be recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance; or (c) were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders in the Shares and
Underlying Shares of the Company

As at December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed or taken to have,
interests or short positions (including interests or short positions which such persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors
and chief executive of the Company) were taken or deemed to have under the provisions of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance) which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance:
68   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                                  Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                percentage of      percentage of
                                                                                  Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                                 Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
     Name of Shareholder                            Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


     Shanghai Fangao 1                              Beneficial owner             42,251,198              30.53              10.84
                                                                             Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                                 42,251,199              16.82              10.84
                                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Suzhou Zhongding No. 5 Equity Investment       Beneficial owner             23,420,841               9.32               6.01
       Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                      H Shares
       (“Zhongding No. 5”) 2

     Shanghai Dingxiao Enterprise Management        Interest in controlled       23,420,841               9.32               6.01
       Consulting Center (Limited Partnership)         corporation                 H Shares
       (“Shanghai Dingxiao”) 2

     Shanghai Dingman Enterprise Management         Interest in controlled       23,420,841               9.32               6.01
       Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Dingman”) 2                corporation                 H Shares

     Ningbo Dingji Venture Capital Partnership      Interest in controlled       23,420,841               9.32               6.01
       (Limited Partnership) (“Ningbo Dingji”) 2       corporation                 H Shares

     Ningbo Dingyan Venture Capital Partnership     Interest in controlled       23,420,841               9.32               6.01
       (Limited Partnership) (“Ningbo Dingyan”) 2      corporation                 H Shares

     Yin Junping (尹軍平) 2                            Interest in controlled       23,420,841               9.32               6.01
                                                       corporation                 H Shares

     Yan Li (嚴力) 2                                  Interest in controlled       25,762,926              10.25               6.61
                                                       corporation                 H Shares
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     69




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                          Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                        percentage of      percentage of
                                                                          Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                         Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
Name of Shareholder                         Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


Shanghai Zhongdi Investment Co., Ltd.       Interest in controlled       25,167,493              10.02               6.46
  (“Shanghai Zhongdi”) 3                       corporation                 H Shares

Li Tongzuan (李統鑽) 3                         Interest in controlled       25,167,493              10.02               6.46
                                               corporation                 H Shares

Shanghai Junhuai Investment Management      Interest in controlled       25,167,493              10.02               6.46
  Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Junhuai”) 3       corporation                 H Shares

Zhang Huixian (張輝賢) 3                       Interest in controlled       25,167,493              10.02               6.46
                                               corporation                 H Shares

Hunan Xiangtan Caixin Chanxing Equity       Beneficial owner             13,623,788               9.84               3.50
  Investment Partnership (Limited                                    Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
  Partnership) (“Xiangtan Caixin”) 4                                      7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                           H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Hunan Caixin Fund Management Co., Ltd.      Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
  (“Hunan Caixin”) 4                           corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                          7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                           H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Xiangtan Chanxing Private Equity Fund       Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
   Management Co., Ltd. (“Xiangtan             corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
   Chanxing”) 4                                                           7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                           H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Hunan Caixin Financial Holding Group Co.,   Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
  Ltd. (“Caixin Financial”) 4                  corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                          7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                           H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Hunan Provincial People’s Government 4      Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
                                               corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                          7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                           H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)
70   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                                  Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                percentage of      percentage of
                                                                                  Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                                 Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
     Name of Shareholder                            Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


     Xiangtan Industrial Investment Development     Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
        Group Co., Ltd. (“Xiangtan Industrial”) 4      corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                                  7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                                   H Shares            (shares)         (H Share)

     State-owned Assets Supervision and         Interest in controlled           13,623,788               9.84               3.50
       Administration Commission of Xiangtan       corporation               Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
       Municipal People’s Government (“Xiangtan                                   7,335,886               2.92               1.88
       SASAC”) 4                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Xiangtan Zhenxiang State Owned Assets          Interest in controlled       13,623,788               9.84               3.50
        Management and Investment Co., Ltd.            corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
        (“Xiangtan Zhenxiang”) 4                                                  7,335,886               2.92               1.88
                                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Hubei Changjiang Automobile Valley Industry    Beneficial owner             10,479,837               7.57               2.69
       Investment Fund Partnership (Limited                                  Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
       Partnership) (“Changjiang Automobile                                      10,479,837               4.17               2.69
       Valley”) 5                                                                  H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Hubei Changjiang Automobile Valley Private  Interest in controlled          10,479,837               7.57               2.69
       Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“Valley    corporation              Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
       Private Equity”) 5                                                        10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Hubei Changjiang Industrial Investment         Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
       Private Fund Management Co., Ltd.               corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
       (“Hubei Industrial Investment”) 5                                         10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Wuhan Economic Development Synergetic          Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
      Private Fund Management Co., Ltd.                corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
      (“Wuhan Economic Development”) 5                                           10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                                   H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     71




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                            Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of      percentage of
                                                                            Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                           Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
Name of Shareholder                           Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


Changjiang Industry Investment Group Co.,     Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
  Ltd. (“Changjiang Industry Investment”) 5      corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                           10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                             H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

State-owned Assets Supervision and            Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
  Administration Commission of Hubei             corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
  Provincial People’s Government                                           10,479,837               4.17               2.69
  (“Hubei SASAC”) 5                                                          H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Wuhan Economic Development Financial          Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
 Development Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Financial         corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
 Development”) 5                                                           10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                             H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Innovation Collaboration (Wuhan) Capital      Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
   Management Co., Ltd. (“Innovation             corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
   Collaboration”) 5                                                       10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                             H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Wuhan Economic Development Industry           Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
 Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan              corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
 Economic Development Industry                                             10,479,837               4.17               2.69
 Investment”) 5                                                              H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

State-owned Assets Supervision and          Interest in controlled         10,479,837               7.57               2.69
  Administration Commission of Wuhan           corporation             Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
  Economic and Technological Development                                   10,479,837               4.17               2.69
  Zone (Hannan District) (“Hannan SASAC”) 5                                  H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Xu Qitong (許啟彤) 5                             Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
                                                 corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                           10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                             H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)
72   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                                 Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                               percentage of      percentage of
                                                                                 Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                                Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
     Name of Shareholder                           Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


     Hubei Changjiang Industry Investment Fund     Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
       Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Industry Investment”) 5      corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                                10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                                  H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Wuhan Economic Development Investment         Interest in controlled       10,479,837               7.57               2.69
      Co., Ltd.5                                      corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                                10,479,837               4.17               2.69
                                                                                  H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

     Huzhou Qingyun Xinzhengtu Equity              Beneficial owner             19,373,720               7.71               4.97
       Investment Partnership (Limited                                            H Shares
       Partnership) (“Huzhou Qingyun”) 6

     Shanghai Puchao Private Fund Management       Interest in controlled       19,373,720               7.71               4.97
       Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Puchao”) 6                corporation                 H Shares

     Mu Lei (慕磊) 6                                 Interest in controlled       19,373,720               7.71               4.97
                                                      corporation                 H Shares

     Xiao Zhen (蕭震) 6                              Interest in controlled       19,373,720               7.71               4.97
                                                      corporation                 H Shares

     Ningbo Baili Yihe Energy Co., Ltd.            Interest in controlled       19,373,720               7.71               4.97
       (“Ningbo Baili Yihe”) 6                        corporation                 H Shares

     Han Ruichen (韓瑞辰) 6                           Interest in controlled       19,373,720               7.71               4.97
                                                      corporation                 H Shares

     Shanghai Jifang 7                             Beneficial owner              7,471,248               5.40               1.92
                                                                            Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                                 7,471,249               2.97               1.92
                                                                                  H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)
                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     73




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                               Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                             percentage of      percentage of
                                                                               Number of      shares of the       total issued
                                                                              Shares and    relevant class10         Shares10
Name of Shareholder                              Nature of Interest          Description9               (%)                (%)


Liu Xingyu (劉星宇) 7                               Interest in controlled        7,471,248               5.40               1.92
                                                    corporation           Domestic Shares   (Domestic Share)   (Domestic Share)
                                                                               7,471,249               2.97               1.92
                                                                                H Shares          (H Share)          (H Share)

Jinhua Boleidun Talent Equity Investment         Beneficial owner             13,973,116              10.10               3.59
   Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Jinhua                             Domestic Shares
   Boleidun”) 8

Jinhua Guokong Asset Management Co., Ltd. Interest in controlled              13,973,116              10.10               3.59
   (“Jinhua Guokong”) 8                      corporation                  Domestic Shares

Jinhua Innovation Investment Development         Interest in controlled       13,973,116              10.10               3.59
   Co., Ltd. (“Jinhua Innovation”）8                 corporation           Domestic Shares

Zhejiang Puhuatianqin Equity Investment          Interest in controlled       13,973,116              10.10               3.59
  Management Limited Corporation                    corporation           Domestic Shares
  (“Puhua Tianqin”) 8

Jinhua Jintou Group Co., Ltd.                    Interest in controlled       13,973,116              10.10               3.59
   (“Jinhua Jintou”) 8                              corporation           Domestic Shares

State-owned Assets Supervision and               Interest in controlled       13,973,116              10.10               3.59
  Administration Commission of Jinhua               corporation           Domestic Shares
  Municipal People’s Government
  (“Jinhua SASAC”) 8

Shen Qinhua (沈琴華) 8                              Interest in controlled       13,973,116              10.10               3.59
                                                    corporation           Domestic Shares

Lanxi Juli Industrial Fund Investment Co., Ltd. Interest in controlled        13,973,116              10.10               3.59
  (“Lanxi Juli”) 8                                 corporation            Domestic Shares
74   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



                                                                                                             Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of           percentage of
                                                                                         Number of          shares of the            total issued
                                                                                        Shares and        relevant class10              Shares10
     Name of Shareholder                               Nature of Interest              Description9                   (%)                     (%)


     Lanxi State-owned Capital Operation Co.,          Interest in controlled          13,973,116                     10.10                   3.59
       Ltd. (“Lanxi SOCO”) 8                              corporation              Domestic Shares

     State-owned Assets Supervision and                Interest in controlled          13,973,116                     10.10                   3.59
       Administration Office of Lanxi Municipal           corporation              Domestic Shares
       People’s Government (“Lanxi SASAO”) 8

     Lin Ziting (林姿廷)                                  Beneficial owner                 9,274,653                    6.70                   2.38
                                                                                   Domestic Shares        (Domestic Share)       (Domestic Share)
                                                                                        1,030,517                    0.41                   0.26
                                                                                         H Shares               (H Share)              (H Share)

     Notes:

     (1)      Among the 86,872,586 Shares, (i) 84,502,397 Shares are directly held by Shanghai Fangao; and (ii) 2,370,189 Shares are directly held by
              Cloud Tribe Yijin. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Chen was the general partner of Shanghai Fangao. Besides, as of December 31, 2025,
              the general partner of Cloud Tribe Yijin was Cloud Tribe Management, which was held as to 51% by Shanghai Yijin and 49% by Yijin
              Venture Capital Management. Yijin Venture Capital Management was held as to approximately 51.76% by Shanghai Yijin. Shanghai Yijin
              was held as to approximately 19.49% by Mr. Chen and approximately 80.51% by Shanghai Yijin Management, whose general partner was
              Mr. Chen. Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen was deemed to be interested in (i) the 84,502,397 Shares held by Shanghai Fangao
              and (ii) the 2,370,189 Shares held by Cloud Tribe Yijin.

     (2)      Among the 25,762,926 Shares, (i) 23,420,841 Shares are directly held by Zhongding No. 5; and (ii) 2,342,085 Shares are directly held
              by Suzhou Zhongding No. 5 Qinglan Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Zhongding Qinglan”). As of December
              31, 2025, (i) Shanghai Dingxiao Enterprise Management Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海鼎蕭企業管理諮詢中心(有限合夥))
              (“Shanghai Dingxiao”) was the general partner of Zhongding No.5; (ii) Shanghai Dingman Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (上海鼎蔓企
              業管理有限公司) (“Shanghai Dingman”) was the general partner of Shanghai Dingxiao, Ningbo Dingji Venture Capital Partnership (Limited
              Partnership) (寧波鼎集創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Ningbo Dingji”) was a limited partner of Shanghai Dingxiao holding approximately
              60.83% partnership interests therein, and Ningbo Dingyan Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波鼎嚴創業投資合夥企業
              (有限合夥)) (“Ningbo Dingyan”) was a limited partner of Shanghai Dingxiao holding approximately 37.78% partnership interests therein;
              (iii) Shanghai Dingman was the general partner of Ningbo Dingji, and Yin Junping was a limited partner of Ningbo Dingji holding 66.25%
              partnership interests therein; (iv) Shanghai Dingman was the general partner of Ningbo Dingyan, and Yan Li was a limited partner of
              Ningbo Dingyan holding approximately 66.49% partnership interests therein; and (v) Shanghai Dingman was owned as to 52.88% by Yan
              Li. Besides, as of December 31, 2025, (i) Shanghai Dingying Investment Management (Limited Partnership) (上海鼎迎投資管理中心(有限
              合夥)) (“Shanghai Dingying”) was the general partner of Zhongding Qinglan; and (ii) Yan Li was the general partner of Shanghai Dingying.
              Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, (i) Yan Li was deemed to be interested in 23,420,841 Shares held by Zhongding No. 5, and 2,342,085
              Shares held by Zhongding Qinglan; and (ii) each of Shanghai Dingxiao, Shanghai Dingman, Ningbo Dingji, Ningbo Dingyan, and Yin
              Junping was deemed to be interested in 23,420,841 Shares held by Zhongding No. 5.
                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              75




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


(3)   Among the 25,167,493 Shares, (i) 8,519,491 Shares are directly held by Zibo Naying Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
      (“Zibo Naying”); (ii) 7,934,981 Shares are directly held by Fujian Diquan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Fujian
      Diquan”); (iii) 4,590,953 Shares are directly held by Jiaxing Tongneng Xingyuan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Jiaxing
      Tongneng”); and (iv) 4,122,068 Shares are directly held by Jiaxing Dixin Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Jiaxing Dixin”).
      As of December 31, 2025, the general partner of each of Jiaxing Dixin, Fujian Diquan, Jiaxing Tongneng and Zibo Naying was Shanghai
      Zhongdi Investment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Zhongdi”), which in turn was owned as to 39% by Li Tongzuan and 38% by Shanghai Junhuai
      Investment Management Group Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai Junhuai”). Shanghai Junhuai was owned as to 61.8% by Zhang Huixian. Therefore, by
      virtue of the SFO, each of Shanghai Zhongdi, Li Tongzuan, Shanghai Junhuai and Zhang Huixian was deemed to be interested in a total of
      25,167,493 Shares.

(4)   As of December 31, 2025, (i) Hunan Caixin Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖南省財信產業基金管理有限公司) (“Hunan Caixin”) and
      Xiangtan Chanxing Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湘潭產興私募股權基金管理有限責任公司) (“Xiangtan Chanxing”) were
      general partners of Xiangtan Caixin; (ii) Hunan Caixin was wholly-owned by Hunan Caixin Financial Holding Group Co., Ltd. (湖南財信
      金融控股集團有限公司) (“Caixin Financial”), which was in turn wholly-owned by Hunan Provincial People’s Government (湖南省人民政
      府); and (iii) Xiangtan Chanxing was wholly-owned by Xiangtan Industrial Investment Development Group Co., Ltd. (湘潭產業投資發展集
      團有限公司) (“Xiangtan Industrial”), which was owned as to 90% by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
      Xiangtan Municipal People’s Government (湘潭市人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會) (“Xiangtan SASAC”). Besides, as of December 31,
      2025, (i) Xiangtan Zhenxiang State Owned Assets Management and Investment Co., Ltd. (湘潭振湘國有資產經營投資有限公司) (“Xiangtan
      Zhenxiang”) was a limited partner of Xiangtan Caixin holding approximately 49.98% of the partnership interests therein, which in turn
      was wholly-owned by Xiangtan Industrial. Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, each of Hunan Caixin, Xiangtan Chanxing, Caixin Financial,
      Hunan Provincial People’s Government, Xiangtan Industrial, Xiangtan SASAC and Xiangtan Zhenxiang was deemed to be interested in the
      20,959,674 Shares held by Xiangtan Caixin.


(5)   As of December 31, 2025, (i) Hubei Changjiang Automobile Valley Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖北長江車谷私募基金管理
      有限公司) (“Valley Private Equity”) was the general partner of Changjiang Automobile Valley; (ii) Valley Private Equity was owned as to 51%
      by Hubei Changjiang Industrial Investment Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (湖北長江產投私募基金管理有限公司) (“Hubei Industrial
      Investment”), and 40% by Wuhan Economic Development Synergetic Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (武漢經開協同私募基金管理有限
      公司) (“Wuhan Economic Development”); (iii) Hubei Industrial Investment was wholly-owned by Changjiang Industry Investment Group Co.,
      Ltd. (長江產業投資集團有限公司) (“Changjiang Industry Investment”), which was in turn wholly-owned by State-owned Assets Supervision
      and Administration Commission of Hubei Provincial People’s Government (湖北省人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會) (“Hubei SASAC”);
      (iv) Wuhan Economic Development was owned as to 49% by Wuhan Economic Development Financial Development Co., Ltd. (武漢經開
      金融發展有限公司) (“Wuhan Financial Development”), and 41.2% by Innovation Collaboration (Wuhan) Capital Management Co., Ltd. (創
      新協同(武漢)資本管理有限公司) (“Innovation Collaboration”); (v) Wuhan Financial Development was wholly-owned by Wuhan Economic
      Development Industry Investment Group Co., Ltd. (武漢經開產業投資集團有限公司) (“Wuhan Economic Development Industry Investment”),
      which was in turn wholly-owned by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Wuhan Economic and Technological
      Development Zone (Hannan District) (武漢經濟技術開發區(漢南區)國有資產監督管理局) (“Hannan SASAC”); and (vi) Innovation Collaboration
      was owned as to 87.8% by Xu Qitong. Besides, as of December 31, 2025, (i) Hubei Changjiang Industry Investment Fund Co., Ltd. (湖北
      長江產業投資基金有限公司) (“Hubei Industry Investment”) was a limited partner of Changjiang Automobile Valley holding approximately
      49.92% of the partnership interests therein, which in turn was wholly-owned by Changjiang Industry Investment. As of December 31, 2025,
      Wuhan Economic Development Investment Co., Ltd. (武漢經開投資有限公司) was a limited partner of Changjiang Automobile Valley holding
      approximately 33.33% of the partnership interests therein, which in turn was wholly-owned by Wuhan Economic Development Industry
      Investment. Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, each of Valley Private Equity, Hubei Industrial Investment, Wuhan Economic Development,
      Changjiang Industry Investment, Hubei SASAC, Wuhan Financial Development, Innovation Collaboration, Wuhan Economic Development
      Industry Investment, Hannan SASAC, Xu Qitong, Hubei Industry Investment, and Wuhan Economic Development Investment Co., Ltd. was
      deemed to be interested in the 20,959,674 Shares held by Changjiang Automobile Valley.
76   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


     (6)    As of December 31, 2025, (i) Shanghai Puchao Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (上海普超私募基金管理有限公司) (“Shanghai Puchao”)
            was the general partner of Huzhou Qingyun; (ii) Shanghai Puchao was owned as to 51.00% by Mu Lei and 49.00% by Xiao Zhen; and
            (iii) Ningbo Baili Yihe Energy Co., Ltd. (寧波百利怡和能源有限公司) (“Ningbo Baili Yihe”) was a limited partner of Huzhou Qingyun holding
            approximately 82.02% of the partnership interests therein, which in turn was owned as to 95% by Han Ruichen. Therefore, by virtue of the
            SFO, each of Shanghai Puchao, Mu Lei, Xiao Zhen, Ningbo Baili Yihe and Han Ruichen was deemed to be interested in the 19,373,720
            Shares held by Huzhou Qingyun.

     (7)    As of December 31, 2025, Liu Xingyu was the general partner of Shanghai Jifang. Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, Liu Xingyu was deemed
            to be interested in the 14,942,497 Shares held by Shanghai Jifang.

     (8)    As of December 31, 2025, (i) Jinhua Innovation Investment Development Co., Ltd. (金華市創新投資發展有限公司) (“Jinhua Innovation”)
            was the general partner of Jinhua Boleidun; (ii) Jinhua Innovation was owned as to 46.67% by Jinhua Guokong Asset Management Co.,
            Ltd. (金華市國控資產管理有限公司) (“Jinhua Guokong”), and 41.33% by Zhejiang Puhua Tianqin Equity Investment Management Limited
            Corporation (浙江普華天勤股權投資管理有限公司) (“Puhua Tianqin”); (iii) Jinhua Guokong was wholly-owned by Jinhua Jintou Group Co.,
            Ltd. (金華市金投集團有限公司) (“Jinhua Jintou”), which was in turn owned as to approximately 93.61% by State-owned Assets Supervision
            and Administration Commission of Jinhua Municipal People’s Government (金華市人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會) (“Jinhua SASAC”);
            (iv) Puhua Tianqin was owned as to 72% by Shen Qinhua. Besides, as of December 31, 2025, (i) Lanxi Juli Industrial Fund Investment Co.,
            Ltd. (蘭溪市聚力產業基金投資有限公司) (“Lanxi Juli”) was a limited partner of Jinhua Boleidun holding 35% of the partnership interests
            therein, which in turn was wholly-owned by Lanxi State-owned Capital Operation Co., Ltd. (蘭溪市國有資本運營有限公司) (“Lanxi SOCO”);
            and (ii) Lanxi SOCO was owned as to 90% by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Office of Lanxi Municipal People’s
            Government (蘭溪市人民政府國有資產監督管理辦公室) (“Lanxi SASAO”). Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, each of Jinhua Innovation,
            Jinhua Guokong, Puhua Tianqin, Jinhua Jintou, Jinhua SASAC, Shen Qinhua, Lanxi Juli, Lanxi SOCO, and Lanxi SASAO was deemed to
            be interested in the 13,973,116 Shares held by Jinhua Boleidun.

     (9)    All the aforesaid interests are long positions.

     (10)   The approximate percentages are calculated based on the 251,241,531 H Shares and 138,410,231 Domestic Shares in issue of the
            Company, totalling 389,651,762 Shares, as at December 31, 2025.


     Employee Incentive Schemes

     In recognition of the contributions of the relevant persons (primarily comprise our employees) and to incentivize them to
     further promote our development, Shanghai Jifang, Shanghai Fangzhanbo and Shanghai Fangao, were established in the
     PRC as our incentive platforms (the “Incentive Platforms”). For further details of the Incentive Platforms, see “History,
     Development and Corporate Structure — Incentive Platforms” in the Prospectus. We have adopted our employee incentive
     schemes in respect of the Incentive Platforms (the “Employee Incentive Schemes”). For details of the Employee Incentive
     Schemes, please refer to “Statutory and General Information – C. Further Information about Our Directors, Supervisors and
     Substantial Shareholders – 5. Employee Incentive Schemes” in Appendix VI to the Prospectus. The Employee Incentive
     Schemes are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as they do not involve the grant of options
     or share awards by our Company to subscribe for the Shares after the Listing. As of the Latest Practicable Date, given
     the underlying Shares under the Employee Incentive Schemes had already been issued to the Incentive Platforms, there
     will not be any dilution effect to the issued Shares. The selected participants under the Employee Incentive Schemes (the
     “Participants”) are granted awards in the form of economic interests in the Incentive Platforms and become indirectly
     interested in our Company through their respective interests as limited partners of the relevant Incentive Platforms upon
     acquisition of partnership interests in the relevant Incentive Platforms.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        77




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



Pension Scheme/Retirement Benefits Scheme
Pursuant to the relevant PRC rules and regulations, employees of the Group based in the PRC participate in various
defined contribution retirement benefit schemes organized by the relevant municipal and provincial governments under
which the Group and the employees are required to make monthly contributions to these schemes at a certain percentage
of the employees’ salaries (subject to certain caps). The municipal and provincial governments have undertaken to assume
the responsibility for the retirement benefits obligations payable to all existing and future retired employees under the
schemes mentioned above in the PRC. Other than the monthly contributions, the Group has no obligation for the payment
of retirement and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these schemes are held separately
from the assets of the Group in independently administered funds administered by the PRC government. The Group’s
contributions to these schemes are expensed as incurred.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has no right to utilize the forfeited contributions under the aforesaid
social insurance and housing fund schemes to reduce the existing contribution levels, and accordingly, no such
contributions have been utilized. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group maintained no defined benefit
plans.

Details of these retirement schemes are set out in Note 6(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

Remuneration Policy
The remuneration of the Directors and the Group’s senior management is determined by the Board with reference to their
respective responsibilities, duties, experience, individual performance and time commitment to the Group, and may be
adjusted based on recommendations from the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee. The Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee was established to consider the Company’s remuneration policy and all remuneration structures for the
Company’s Directors and senior management.

Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and the Five Highest-Paid Individuals
The Directors, Supervisors and senior management members who receive remuneration from the Company are paid in
the forms of salaries and other benefits in kind, discretionary bonuses, retirement benefit scheme contributions and share-
based payment. The remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management members is determined with
reference to the remuneration paid by comparable companies and the achievement of major operating indicators of the
Company.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in Notes 8 and 9
to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, no remuneration was paid or payable by the Company to any Director, Supervisor
or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Company. For the year ended December
31, 2025, no compensation was paid or payable by the Company to any Director, former Director, Supervisor, former
Supervisor or the five highest paid individuals for the loss of office in connection with the management of the affairs of any
subsidiary of the Company.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, no Director or Supervisor has waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
or benefits in kind. Save as disclosed above, for the year ended December 31, 2025, no other payments were paid or
payable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to the Directors, Supervisors or the five highest paid individuals.
78   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Connected Transactions

     From the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, the Company has strictly complied with the requirements of Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules regarding its connected transactions. Details of the non-exempt connected transactions entered into
     by the Company from the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025 are set out below.

     Entering into the Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement

     On June 4, 2025, the Company, Breton Smart Electric (博雷頓智電), formerly known as Baipin (Shanghai) Intelligent
     Technology Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, and Shanghai Yijin entered into a capital increase agreement (the
     “Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement”). Shanghai Yijin is one of the Company’s controlling shareholders
     and is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions
     contemplated under the Capital Increase Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules. Pursuant to the Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement, Shanghai Yijin will contribute
     RMB20 million to increase the capital and expand the shareholding of Breton Smart Electric, and the registered capital
     of Breton Smart Electric is proposed to be increased from RMB40 million to RMB60 million. Prior to this capital increase,
     Breton Smart Electric was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion of this capital increase, the
     Company’s shareholding in Breton Smart Electric will decrease to approximately 66.67%, and Breton Smart Electric
     will remain a subsidiary of the Company and will continue to be consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements.

     This capital increase:

     (1)    was agreed through negotiation among the parties, with the price for this capital increase being RMB1 per RMB1 of
            registered capital.

     (2)    The parties confirmed that Shanghai Yijin will contribute capital in cash, with this capital increase amount being
            RMB20 million, to subscribe for the newly issued registered capital of Breton Smart Electric of RMB20 million, of
            which RMB20 million will be recorded in the registered capital of Breton Smart Electric, and RMB0 will be recorded
            in the capital reserve of Breton Smart Electric.

     (3)    During this capital increase, the Company waived its pre-emptive rights for this capital increase, regardless of
            whether such rights were obtained based on legal provisions, the articles of association or any other reasons.

     (4)    Breton Smart Electric shall submit the industrial and commercial change materials for this capital increase to the
            industrial and commercial registration authority within ten working days after Shanghai Yijin pays the full capital
            contribution amount, and shall provide Shanghai Yijin with a copy of the amended business license of the enterprise
            legal person affixed with Breton Smart Electric’s official seal, the original capital contribution certificate and the
            register of members as soon as possible. Upon completion of the industrial and commercial change registration,
            the capital increase will be deemed to have been completed (the “Completion Date”). Shanghai Yijin shall become
            a shareholder of Breton Smart Electric from the Completion Date, enjoying and bearing the shareholder rights and
            obligations stipulated in Breton Smart Electric’s articles of association and PRC laws.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        79




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


(5)    After the Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement is signed and becomes effective, the parties shall
       cooperate with each other to handle relevant procedures. Shanghai Yijin agreed to fully contribute the capital
       increase amount, totaling RMB20 million, to Breton Smart Electric’s designated account by August 3, 2025.

The Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement became effective upon signing by the parties and approval by the
shareholders’ meeting of Breton Smart Electric.

Pursuant to the Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement, the price for Shanghai Yijin’s subscription for the newly
increased registered capital of Breton Smart Electric is RMB1 per RMB1 of registered capital. This pricing was determined
through joint negotiation among the parties to this capital increase based on the principles of voluntariness, fairness and
justice, taking into account Breton Smart Electric’s financial position as at December 31, 2024 as well as its operational
needs, future development and funding arrangements.

This capital increase is in line with the strategic development plans of the Company and Breton Smart Electric, and will help
Breton Smart Electric enhance its capital strength and optimise its shareholding structure. This move will further strengthen
the synergy and support between the Company and Breton Smart Electric, support its achievement of overseas business
and globalisation goals, enhance its independent development capabilities, and ultimately enhance the Company’s core
competitiveness and promote long-term high-quality development.

The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) confirmed that (i) the terms of the Breton Smart Electric
Capital Increase Agreement are fair and reasonable; (ii) the transactions contemplated under the Breton Smart Electric
Capital Increase Agreement were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, and the terms
of the Capital Increase Agreement were on normal commercial terms or better, and in the ordinary and usual course of
business; and (iii) this capital increase is in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

For details of the Breton Smart Electric Capital Increase Agreement and the transactions thereunder, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated June 4, 2025.

Entering into the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement

On December 2, 2025, the Company, Breton Intelligent, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Breton Investment,
Mr. Bai Furu, Mr. Cui Hongyang and Mr. Huang Haike entered into a capital increase agreement (the “Breton Intelligent
Capital Increase Agreement”). Breton Investment is one of the Company’s controlling shareholders and is a connected
person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the
Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules. Pursuant to the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement, the Company will contribute RMB24 million in
cash, Breton Investment will contribute RMB3 million in cash, Mr. Cui Hongyang will contribute RMB6 million in cash, Mr.
Huang Haike will contribute RMB4 million in cash and Mr. Bai Furu will contribute RMB3 million in cash, for a total cash
contribution of RMB40 million to increase the capital and expand the shareholding of Breton Intelligent.
80   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


     Prior to this capital increase, Breton Intelligent was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion of this
     capital increase, the registered capital of Breton Intelligent will increase from RMB10 million to RMB50 million, and Breton
     Intelligent will be held approximately 68% by the Company, approximately 6% by Breton Investment, approximately
     12% by Mr. Cui Hongyang, approximately 8% by Mr. Huang Haike and approximately 6% by Mr. Bai Furu. Although the
     Company’s shareholding in Breton Intelligent will decrease from 100% to approximately 68%, Breton Intelligent will remain
     a subsidiary of the Company and will be consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

     This capital increase:

     (1)    was agreed through negotiation among the parties, that the registered capital of Breton Intelligent will be increased
            from RMB10 million to RMB50 million, with the new increase being RMB40 million;

     (2)    The price for the capital increase is RMB1 per RMB1 of registered capital;

     (3)    Each party will contribute capital in cash, with the Company contributing RMB24 million from its own funds, Breton
            Investment contributing RMB3 million, Mr. Cui Hongyang contributing RMB6 million, Mr. Huang Haike contributing
            RMB4 million and Mr. Bai Furu contributing RMB3 million, for a total contribution of RMB40 million, among which,
            RMB40 million will be recorded in Breton Intelligent’s registered capital, and RMB0 will be recorded in Breton
            Intelligent’s capital reserve;

     (4)    The parties agree to pay the capital contribution amount in a lump sum to Breton Intelligent’s account within 5
            working days after Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement becomes effective;

     (5)    Breton Intelligent shall submit the industrial and commercial change materials for this capital increase to the
            industrial and commercial registration authority within 30 days after each investor pays the full capital contribution
            amount, and shall provide the new shareholders with a copy of the business license affixed with its official seal,
            capital contribution certificates and other materials. The date of completion of the industrial and commercial change
            shall be the Completion Date;

     The Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement shall become effective upon signing by the parties and approval by the
     general meeting of Breton Intelligent.

     The capital contribution paid by the Company in this capital increase was funded by the net proceeds from the Company’s
     global offering.

     Pursuant to the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement, all investors will contribute capital at a price of RMB1 per
     RMB1 of registered capital. This price was determined through negotiation among the parties to this capital increase based
     on the principles of voluntariness, fairness and justice, taking into account the financial position of each party and Breton
     Intelligent as at the signing date of the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement, and Breton Intelligent’s funding needs
     for technology research and development and deployment implementation in the field of unmanned dump trucks in mining
     sites.
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         81




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD


This capital increase will help enhance Breton Intelligent’s capital strength, lay a solid financial foundation for its promotion
of intelligent mining and automation-related businesses, and is also in line with the strategic development plans of Breton
Investment and other investors. At the same time, the introduction of external funds can further optimise its shareholding
structure, enhance the Company’s governance level, promote its long-term stable development, and ultimately enhance
the Company’s core competitiveness and promote its long-term high-quality development. Although the Company’s
shareholding in Breton Intelligent will decrease, Breton Intelligent will remain a subsidiary of the Company and will be
consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial statements. This capital increase will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s financial position and business.

As disclosed in the “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” section of the Prospectus, approximately 20% of the net
proceeds, or HK$29.5 million, will be used to develop a complete set of scenario-specific products and solutions equipped
with intelligent technologies, as well as advanced systems such as an AI expert service support system, an automatic
operating system utilising cloud computing and edge computing, and roadside systems for automatic cluster operations.
Under this plan, this capital increase clarifies that the Group will take Breton Intelligent as the core entity focusing on
technology research and development and deployment of unmanned dump trucks in mining sites, leveraging and
integrating resources to invest in the research and development of a new generation of unmanned vehicles and dispatching
systems, and developing a complete set of scenario-specific products and solutions equipped with intelligent technologies
and an AI expert service support system. At the same time, Breton Intelligent will continue to strengthen its R&D talent
system construction, recruiting R&D experts in fields such as algorithms and machine learning to comprehensively enhance
its core technical capabilities.

The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) confirm that (i) the terms of the Breton Intelligent
Capital Increase Agreement are fair and reasonable; (ii) the terms of the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement are
entered into on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) the Capital Increase is in the interests of the Company and its
shareholders as a whole.

For details of the Breton Intelligent Capital Increase Agreement and the transactions thereunder, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated December 2, 2025.

Related Party Transactions

Details of the significant related party transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period are disclosed
in Note 31 to the financial statements. The related party transactions disclosed in Note 31 do not constitute connected
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, or are exempt from the reporting, announcement, annual review and
independent shareholders’ approval requirements under the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Material Contracts

Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, during the period from the Listing Date up to December 31, 2025, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries entered into any material contract with the controlling shareholders or any of their
subsidiaries, nor was there any material contract for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by
the controlling shareholders or any of their subsidiaries.
82   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Use of Net Proceeds

     Use of Net Proceeds from Global Offering

     The Company was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on May 7, 2025 and 13,000,000 new H Shares were
     issued at an offer price of HK$18.0 per Share. After deducting underwriting commissions, fees and other expenses in
     relation to the Global Offering, the net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted to HK$147.8 million. The proceeds
     from the Global Offering received by the Group have been and will be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed in the
     section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, with details as follows:

                                                                                       Utilized      Unutilized
                                                 Approximate                         amounts          amounts
                                                  percentage            Actual            as at           as at       Expected time
                                                      of total        amounts    December 31,     December 31,          of unutilized
     Purpose                                       net assets of net proceeds             2025            2025             proceeds
                                                                 (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


     Investment in technology advancement                40%              59.1             39.2              19.9   To be utilized before
        and the development of new products                                                                         December 31, 2026
        and services
     Establishment of manufacturing plants               40%              59.1             18.2              40.9   To be utilized before
        and the procurement of essential                                                                              the first quarter of
        machinery                                                                                                                   2027
     Expansion of sales and services network             10%              14.8             12.2               2.6   To be utilized before
                                                                                                                    December 31, 2027
     Working capital and general corporate               10%              14.8             14.8                0                         –
      purposes


     Total                                              100%             147.8             84.4              63.4                       –
                                                                           2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          83




8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



Use of Net Proceeds from the Placing

On November 24, 2025, the Company completed the placing of an aggregate of 10,000,000 new H Shares (representing
approximately 3.98% of the issued H Shares and approximately 2.57% of the total number of issued shares immediately
after the allotment and issuance of the Placing Shares upon completion of the placing, respectively) under the terms and
subject to the conditions set out in the placing agreement (the “Placing”), with an aggregate par value of RMB10,000,000.
The placing price for the Placing was HK$25.08 per H Share (excluding applicable brokerage commission, transaction
levy, trading fee and levies). After deducting all applicable costs and expenses, the net price receivable by the Company
per share was approximately HK$24.0. The placees shall not be less than six persons who are individuals, professional
or institutional investors. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable
enquiries, the placees and their respective ultimate beneficial owners are independent third parties. None of the placees
became a substantial shareholder of the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules) immediately upon completion of the
Placing. Among them, the closing price on the date of agreeing the terms of issue or sale of the Placing on November 14,
2025 was HK$29.50 per share.

The gross proceeds from the Placing and the net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting commissions and estimated
expenses) amounted to approximately HK$250.8 million and approximately HK$240.0 million, respectively. The proceeds
received from the Placing by the Group have been and will be applied in accordance with the plan as disclosed in the
Company’s announcement dated November 24, 2025 regarding the completion of placing of new H Shares under the
general mandate (the “Announcement on Completion of Placing”), as set out below:

                                                                                 Utilized      Unutilized
                                           Approximate                         amounts          amounts
                                            percentage            Actual            as at           as at           Expected time
                                                of total        amounts    December 31,     December 31,              of unutilized
Purpose                                      net assets of net proceeds             2025            2025                 proceeds
                                                           (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


Investment and development of overseas             70%             168.0             34.1            133.9        To be utilized before
   PV & energy-storage projects                                                                                       the end of 2027
Repayment of the Group’s interest –                15%              36.0             31.0              5.0        To be utilized before
   bearing borrowings                                                                                                 the end of 2026
R&D, commercialization and demonstration           15%              36.0               0              36.0        To be utilized before
   application of dump truck dispatching                                                                              the end of 2026
   large model system


Total                                             100%             240.0             65.1            174.9                           –


For details of the reasons for and benefits of the Placing and the intended use of proceeds from the Placing, please refer
to the Company’s announcements dated November 14, 2025 and November 24, 2025.
84   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     8. REPORT OF THE BOARD



     Material Litigation

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group was not involved in any material legal litigation.

     Review by the Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee has reviewed with the Company’s management the annual financial results of the Group for the year
     ended December 31, 2025. The Audit Committee considered that the annual results are in compliance with the applicable
     accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures thereof. The Audit
     Committee has also discussed with the senior management of the Company matters relating to the accounting policies
     and practices adopted by the Company, as well as internal controls.

     Auditors

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, KPMG acted as the reporting accountant and independent auditor of the
     Company. The financial statements as set out in this Annual Report, which have been prepared in accordance with
     International Financial Reporting Standards, have been audited by KPMG.

     KPMG will retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A
     resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General
     Meeting.

     Since the Listing Date, the auditor of the Company has remained unchanged.

     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On February 10, 2026, the Group entered into an energy storage system equipment procurement contract with a third-
     party supplier in relation to the procurement, supply and related services of equipment for the Ruashi Microgrid Project in
     the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The total contract price is approximately EUR39 million. For details, please refer to
     the announcement of the Company dated February 10, 2026.

     On March 5, 2026, the Group entered into a general construction contract with a third-party construction company in
     respect of the Jinchuan Ruashi Digital Energy Project. Pursuant to the contract, the contractor shall be responsible for
     the civil engineering and installation works of this project, with a total contract price of approximately USD17 million. For
     details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 5, 2026.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   85




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Table of Contents

Board Briefing                                                                                                    86

1.     About This Report                                                                                          93

2.     Enhancing Responsible Governance to Safeguard Sustainable Development                                      95

3.     Committing to Green Development                                                                            99

4.     Leading Technological Innovation, Driving Digital and Intelligent Transformation                          117

5.     Fostering a Harmonious Workplace and Fulfilling Social Responsibility                                     127

Appendix 1 Environmental Performance Data Table                                                                  133

Appendix 2 Social Performance Data Table                                                                         134

Appendix 3 Governance Performance Data Table                                                                     136

Appendix 4 Key Applicable Laws and Regulations                                                                   136

Appendix 5 HKEX ESG Reporting Code Content Index                                                                 139

Appendix 6 Climate-related Disclosure Content Index                                                              143
86   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Board Briefing

     Chairman’s Statement
     Based on ESG Foundations, Build Long-Term Value Through New Quality Productivity and Global
     Development

     Over the past year, the global industrial landscape has accelerated its restructuring. New quality productivity, centred on
     technological innovation, continues to drive the upgrading of traditional industries, with green, low-carbon and intelligent
     approaches becoming key directions for industrial development. Corporate competitiveness increasingly manifests in the
     integrated levels of innovation capability, resource efficiency, and sustainable development. Environmental, Social and
     Governance (ESG) principles are becoming deeply embedded in corporate management, emerging as a pivotal force in
     enhancing the quality of growth.

     Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) continues to integrate ESG principles into its development strategy,
     focusing on mining electrification, energy cleanliness, and intelligent technologies to lead the industry towards upgrades
     characterised by higher efficiency, lower energy consumption, and enhanced safety. Through technological innovation and
     scenario-based applications, the Company continuously enhances product competitiveness and solution value, creating
     sustainable economic benefits for customers while driving the industry’s transition towards green development.

     New-type productive forces inject core momentum into the Company’s development. Leveraging new energy technologies,
     intelligent equipment, automated systems, and digital capabilities, the Company is propelling the mining sector towards a
     phase of high-tech, high-efficiency, and high-quality development. The continuous enhancement of innovation capacity not
     only yields novel product forms and service models but also continually expands the boundaries of corporate growth.

     Within the globalisation process, the Company persistently advances its “going global” strategy, extending innovative
     technologies and systematic solutions to broader international markets. The global mining sector’s growing demand for
     clean energy and intelligent upgrades has opened new development opportunities for the enterprise. By participating in
     global industrial collaboration, the Company not only drives business growth but also introduces green technologies and
     efficient operational models to more regions, injecting fresh momentum into the global mining industry’s upgrading and
     sustainable development.

     The value generated by ESG is reflected in revenue growth, cost optimisation, and efficiency improvements, as well as in
     enhanced corporate governance capabilities and long-term developmental resilience. By continuously refining management
     systems, strengthening risk control, and enhancing cross-regional coordination, the Company continually elevates its global
     operational capabilities, laying the foundation for sustained, robust development.

     Looking ahead, the Company will persistently advance its ESG development philosophy, with new-quality productive forces
     as the core driver. It will resolutely pursue global expansion, continuously propel innovation and integration within the
     energy and resources sectors, and contribute enduring strength to global green development while creating commercial
     value.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        87




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



ESG Strategy Overview and Corporate Culture

Since establishing the development of “zero-carbon mining robots” as a key strategic objective and elevating its status,
the Company has clearly defined its future direction and consolidated the foundations for sustainable development. We
actively maintain a balance between commercial value, social value, and shareholder value, achieving sustainable corporate
development through steady progress while fully considering the interests of shareholders and all stakeholders.

In realising commercial value, the Company prioritises user value, investing substantially in advancing cutting-edge
technology and product R&D capabilities. We reinforce safeguards for user privacy and data security, delivering premium
and innovative product experiences. We facilitate industrial digital transformation, co-create social value, and share
commercial outcomes arising from the convergence of digital and physical economies.

In pioneering social value, the Company focuses on developing innovative technological and product solutions to alleviate
societal challenges. We guide business units in identifying and enhancing the social value of products and operations,
collaborating with specialised non-profit organisations across key sectors to incubate projects delivering scalable societal
benefits.

Regarding shareholder value, the Company remains steadfast in creating user value while organically integrating social
and commercial value. This approach solidifies the foundation for sustainable development and enhances the enterprise’s
long-term worth. During the reporting period, the Company was honoured with the titles of “Minhang District Enterprise
Technology Centre” and “Shanghai Manufacturing Single Champion” for its outstanding technological innovation capabilities
and industrial contributions. Concurrently, it successfully passed the re-evaluation for its “Specialized, Sophisticated,
Differential, and Innovative SMEs” Little Giants Enterprise status and Shanghai High-Tech Enterprise certification. Moreover,
its subsidiary, Breton (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd., was successfully recognised as both a High-Tech Enterprise and an
Innovative Enterprise. These achievements fully demonstrate the company’s sustained accumulation in core technological
domains and its market-leading position, further fortifying its competitive resilience and growth potential.

Breton has established the development of “zero-carbon mining robots” as a key strategic objective, steadfastly
implementing a development philosophy centred on “green, intelligent, efficiency-enhancing practices and the harmonious
coexistence of humanity and nature”. The company consistently leads the mining industry’s green transformation through
technological innovation, focusing on three core domains: clean energy, electric equipment, and unmanned operations.
This drives high-energy consumption and high-emission scenarios towards zero-carbon operations. The company
implements systematic deployment across environmental, social, and governance dimensions, encompassing carbon
reduction target setting, green manufacturing and energy conservation management, employee rights protection, supply
chain compliance management, and governance structure optimisation. This holistic approach strives to unify economic,
environmental, and social value. The company positions ESG as the strategic engine driving its long-term, high-quality
development. It continuously strengthens transparent governance, innovation capabilities, and sustainable resilience,
striving to become the global leader in zero-carbon mining robotics. This commitment contributes to both China’s dual
carbon goals and global sustainable development.
88   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Board Statement

     The Board of Directors of the Company places high importance on ESG management principles, recognising ESG as
     a critical safeguard for the Company’s long-term stable development. ESG is deeply integrated into the Company’s
     development strategy, with close attention paid to the overall performance of the Company’s ESG governance and
     continuous refinement of ESG management mechanisms. While ensuring the achievement of the Company’s operational
     objectives, the Company actively responds to the expectations of shareholders and stakeholders, earnestly fulfils its
     corporate social responsibilities, and continuously creates long-term value for society, thereby safeguarding the Company’s
     sustainable and high-quality development.

     The Board and all directors warrant that this report contains no false records, misleading statements or material omissions,
     and assume responsibility for its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness. This report comprehensively discloses the
     progress and outcomes of the Company’s ESG initiatives during the reporting period and was approved by the Board at
     its Board meeting on 30 March 2026.

     2025 ESG Highlights and Progress

     Environment:

     •      Successfully obtained ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System certification

     •      By 2028, 30% of annual electricity consumption across our manufacturing facilities will be sourced from
            photovoltaic power generation systems

     •      By 2028, our water intensity will decrease by 5% relative to the 2023 baseline

     Social:

     •      During the reporting period, the Group secured 12 new authorized patents in China, totalling 163 cumulative
            authorized patents domestically; 3 new patents were granted overseas, reaching a cumulative total of 3 authorized
            patents internationally

     •      During the reporting period, employees across all locations completed a cumulative 2,100 training hours, averaging
            approximately 6.5 training hours per employee

     Governance:

     •      Female-to-male director ratio: 10%

     •      Comprehensive advancement of integrity culture development, with compliance training coverage reaching 100%
            and average training duration of 16 hours

     •      Established a three-tier ESG management structure comprising the Board of Directors, ESG Committee, and ESG
            Working Group
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        89




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



ESG Materiality Assessment

The company identified 21 key ESG issues by referencing the Global Sustainable Development Goals, exchange
requirements, investor concerns, domestic and international policies, and integrating stakeholder feedback with the
company’s overall strategy. Through systematic research and analysis, we assessed the level of concern among internal
and external stakeholders regarding each ESG issue and prioritised the importance of key ESG issues. This year, we
evaluated 21 material issues.

Our materiality assessment process comprises the following steps:


Identify issues and establish a    Collect ESG-related issues based on our industry context and core business activities,
materiality issue database         incorporating input from the Board and relevant departments to preliminarily identify
                                   and screen ESG issues closely linked to our operations.

Materiality assessment and         Engage with stakeholders and experts to evaluate the material impact of ESG issues.
prioritisation                     Through internal and external stakeholder surveys, we assess the importance of ESG
                                   issues across two dimensions: “significance to the Company’s development” and
                                   “significance to stakeholders”. This determines priority levels, with a materiality matrix
                                   plotted based on actual research findings.

Certification of Materiality       We synthesise internal and external assessments of issue materiality, integrating these
Assessment Results                 with our strategic considerations to obtain final approval for material ESG issues from
                                   the Board of Directors and the ESG Working Group.


Environmental                           Social                              Governance


Climate Change                          Product Quality and Safety          Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption

Clean Energy Technology Opportunities   R&D and Technological Innovation    Risk Management and Regulatory Compliance

Waste Management                        Customer Satisfaction               Information Security and Management

Natural Resource Use and Management     Supply Chain Management             Intellectual Property Management

Resource Consumption                    Talent Attraction and Retention     ESG Governance System

Emission Control                        Employee Health and Safety
                                        Employment and Labor Rights
                                        Industry Cooperation and Ecosystem Building
                                        Employee Management and Career Development
                                        Community Investment
90   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Materiality Assessment Matrix
                                                                                                                                          1
                                                                                                                          4
                                                                                                                                  3   2
                                                                                                                              5
                                                    13




     Importance to Stakeholders
                                         21                                                                           6
                                                                             10
                                                         18
                                                                        16                 11   9        7
                                                              20
                                                                                      15                     8
                                                                         19
                                                                   17                               14
                                                                                                                 12




                                                                                  Importance to Breton



     1                            Product Quality and Safety
     2                            Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption
     3                            R&D and Technological Innovation
     4                            Customer Satisfaction
     5                            Supply Chain Management
     6                            Risk Management and Regulatory Compliance
     7                            Talent Attraction and Retention
     8                            Employee Health and Safety
     9                            Climate Change
     10                           Information Security and Management
     11                           Clean Energy Technology Opportunities
     12                           Employee Employment and Rights
     13                           Industry Cooperation and Ecosystem Building
     14                           Employee Management and Career Development
     15                           Intellectual Property Management
     16                           Waste Management
     17                           Natural Resource Use and Management
     18                           Resource Consumption
     19                           ESG Governance System
     20                           Emission Control
     21                           Community Investment
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     91




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Stakeholder Engagement

The views and suggestions of various stakeholders are particularly important for the Company to effectively identify ESG
risks and enhance ESG management. We regularly engage with stakeholders through diverse channels to understand their
expectations and opinions regarding the Company’s ESG performance. The Company’s stakeholders include customers,
government and regulatory bodies, employees, investors, business partners, non-governmental organisations, media, and
the general public. Our communication channels encompass, but are not limited to, the corporate website, official social
media accounts, online and offline meetings, investor and press conferences, and employee satisfaction surveys.

     Stakeholder                                           General Communication
                             Key Focus Areas                                                Response and Feedback
     Categories                                                  Channels
Shareholders/          •   Sustained and stable        •   Annual reports, interim    •      Issuance of Annual General
Investors                  investment returns              reports and announcements         Meeting notices and
                       •   Timely disclosure of        •   Shareholders’ meetings            resolutions in accordance
                           information                 •   Roadshows/                        with regulations
                       •   Compliant corporate             teleconferences/meetings   •      Timely disclosure of group
                           operations                  •   Media communication               information
                                                           mechanisms                 •      Publication of
                                                       •   Press conferences                 announcements and
                                                       •   External market                   periodic reports as required
                                                           benchmarks                        by regulatory authorities
                                                       •   Telephone/Email/Website    •      Response to investor
                                                           Enquiries                         enquiries via email/
                                                       •   Investor visits                   telephone and facilitating
                                                       •   HKExnews and Investor             on-site visits
                                                           Relations section on the
                                                           company’s official website
Staff                  •   Training and career         •   Direct communication         •    Provision of a healthy and
                           development                 •   Performance Appraisal             safe working environment
                       •   Remuneration and benefits   •   Medical Check-ups            •    Establishment of fair and
                       •   Health and safety           •   Training Courses                  transparent promotion and
                                                       •   Employee Consultation             performance appraisal
                                                       •   Safety management                 mechanisms
                                                                                        •    Organisation of staff
                                                                                             activities
92   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



         Stakeholder                                             General Communication
                                    Key Focus Areas                                                Response and Feedback
         Categories                                                    Channels
     Suppliers                •   Standardised supplier      •   Order/contract execution      •    Fulfilment of Contractual
                                  management and             •   Direct communication               Obligations
                                  procurement processes      •   Supplier management           •    Maintain of Long-Term
                              •   Execute contracts              system                             Partnerships with Preferred
                                  punctually                 •   Supplier questionnaires            Suppliers
                              •   Corporate reputation                                         •    Supplier engagement
                                                                                                    events
                                                                                               •    Timely Payment
                                                                                               •    Ensuring services and
                                                                                                    products comply with
                                                                                                    quality and safety standards
                                                                                               •    Comprehensive supplier
                                                                                                    management records
     Distributors             •   Robust customer service    •   Daily communication           •    Strengthen Quality
                                  management and             •   After-sales service                Management
                                  processes                  •   Customer satisfaction         •    Fulfilment of Contractual
                              •   Effective information          surveys                            Obligations
                                  exchange mechanisms        •   Customer profiles             •    Providing knowledge
                              •   Stable and secure supply   •   Company visits/inspections         training and marketing
                                  system                                                            support to distributors
                              •   Prompt response to                                           •    Distributor Training
                                  customer enquiries                                           •    Thorough and effective
                                                                                                    communication
     Government/            •     Conduct business           •   Government site visits and    •    Strict compliance with laws
     Regulatory Authorities       operations in compliance       guidance                           and regulations
                                  with regulations           •   Participation in government   •    Monitor regulatory
                              •   Tax compliance in              meetings and regular visits        requirement changes
                                  accordance with the law    •   Government projects           •    Strengthen security
                                                             •   Information disclosure             management
     Financial Institutions   •   Sound corporate credit     •   Financial reporting and       •    Timely loan repayments
                                  standing, with a track         disclosures                   •    Maintain sound business
                                  record of loan repayment   •   On-site inspections                relationships
                                  and financial stability    •   Direct communication
                              •   Steady corporate growth
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     93




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Stakeholder                                             General Communication
                              Key Focus Areas                                                  Response and Feedback
     Categories                                                    Channels
Community/Public        •   Contribute to society and    •   Community service             •    Proactive Corporate Social
                            the community                •   Charitable activities              Responsibility
                        •   Promote employment           •   News and Announcements        •    Sustain Operations to
                                                         •   Information Disclosure             Provide Employment
                                                                                                Opportunities
                                                                                           •    Industry-academia-
                                                                                                research collaboration and
                                                                                                professional activities
                                                                                           •    Advance Healthcare
                                                                                                Development


1.     About This Report

1.1 About This Report

Breton and its subsidiaries (“Breton”, “the Group” or “we”) are pleased to present the inaugural ESG Report (“this Report”).
This Report aims to transparently disclose the Group’s progress and achievements within the ESG domain across its
actual business operations. It demonstrates the Group’s sustainability vision to stakeholders, thereby deepening their
understanding of the company and strengthening their confidence.

Basis and Scope of Preparation

This Report has been prepared in accordance with Appendix C2, the ESG Reporting Code (“ESG Code”) of the Listing
Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN
SDGs). It follows the “comply or explain” principle in addressing relevant matters and presents environmental and social
key performance indicators as required by the ESG Code for performance review.

The reporting period covers the timeframe from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Period”), aligning
with the financial year covered in the Group’s 2025 Annual Report. All information covered in this report is consistent with
the reporting scope of the Group’s 2025 Annual Report.

Reporting Principles


Requirement                                                        Our Response

Materiality       Where the Board determines that                  In accordance with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s
                  environmental, social and governance             ESG Code and relevant principles, and taking into
                  matters have a material impact on                account key ESG concerns of the capital markets
                  investors and other stakeholders, the            regarding the Company, we identify sustainability
                  Company shall report accordingly.                issues relevant to our development through ongoing
                                                                   stakeholder engagement and by considering the
                                                                   Company’s development, industry and business
                                                                   context.
94   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Requirement                                                          Our Response

     Quantitative      Key performance indicators relating to             The Company has established standardised ESG
                       historical data must be quantifiable to            indicator management tools to conduct regular
                       assess and verify the performance of               statistical analysis of all quantifiable key disclosure
                       environmental, social and governance               indicators covered by this reporting guidance within the
                       policies and management systems.                   “environmental” category, as well as selected “social”
                                                                          and “governance” management categories. These are
                                                                          aggregated annually to form the external disclosures
                                                                          in this report. Detailed ESG quantitative data can be
                                                                          found in the Appendix section of this report.

     Balance           Environmental, Social and Governance               The Company has presented its achievements and
                       reporting should impartially reflect a             challenges in material sustainability matters in an
                       company’s performance, avoiding any                unbiased manner.
                       selective reporting, omissions or reporting
                       formats that may unduly influence
                       the decisions or judgements of report
                       readers.

     Consistency       The company should adopt consistent                Unless otherwise stated, the Company will ensure that
                       statistical disclosure methods to ensure           the scope of disclosure and reporting methodology
                       the comparability and meaningfulness of            remain consistent with previous years.
                       environmental, social and governance
                       data in the future.


     Definition

     Hunan Breton                      Refers to         Subsidiary         Breton (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd.
     Shandong Breton                   Refers to         Subsidiary         Breton (Shandong) New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd.
     Wuhan Breton                      Refers to         Subsidiary         Breton (Wuhan) New Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.


     Contact Information

     Should you have any queries or suggestions regarding this report, please feel free to contact us via the following details.


     Email                                                           breton@breton.top
     Headquarters and Principal Place of Business                    Room 208, 2nd Floor, Building 3, Shennan Road 168,
                                                                     Minhang District, Shanghai
     Company Website                                                 https://www.breton.top/
                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     95




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



2.    Enhancing Responsible Governance to Safeguard Sustainable Development

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) Corresponding to This Chapter




The Company has established a robust top-level oversight framework for governance, deeply embedding sustainable
development principles within its governance system. This effectively guides the practical implementation across all
business units, providing a solid foundation for the enterprise’s sustainable development.
96   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     2.1 Sustainable Governance

     Sound and effective governance is the cornerstone of a company’s stable development. The Company implements
     corporate governance in compliance with laws, regulations, and institutional requirements including the Company Law of
     the People’s Republic of China and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited. Detailed information regarding the Company’s corporate governance is available in the “Corporate Governance
     Report” section of the Company’s Annual Report. In April 2025, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the Breton
     Technology Co., Ltd. ESG Management System, establishing a structured ESG management framework.

     The Board plays a pivotal role in guiding the Company’s strategic direction, overseeing corporate governance, and
     ensuring long-term sustainable development. As of 31 December 2025, the Board comprised ten directors, including four
     executive directors, two non-executive directors, and four independent non-executive directors. The gender ratio (male:
     female) on the Board was nine to one.

     Nine board meetings were convened in 2025, with an overall attendance rate of 98% (95% in 2024).

     The Company has established a three-tier ESG management structure comprising an ESG Committee (an internal
     organisational body authorised by the Board), an ESG Office, and an ESG Working Group. The Board has also implemented
     measures to enhance the transparency of business reporting, enabling stakeholders to gain a deeper understanding of the
     Group’s strategies and objectives.

     The ESG Committee, serving as the oversight and management body for the company’s ESG initiatives, is responsible for
     supervising and managing the company’s ESG management strategies, policies, and performance, reporting regularly to
     the Board of Directors. The ESG Committee is accountable to the Board, with its proposals subject to Board deliberation
     and decision. The Committee formulates the company’s medium-to-long-term and annual ESG strategies, visionary
     objectives, planning, policy frameworks, assessment and improvement mechanisms, organisational structures, and
     disclosure requirements. Upon approval by the Board of Directors, these become guiding documents for the Company’s
     ESG management. The Group places high importance on the suggestions and opinions of all stakeholders, establishing
     robust communication channels to engage in ongoing dialogue with key stakeholders. Based on these discussions,
     the Group identifies material ESG issues and potential ESG risks, continuously refining its ESG strategies and policy
     frameworks. During the reporting year, the Board reviewed material ESG issues and approved proposals to adjust the
     materiality levels of various ESG topics, ensuring the timeliness and reasonableness of the materiality matrix.

     The Board convenes regular meetings to deliberate and approve the company’s sustainability objectives, assess and
     review ESG-related targets, and ensure alignment with the company’s overall business strategy and development direction.
     We guide and oversee the formulation and implementation of the company’s ESG vision, strategy and framework, review
     the company’s material ESG issues, key ESG risks and opportunities, monitor communication channels and methods with
     shareholders, and review the company’s ESG-related disclosures.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        97




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The ESG Office is responsible for implementing and executing the ESG Committee’s action plans in the area of
environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. It coordinates the ESG Working Group, formed by relevant
departments, to jointly execute specific ESG-related measures. Under the guidance of the ESG Committee, the ESG
Office develops detailed work plans in accordance with ESG requirements, oversees the ESG Working Group in deploying
specific tasks, and regularly organises assessments of ESG performance and management, culminating in the preparation
of reports. The ESG Working Group is responsible for implementing specific ESG measures. Comprising heads of
functional departments including Production, Human Resources, Central Research Department, Public Relations, Sales,
and the Board Secretariat Office, the Working Group facilitates collaboration among company departments, subsidiaries,
and third-party consultancy firms. It provides specific guidance for ESG measures within annual targets and compiles the
annual ESG report. We require each subsidiary to designate a dedicated individual responsible for ESG data management,
ensuring timely updates, collation, and archiving of data, alongside providing data verification or source documentation. At
year-end, our subsidiaries compile all annually submitted data, which is then reviewed, signed off by responsible personnel
from each subsidiary, and submitted to the ESG Working Group.

Additionally, we engage a reputable consultancy firm as our third-party ESG advisor to assist in monitoring and adhering to
ESG policy requirements, and to assess our performance in environmental protection and climate change mitigation.

2.2 Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption

The Company strictly adheres to laws and regulations, continuously refines corporate governance mechanisms and internal
management systems, conducts ideological and ethical awareness training, implements oversight and inspections for
integrity and compliance, and consistently holds itself and its employees to the highest standards of business ethics. We
are committed to fostering a team environment characterised by integrity, probity, and proactive initiative.

The Company is currently developing its internal management systems and has drafted the “Breton Technology Co., Ltd.
Anti-Sanctions and Financial Crime Prevention Management System (Revised Draft)”, aimed at regulating anti-sanctions
and financial crime activities.

The Company has established the “Implementation Rules for Integrity Management”, applicable to all employees and
subsidiaries. An Integrity Management Task Force has been formed, chaired by the Chairman, with members appointed
by the Chairperson. This Task Force is responsible for formulating, revising, issuing, and interpreting integrity policies and
related systems, as well as organising integrity and self-discipline training. The Integrity Management Task Force Team
shall conduct thorough investigations and gather evidence regarding violations confirmed through investigation. Where
relevant issues arise, assistance shall be provided by the respective functional departments. Should significant violations,
disciplinary offences, or illegal acts be discovered, these must be reported to the Legal Department for joint investigation
and handling. The Company’s disciplinary measures encompass verbal warnings, written warnings, compensation,
demotion with salary reduction, dismissal, voluntary resignation, termination of employment contracts, and referral to
judicial authorities.
98   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group has conducted integrity training and examinations for directors and all employees.

                                                               Completed Not Completed
                                                               (Number of    (Number of Total (Number                   Completion
     Integrity Training and Examination Statistics            Participants) Participants) of Participants)                Rate (%)


     Breton                                                              175                 24               199               88%
     Hunan Breton                                                         12                  0                12              100%
     Shandong Breton                                                      18                  2                20               90%
     Wuhan Breton                                                         14                  2                16               88%


     Total                                                               219                 28               247                89%


     During the reporting period, the Group was not involved in any significant corruption-related violations, nor were there any
     corruption cases initiated against the company or its employees that were subsequently resolved.

     We continue to strengthen integrity and ethical standards within our supply chain, maintaining a zero-tolerance policy
     towards corrupt practices. We require our suppliers and partners to adhere to compliance standards and sign integrity
     agreements. We have clearly defined codes of conduct and requirements for all employees and suppliers, strictly
     prohibiting the provision of any loans, gifts, services, or other monetary benefits or advantages, either directly or indirectly,
     through supplier personnel or any third party, to any company or individual, including employees, their associates, or third
     parties.

     The Company encourages employees and the wider community to participate in oversight activities, actively reporting
     any violations to the Integrity Management Task Force. The Finance Department and Human Resources Department shall
     enhance inspection efforts, provide reporting channels, and rigorously investigate and address non-compliant conduct.
     Employees may report and expose corporate violations via letter, telephone, text message, WeChat, or email. Where a
     report is substantiated by the Integrity Management Task Force Team, the Company shall award the whistleblower five
     percent (5%) of the total economic losses recovered (calculated on a base of RMB10,000) as a reward, while strictly
     maintaining confidentiality regarding their identity and the reported content.

     Reporting email (Sunshine email): honest@breton.top
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       99




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



3.     Committing to Green Development

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) relevant to this chapter:




Guided by the principle that ‘clear waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets’, and amidst the global trend of
energy transformation, the Company is committed to a mission of green development. We are dedicated to advancing
the research and application of integrated solar power, energy storage, and charging solutions, as well as electrified
equipment. Pivoting on photovoltaic power generation, energy storage equipment, and charging infrastructure, we
will promote the widespread application of clean energy, supporting our clients in their low-carbon transition. We are
committed to collaborating with our global partners to protect the natural environment and establish green principles as the
cornerstone of high-quality development.

During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with all applicable laws and regulations detailed in Appendix 4
– ‘Principal Laws and Regulations for Compliance’. No instances of material non-compliance were identified in relation to
legislation governing air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges to water and land, or the generation of hazardous and
non-hazardous waste that would have a significant impact on the Company. Furthermore, during the Reporting Period, no
significant fines or other non-monetary penalties were imposed on the Company for non-compliance with relevant laws and
regulations.
100   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      3.1 Environmental Management System

      The Company recognises that a systematic approach to environmental management is the cornerstone of achieving
      sustainable development. During the Reporting Period, we successfully obtained ISO 14001:2015 certification for our
      Environmental Management System, marking a significant milestone in our systematic approach to environmental
      management. This system is led by the Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Department, which holds comprehensive
      responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing potential environmental hazards. It aims to establish and operate
      an environmental management model that adheres to international standards, thereby enhancing the Company’s overall
      environmental performance.




                                 Our ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System Certification


      3.2 Emissions and Waste Management

      Non-hazardous Waste Management

      The Company’s principal non-hazardous waste comprises general domestic refuse, as well as cardboard packaging and
      wooden pallets from materials. To ensure such waste is handled appropriately, we have adopted measures for segregated
      recycling and centralised management. The Company has standardised the provision of waste segregation facilities,
      placing separate bins for dry, wet, recyclable, and hazardous waste in areas such as lift lobbies and refuse rooms. All
      waste is handled by a government-accredited third party, with disposal methods that comply with all applicable laws and
      regulations.

      Furthermore, the Company actively promotes green office practices, advocating for a paperless office, encouraging the use
      of digital applications, issuing internal notices and plans electronically, and utilising double-sided printing to reduce waste
      generation at source.

      During the Reporting Period, over 99% of the Group’s non-hazardous waste was recycled or disposed of by qualified
      third-party contractors.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       101




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Hazardous Waste Management

The hazardous waste generated by the Company primarily arises from the manufacturing process and mainly includes
waste oils, packaging drums, and paint residue.

•      Regulated Storage Management: The Company maintains a dedicated storage facility for hazardous chemical
       waste, ensuring centralised and compliant storage. The storage facility’s location adheres to national environmental
       standards and is equipped with safety measures including impermeable linings, leak prevention systems,
       weatherproofing, and ventilation. All hazardous waste is stored in specialised containers. Both the containers and
       storage areas are clearly labelled with details of the substance, its associated hazards, emergency procedures, and
       weight, thereby effectively mitigating environmental risks.

•      Full-Process Traceability: The Company has implemented a comprehensive hazardous waste ledger system.
       This system meticulously records every stage, from generation and warehousing to storage, removal, and transfer,
       enabling full life-cycle traceability.

•      Compliant disposal: Once a specified quantity is accumulated, the waste is transferred in its entirety to a
       government-authorised professional agency, holding the relevant qualifications, for transportation and processing.
       This process is subject to periodic inspections by regulatory bodies.

During the Reporting Period, 100% of the Group’s hazardous waste was compliantly disposed of by a qualified third party.

Given our low waste generation, we have not set specific quantitative waste reduction targets. Our hazardous waste is
effectively managed through centralised storage, spill prevention and professional third-party disposal; Our non-hazardous
waste volume was zero during the Reporting Period. Going forward, we will continue to refine waste data statistical scope
and accounting methodologies to improve accuracy, and will consider setting more specific reduction targets where
appropriate.

Emissions Management

The Company’s primary sources of waste gas emissions include processes such as paint coating and spraying, flue gas
from drying tunnels, and welding fumes. The Company has engaged a qualified, professional environmental equipment
provider responsible for the design, manufacture, installation, and commissioning of the treatment facilities for paint
emissions, drying emissions, and polishing dust. The Company strictly adheres to operational standards for the treatment
of gaseous emissions during its production processes, ensuring that all such emissions comply with national and local
environmental protection requirements.
102   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      System-Specific Precision Treatment:

      •      Paint Fume Treatment System: This system utilises a ‘pre-treatment, adsorption and concentration, and catalytic
             combustion’ process.

      •      Drying Exhaust Treatment System: This system utilises a ‘direct combustion and waste heat recovery’ process.

      •      Polishing Dust Treatment System: This system utilises a ‘bag filter dust collector and ventilation fan’ process.

      During the Reporting Period, the treatment rate of the Company’s exhaust gas facilities exceeded 95%.

      Wastewater and Noise Management

      Domestic sewage generated by the Company is discharged into the municipal sewage network for centralised treatment
      by the local water authority. In respect of noise management, noise control is incorporated as a technical evaluation
      criterion in our equipment procurement process. Furthermore, we implement measures such as sound insulation and
      vibration damping for principal noise sources to mitigate their impact on the surrounding environment.

      3.3 Energy and Resource Management

      Improving the efficiency of energy and resource utilisation is a key strategy for the business to address climate change
      and reduce operational costs. The Group continuously enhances its energy management system. We have formulated an
      energy conservation and emissions reduction plan and a preparatory plan for ISO 50001 certification. These plans clarify
      energy management responsibilities, standardise procedures for energy metering and energy-saving renovations, and
      implement a reward and penalty mechanism for energy conservation.

      The Company assigns dedicated personnel to be responsible for the statistical analysis of water and electricity
      consumption. They regularly monitor changes in energy consumption, formulate safety measures for electricity usage,
      and enhance the detailed management of energy utilisation. We periodically conduct campaigns to promote water
      conservation. Water-saving reminders are displayed at water points in office areas, such as washrooms and pantries,
      and we have comprehensively installed automatic sensor taps to reduce water wastage at the source. Concurrently, we
      conduct regular leakage detection for water supply facilities and concealed pipework, and enhance routine inspections and
      maintenance to eliminate water resource losses caused by ageing infrastructure or operational oversights. Furthermore, we
      require employees to turn off electronic equipment, air conditioning, and lighting systems when not in use. Air conditioning
      filters are cleaned and maintained on a regular basis to substantially improve operational energy efficiency, thereby driving
      the effective implementation of our green office initiatives through refined management practices.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   103




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


We prioritize resource management within our manufacturing and office activities, aiming to optimize our resource
consumption structure and integrate sustainable development into our daily operations. We have established development
targets for our principal resource types:

Environmental Sustainability Indicators Our ESG Development Targets
Electricity Consumption                     By 2028, 30% of the annual electricity consumption at our manufacturing
                                            plants will be sourced from photovoltaic power generation systems.
Water Consumption                           By 2028, our water intensity will be reduced by 5% compared with the 2023
                                            baseline.


During the Reporting Period, we encountered no issues in sourcing adequate water and had no operations in areas
exposed to water risk or high water stress.

3.4 Green Operations

We embed green principles throughout the construction and daily operations of our plants, demonstrating our commitment
to establishing environmentally friendly production facilities. Measures we have adopted include:

•     Rooftop Solar Panel Installation: We have entered into an agreement with a third party for the construction and
      operation of 1600KW rooftop photovoltaic equipment, which will supply clean electricity to the factory.

•     Green Office Practices:

      o      To progressively increase the proportion of electric vehicles in our company fleet and conduct regular
             maintenance on all company vehicles to reduce their energy consumption per kilometre.

      o      To clarify the principles governing the use of company vehicles in order to reduce their frequency of use.

      o      To encourage employees to adopt green office habits, such as double-sided printing and promptly switching
             off equipment and systems in unoccupied areas.

      o      We encourage the use of public transport and new energy vehicles, and control the use of vehicles for
             administrative purposes.

      o      We promote the concept of low-carbon operations among our employees to collectively achieve our
             low-carbon office objectives.
104   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      3.5 Green and Low-Carbon Products and Services

      In the era of carbon neutrality and intelligentisation, the Company addresses user needs by leveraging our leading
      electric products and comprehensive technological development capabilities. We are building an ecosystem structured
      around ‘photovoltaic storage microgrid power supply’, ‘new energy excavation, loading, and transportation equipment
      for mining engineering’, and ‘automated collaborative operations’. This enables us to provide clients with integrated
      solutions encompassing new energy power services, the sale and leasing of electric excavation and transport equipment,
      and intelligent excavation and transport services, with the aim of becoming a leading global power producer and mining
      services provider.

      Our construction machinery is powered entirely by non-fossil fuel sources, achieving zero exhaust emissions. Our electric
      loader and wide-body dump trucks offer a significant reduction in carbon emissions compared to their fuel-powered
      counterparts, presenting a more environmentally friendly alternative to traditional machinery. For example, over a five-year
      service life, a five-tonne class electric loader is projected to reduce carbon emissions by approximately 342.0 tonnes per
      unit. Similarly, over the same period, a 105-tonne class electric wide-body dump truck is projected to reduce carbon
      emissions by approximately 490.4 tonnes per unit during heavy-load uphill operations and by approximately 624.6
      tonnes per unit during heavy-load downhill operations. Compared to diesel equipment in the same class, each Breton
      Electric Loader can save clients approximately RMB350,000 in operating costs and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by
      approximately 180 tonnes annually; Each Breton pure electric mining truck can save clients approximately RMB700,000 in
      operating costs and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by approximately 400 tonnes annually.

      Regarding the circular economy, we incorporate its principles into our corporate operations, in accordance with the
      ‘Interim Measures for the Management of Recycling and Comprehensive Utilisation of Waste Power Batteries from New
      Energy Vehicles’. The Company has entered into a strategic partnership with a specialist recycling agency to establish
      a foundational power battery recycling system. We are committed to creating a complete, closed-loop industrial chain
      encompassing battery production, vehicle manufacturing, battery recycling, cascade utilisation, and regeneration and
      reuse. By leveraging our partners’ network of sites, we are establishing centralised storage points to build an extensive
      battery recycling network. This ensures that end-of-life power batteries are processed and recycled in a timely and
      compliant manner, and we are actively developing recycling channels for decommissioned batteries overseas.

      With regard to core technology research and development, we have made sustained investments in the independent
      development of key technologies, including pure electric drive powertrains, high energy-density power batteries, coaxial
      dual motors, and highly integrated multi-in-one controllers. Furthermore, through lightweight vehicle design and system
      optimisation, we continuously reduce resource consumption and carbon emissions throughout the entire product life cycle.
      Breton’s innovative applications, such as the automatic start-stop technology for power steering pumps and the intelligent
      strategy for the battery thermal management system, are tangible examples of our commitment to green and low-carbon
      principles in every detail of our operations.
                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    105




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Case Study:         The practical implementation of a systematic solution


 In our project in Abag Banner, Inner Mongolia, we successfully implemented an integrated, zero-carbon mining
 solution combining ‘photovoltaic power + electric mining trucks + autonomous driving’, setting a paradigm for
 green transformation within the industry. This project fully embodies the core values of our green and low-carbon
 products and services:

 •      In terms of clean energy supply, the mining area utilises idle land to construct a photovoltaic power
        generation system. This provides a low-cost, zero-emission source of clean electricity for our pure electric
        mining trucks, thereby creating a green, closed-loop system for energy production and consumption. This
        integrated model, which combines solar power generation, energy storage, charging, and application,
        fundamentally reduces reliance on fossil fuels.

 •      In the application of electrified products, the Group’s BRT105E all-electric mining truck has demonstrated
        outstanding energy efficiency during operation. According to operational data from the mining site, the
        vehicle’s average electricity consumption under heavy-load, uphill conditions is approximately 10 kWh
        per kilometre. Factoring in an electricity tariff of RMB0.47 per kWh, the operational cost is just RMB5 per
        kilometre. By contrast, a conventional diesel-powered mining truck under identical operating conditions
        consumes over 3 litres of fuel per kilometre, resulting in fuel costs exceeding RMB20. Based on an annual
        operation of 50,000 kilometres per vehicle at the mine site, each battery-electric mining truck can reduce
        annual operating costs by over RMB750,000, whilst also achieving a substantial reduction in carbon
        emissions.

 •      In terms of intelligent technology enablement, the Group has deployed 10 of its autonomous electric mining
        trucks into routine operation at the mine site, achieving an overall operational efficiency of approximately
        80% compared to manned vehicles. Crucially, the application of autonomous driving technology has
        markedly improved operational safety. Whereas the conventional model requires 20 drivers for 10 mining
        trucks, the same workload can now be managed by just 5 operations personnel. This not only lowers labour
        costs but also minimises the time staff are exposed to complex, high-risk environments, thereby delivering a
        dual improvement in both safety and efficiency.

 The Group provides not merely isolated pieces of electric equipment, but rather a comprehensive, full-scope
 solution encompassing green energy supply, electrified transportation, and intelligent dispatching. This solution
 creates threefold value for customers: at the economic level, the combination of ‘Photovoltaic power generation +
 electric mining trucks’ substantially reduces long-term operating costs; at the environmental level, it achieves the
 deep decarbonisation of mining operations, robustly supporting global emissions reduction targets.




         A Breton mining truck in operation                              The Photovoltaic power generation
                                                                           system constructed by Breton
106   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      3.6 Response to Climate Change

      The Group is acutely aware of the far-reaching impact of climate change on our business and societal development, and
      has taken numerous actions to address this global challenge. In active support of the national ‘Dual Carbon’ strategy,
      we reduce greenhouse gas emissions throughout the operations of the Company and its value chain by managing
      climate-related risks and opportunities and implementing energy-saving and carbon-reduction measures, thereby
      enhancing our resilience to climate risk.

      We manage climate change risks in accordance with the disclosure recommendations in Part D: Climate-related
      Disclosures of the ESG Code. Our management and disclosures cover four key areas: governance, strategy, risk
      management, and metrics and targets, with the aim of mitigating the adverse effects of climate change on the Company.

      Governance

      The Board is the Company’s highest governing body for ESG matters and has overall responsibility for the management
      of ESG-related risks and opportunities, including those related to climate change. The Company has established a
      three-tiered ESG management structure authorised by the Board, comprising an ESG Committee, an ESG Office, and an
      ESG Working Group. For further details, please refer to Section 2.1, ‘Sustainable Governance’.

      The Board is formally briefed on ESG matters at least annually to maintain oversight of the Company’s overall ESG
      performance and risk profile, including climate-related issues. As the standing supervisory body, the ESG Committee
      convenes at least quarterly to systematically review the progress in the identification, assessment, and management
      of climate-related risks and opportunities. Furthermore, the ESG Committee will continue to monitor progress towards
      achieving these targets, and will regularly review the relevant performance data and analytical reports compiled by the ESG
      Office. In respect of material climate-related matters, such as the actual impact of extreme weather events on production
      and operations or the need for strategic adjustments necessitated by significant changes in climate policy, the ESG
      Working Group will report promptly to the ESG Committee and the Board through a dedicated reporting mechanism. This
      ensures that the governance level is kept abreast of the latest developments and can make timely decisions.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       107




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board and the ESG Committee consider climate-related risks and opportunities as a key factor when overseeing the
formulation and execution of the company’s strategy, major transaction decisions, risk management procedures, and
related policies. The conclusions of the assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities serve as an important basis
for decision-making, ensuring that the strategic direction is aligned with global sustainable development trends.

The Company plans to organise specialised climate risk training for members of the Board and senior management,
covering the latest policy developments, scenario analysis, transition risks, and physical risks, to ensure that oversight
capabilities remain in step with global regulatory trends. Currently, the Company has not directly incorporated
climate-related performance indicators into the remuneration assessments for its senior executives. However, an evaluation
has commenced to assess the feasibility of their gradual inclusion in the future, thereby strengthening the alignment of
incentives to drive the achievement of our climate objectives.

Strategy

The Company has identified climate-related physical and transitional risks, and is exploring the corresponding potential
opportunities. We recognise that these climate risks may have a material impact on the Company in the short term (within
3 years), medium term (3-5 years), and long term (over 5 years), encompassing both physical environmental changes and
the challenges presented by the transition to a low-carbon economy. Based on the nature of the Company’s business
and its operational characteristics, we analyse the associated risks and opportunities and formulate targeted mitigation
measures.
108   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Climate-Related Risks:

                                              Description of                                    Potential
                 Type of Risk                                            Time Horizon                               Mitigation Measures
                                           Climate-Related Risk                             Financial Impact
      Physical Risks     Acute Risk   •   An increased frequency of      Short-term     •    Increased         •   Securing adequate insurance
                                          extreme weather events                             operational costs     coverage for plant and
                                          (such as extreme heat,                        •    Decreased revenue     equipment to effectively
                                          torrential rain, and typhoons)                                           mitigate the financial impact
                                          could potentially impact the                                             resulting from asset damage.
                                          safety of the Company’s                                              •   Formulating and rehearsing
                                          premises and production                                                  an Extreme Weather
                                          equipment. This may result in                                            Contingency Plan, closely
                                          extended employee commute                                                monitoring meteorological
                                          times, damage to assets                                                  warnings, and flexibly
                                          including factory premises,                                              arranging for remote working
                                          materials, and equipment,                                                and online meetings during
                                          and could adversely affect                                               extreme weather events
                                          order fulfilment and capacity                                            to ensure employee safety
                                          utilisation. Furthermore,                                                and the continuity of core
                                          such events could lead                                                   business operations.
                                          to interruptions in power                                            •   Incorporating high-
                                          generation, equipment                                                    specification, resilient
                                          damage, and the suspension                                               equipment from the design
                                          of mining operations.                                                    stage for overseas projects,
                                                                                                                   complete with meteorological
                                                                                                                   monitoring and automated
                                                                                                                   shutdown systems.
                                                                                                               •   To formulate health and
                                                                                                                   safety provisions for adverse
                                                                                                                   weather conditions, such as
                                                                                                                   extreme heat and torrential
                                                                                                                   rain; to adjust operational
                                                                                                                   hours; and to provide heat-
                                                                                                                   prevention and cooling
                                                                                                                   resources.
                                                                           2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            109




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                         Description of                                   Potential
           Type of Risk                                            Time Horizon                                 Mitigation Measures
                                      Climate-Related Risk                            Financial Impact
Physical Risks     Chronic Risk   •   Global warming leading to    Long-term      •    Increased         •     To conduct detailed climate
                                      sustained high temperatures,                     operational costs       resilience assessments during
                                      which may increase the                      •    Decreased revenue       the project design phase,
                                      energy consumption of                                                    selecting cleaning solutions
                                      the Company’s cooling                                                    that are resistant to high
                                      equipment (e.g., air                                                     temperatures and have low
                                      conditioning). Extreme                                                   water consumption. Establish
                                      weather events may lead                                                  predictive maintenance
                                      to supply chain disruption,                                              models for equipment health,
                                      preventing suppliers from                                                utilising Internet of Things
                                      providing products and                                                   (IoT) data to provide early
                                      services on schedule.                                                    warnings for the replacement
                                                                                                               of ageing components.
                                                                                                           •   Periodically review the
                                                                                                               geographical distribution of
                                                                                                               suppliers to avoid excessive
                                                                                                               concentration in a single
                                                                                                               disaster-prone region,
                                                                                                               thereby mitigating the risk of
                                                                                                               supply chain disruption.
110   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Description of                                    Potential
                 Type of Risk                                             Time Horizon                                 Mitigation Measures
                                            Climate-Related Risk                             Financial Impact
      Transition Risk    Policy Risk   •   Changes in international and   Medium-term    •    Increased           •   Proactively monitor
                                           domestic policies related to                       compliance costs        developments in domestic
                                           climate change may require                    •    Increased               and international climate
                                           the Company to invest                              operational costs       policies and regulations,
                                           additional resources to                                                    regularly assess their
                                           ensure compliance.                                                         potential impact on the
                                       •   The gradual phasing out of                                                 business, and formulate
                                           subsidies for new energy                                                   corresponding risk mitigation
                                           vehicle and photovoltaic                                                   strategies.
                                           equipment purchases may                                                •   Conduct comprehensive
                                           impact sales volumes if the                                                country-specific political and
                                           Company cannot maintain                                                    policy risk assessments prior
                                           its price competitiveness                                                  to investing in projects, and
                                           through cost reduction.                                                    procure appropriate political
                                                                                                                      risk insurance. Engage in joint
                                                                                                                      ventures or collaborations
                                                                                                                      with well-established local
                                                                                                                      partners to jointly manage
                                                                                                                      policy-related risks.
                                                                                                                  •   Continuously reduce costs
                                                                                                                      through economies of scale,
                                                                                                                      supply chain synergy, and
                                                                                                                      technological innovation.
                                                                                                                      Exploring new models, such
                                                                                                                      as battery and equipment
                                                                                                                      leasing, to reduce customers’
                                                                                                                      initial capital outlay.
                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT          BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             111




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                        Description of                                       Potential
           Type of Risk                                               Time Horizon                                  Mitigation Measures
                                     Climate-Related Risk                                Financial Impact
Transition Risk    Market Risk   •   As public awareness of         Long-term        •    Decreased revenue •      Establishment of a regular
                                     sustainable development                         •    Increased                market analysis mechanism
                                     grows, demand for                                    operational costs        to strengthen trend
                                     environmentally friendly                                                      monitoring and promptly
                                     products from investors and                                                   identify changes in customer
                                     consumers is continually                                                      demand for low-carbon
                                     increasing. Low-carbon                                                        products.
                                     products are expected to                                                 •    Adhere to a research and
                                     replace traditional ones; a                                                   development strategy centred
                                     failure to adapt to this shift                                                on pure electric construction
                                     in market preference could                                                    machinery, maintaining the
                                     adversely affect our market                                                   technological leadership
                                     competitiveness.                                                              of our products in terms
                                 •   The prices of battery raw                                                     of energy efficiency and
                                     materials, such as lithium                                                    environmental performance.
                                     and cobalt, are subject to
                                     increased volatility due to
                                     climate policies and ESG
                                     supply chain requirements,
                                     presenting greater challenges
                                     for cost control.
Transition Risk   Reputation     •   Failure to fulfil our social       Long-term    •    Decline in operating •   Set clear carbon reduction
                  Risk               responsibilities or to                               revenue                  targets and regularly disclose
                                     implement appropriate                           •    Reduction in             the progress and outcomes
                                     measures to manage the                               investment               of climate-related actions to
                                     potential impacts of climate                                                  maintain transparency.
                                     change could adversely                                                   •    Maintain continuous
                                     affect the perception of                                                      communication with
                                     the Company amongst                                                           stakeholders to understand
                                     stakeholders, including                                                       their key areas of focus and
                                     investors.                                                                    respond to their climate-
                                 •   Potential for scrutiny if the full                                            related concerns in a timely
                                     life-cycle carbon emissions                                                   manner.
                                     of electrical equipment (e.g.,                                           •    Establish a battery recycling
                                     battery production and                                                        and traceability management
                                     recycling) are not managed                                                    system to ensure compliant
                                     appropriately.                                                                disposal of end-of-life
                                                                                                                   batteries.
112   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                    Description of                                    Potential
                 Type of Risk                                                 Time Horizon                                   Mitigation Measures
                                                 Climate-Related Risk                             Financial Impact
      Transition Risk       Technological   Failed investments in new          Medium-        •    Increased            •   Actively pursue diversified
                            Risk            technologies and the increased     to Long-Term        operational costs        low-carbon technology
                                            costs of transitioning to low-                    •    Decline in operating     solutions, steadily advance
                                            carbon technologies could both                         revenue                  the in-house development
                                            lead to a rise in R&D expenditure,                                              of core technologies, and
                                            thereby eroding profitability.                                                  judiciously manage R&D
                                                                                                                            investment.
                                                                                                                       •    Establish an effective
                                                                                                                            customer feedback
                                                                                                                            mechanism to ensure that
                                                                                                                            the direction of technological
                                                                                                                            R&D is closely aligned with
                                                                                                                            market demand.


      Climate-related Opportunities:

                                          Description of                                    Potential
           Type of Risk                                             Time Horizon                                        Mitigation Measures
                                       Climate-Related Risk                             Financial Impact
      Resource Efficiency         Utilise digital and intelligent   Medium-term     •    Reduced operating •     Optimising production processes
                                  technologies to enhance                                costs                   through digitalisation, monitoring energy
                                  equipment energy efficiency,                                                   consumption data, and identifying
                                  yielding direct savings in                                                     potential energy savings.
                                  production and operational costs.                                          •   Incorporating energy-saving
                                                                                                                 technologies into product design,
                                                                                                                 such as automatic start-stop functions
                                                                                                                 for power steering oil pumps and
                                                                                                                 intelligent battery thermal management
                                                                                                                 strategies, to continually reduce energy
                                                                                                                 consumption throughout the product life
                                                                                                                 cycle.
                                                                                                             •   Establishing a recycling system for core
                                                                                                                 components, such as batteries and
                                                                                                                 electric motors, to achieve the circular
                                                                                                                 use of materials, thereby reducing raw
                                                                                                                 material procurement costs and carbon
                                                                                                                 emissions. Exploring a trade-in business
                                                                                                                 model to encourage the recycling of
                                                                                                                 used equipment.
                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT          BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              113




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                Description of                                     Potential
     Type of Risk                                           Time Horizon                                       Mitigation Measures
                             Climate-Related Risk                              Financial Impact
Clean Energy            As the cost of clean energy       Medium-term      •    Reduced operating •     Promoting the construction and
                        rapidly decreases and energy                            costs                   operation of rooftop photovoltaic power
                        storage capacity improves, the                                                  generation systems to increase the
                        transition to low-emission energy                                               proportion of clean energy utilisation,
                        can generate annual cost savings.                                               directly reducing electricity procurement
                                                                                                        costs.
                                                                                                    •   Promoting combined ‘photovoltaic +
                                                                                                        electric equipment’ solutions to clients
                                                                                                        to assist them in reducing their energy
                                                                                                        consumption costs.
Products and Services   Increasing consumer preference Medium-term         •    Revenue growth      •   To shape the company’s low-carbon,
                        for green products drives greater                                               smart brand image and enhance market
                        demand for green and low-carbon                                                 competitiveness through continuous
                        products.                                                                       product innovation and the application
                                                                                                        of green technologies.
                                                                                                    •   To systematically collate and
                                                                                                        disseminate customer case studies,
                                                                                                        thereby attracting more clients with
                                                                                                        tangible energy-saving and emission-
                                                                                                        reduction benefits.
Market                  Given the growing prominence        Medium-term    •    Reduced financing   •   Continuously improve disclosures on
                        of green and sustainable finance,                       costs                   climate-related information to enhance
                        companies that demonstrate                                                      ESG rating performance, thereby
                        strong climate-related                                                          creating the conditions to access green
                        performance and meet relevant                                                   financial instruments in the future.
                        green finance standards can
                        secure investment capital at a
                        lower cost.


To address the aforementioned Climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group has strategically established ‘new
energy + intelligent technology’ as its long-term development direction and has set phased targets for the promotion of
its electric products and solutions. In terms of our business model, we lower the initial investment threshold for customers
and accelerate market penetration through innovative approaches such as equipment leasing and energy management
services. At an operational level, we integrate climate adaptation considerations, such as flood prevention and heat
dissipation, into our project designs and establish contingency plans to enhance our business resilience.
114   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •      Adjustment of Product Structure: We will continue to increase investment in research and development and
             production resources for pure electric construction machinery, progressively raising the proportion of electric
             products within our overall business portfolio. We plan to launch a new generation of mining trucks, Electric
             Loaders, electric excavators, and mobile charging vehicles in succession.

      •      Clean Energy Strategy: Transitioning from a dedicated equipment manufacturer to a system solutions provider of
             ‘Green Energy + Electric Equipment’. We have partnered with Boyue New Energy to construct rooftop photovoltaic
             systems at our own factories and are promoting a ‘Photovoltaics + Electric Mining Trucks’ model to clients,
             enabling direct participation in the generation and application of clean energy.

      •      Intelligent Upgrades: Integrating autonomous driving technology with electrified products to enhance product
             value-add and customer value, whilst reducing the need for manual labour in high-risk positions.

      The Company recognises the importance of scenario analysis in assessing strategy resilience but has not yet completed
      formal climate-related scenario analysis. The Company is developing internal capabilities and gathering the required data
      to conduct reliable scenario modelling. Accordingly, the Company has applied the Capabilities Relief and Reasonable
      Information Relief.

      Given the Company’s scale and business nature, both current and anticipated financial effects are not material, no
      significant financial impacts have been quantified, and none are currently difficult to quantify reliably in a manner that
      would alter strategic decisions. The Company has therefore applied the Financial Effects Relief and the Capabilities Relief.
      The Company’s existing sustainability initiatives do not constitute a specific climate-related transition plan at this stage.
      The Company will continue to assess the need for a formal transition plan in future reporting periods as climate-related
      requirements and internal capabilities evolve.

      Risk Management

      In terms of risk management, the Company is in the process of integrating climate-related risks into its overall risk
      management framework, to be identified, assessed, and monitored through standardised processes.

      •      Risk Identification

             Input data includes: developments in national and international climate policies and regulations, internal operational
             data, supplier information, customer feedback, and the results of stakeholder engagement. The scope of the risk
             assessment covers the Group’s headquarters, all manufacturing plants and principal functional departments.

      •      Risk Assessment

             The Company assesses climate-related risk based on two dimensions: the likelihood of its occurrence and the
             severity of its impact. The factors considered for the severity of impact include the potential increase in operating
             costs, the potential effect on revenue, the impact on asset values, the risk to employee safety, and the effect on
             the Company’s reputation. The assessment process spans the entire business chain, from product research and
             development and the construction of energy systems to the delivery of complete solutions.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        115




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


•      Risk Prioritisation

       Following an assessment of the nature, likelihood, and magnitude of climate-related risks, the Company
       incorporates these into its risk map alongside other business risks (such as market, credit, and operational risks) for
       prioritisation. Material risks are given priority for inclusion in the risk register, and management responsibilities are
       duly assigned.

•      Risk Monitoring

       The Company, through its ESG Working Group, regularly tracks climate policy and market dynamics; the Production
       and Operations Department monitors for any abnormal fluctuations in energy consumption and emissions data on
       a monthly basis; and the EHS department supervises the implementation and drilling of emergency response plans
       for climate-related risks.

Metrics and Targets

With respect to the cross-industry indicators, the Company has applied a Reasonable Information Relief. The Company
does not currently maintain or employ an internal carbon pricing mechanism in its decision-making processes. In view
of the low materiality of climate-related risks and the limited carbon footprint of its operations, the Company does not
consider it necessary to adopt an internal carbon pricing mechanism at this stage. The Company will progressively explore
the disclosure of other relevant industry-specific metrics in future Reporting Periods, in line with its business operations.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s capital expenditure, financing, or investment concerning climate-related risks
and opportunities were primarily concentrated in the following areas:

Category of Project                      Description
Low-carbon product R&D investment        Focused investment in battery technology, intelligent scheduling, and system
                                         integration to develop high-tonnage, long-range electric mining trucks and
                                         loaders.
Clean energy facility construction       Planning or constructing distributed photovoltaic systems at various production
                                         bases; prioritising capital expenditure for the construction of a photovoltaic and
                                         energy storage demonstration project in Africa.
Procurement of energy-saving and         Promoting the digitalisation of production processes to optimise energy
environmental protection equipment       consumption; undertaking high-temperature adaptation retrofitting of existing
                                         facilities.
Supply chain collaboration               Controlling investment in high-carbon assets through supply chain collaboration
                                         rather than direct development.


During the Reporting Period, direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1) were principally derived from road
transport activities related to our operations, whereas indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) were primarily attributable to the
electricity consumption at our facilities. In respect of the cross-industry indicators, the Company has applied the reasonable
data exemption and does not currently maintain or adopt an internal carbon pricing mechanism in its decision-making
processes.
116   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      To systemically advance our decarbonisation work and align with the national ‘Dual Carbon’ strategy, the Company has
      established short-, medium-, and long-term climate-related targets to manage greenhouse gas emissions and promote
      sustainable development in a structured manner. Our short-term targets (by 2030) focus on strengthening our data
      infrastructure, with a commitment to enhancing internal data collection systems and undertaking a systematic accounting
      of Scope 3 emissions.

      Our medium-term targets (by 2035) centre on transforming our energy mix, with the objective of ensuring that 50% of the
      annual electricity consumption at our manufacturing plants is sourced from photovoltaic power generation systems or other
      renewable energy. This target applies to all manufacturing plants within the Group, with the proportion of renewable energy
      used (defined as the percentage of electricity from renewable sources out of total electricity consumption) serving as the
      core metric. Furthermore, with 2024 as our baseline year, we aim to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 20%
      from the baseline level by 2035.

      Our long-term goal is to achieve carbon neutrality by 2055, thereby aligning with the national ‘dual carbon’ objectives and
      fully honouring our corporate social responsibility in response to climate change.

      In relation to the setting, review, and monitoring of our objectives, the methodology for the Company’s short-term targets
      follows the Greenhouse Gas Protocol to ensure a scientific basis for our Scope 3 inventory method; our long-term targets
      are aligned with national strategies. The ESG Committee will review progress against these targets annually and assess
      their appropriateness. The metrics used to monitor progress include total GHG emissions and emission intensity. Should
      the targets require revision due to material business adjustments or changes in the external regulatory environment, such
      revisions and the corresponding reasons will be disclosed in the ESG report following review and approval by the Board.
      At present, our greenhouse gas emissions targets have not been independently verified by a third party.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       117




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



4.     Leading Technological Innovation, Driving Digital and Intelligent Transformation

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) corresponding to this chapter




“The sea accommodates a hundred rivers, for its vastness lies in its capacity.” During the reporting period, the Company
will accelerate its global expansion, prioritising markets in the Americas, Africa, and Southeast Asia to propel the brand
onto the world stage. We shall leverage economies of scale to reduce costs and enhance services through localised
operations, enabling “Chinese smart manufacturing” to shine on the global stage. However challenging the path ahead
may be, we shall advance with an open mindset and resolute strides, expanding our horizons and competing on the world
stage.
118   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      4.1 Technology Ethics and Digital and Intelligent Transformation

      We place paramount importance on technology ethics, actively fulfilling our social responsibilities by integrating ethical
      principles into every facet of R&D, production, and operations. We relentlessly advance technology for the greater good
      of humanity. Prior to product development and technological deployment, the Group conducts comprehensive ethical
      risk assessments to identify potential hazards and formulate countermeasures, ensuring all applications align with ethical
      standards. Throughout 2025, the Group recorded no incidents of technology ethics violations.

      The Group actively advances the establishment of digital platforms and systems. This year saw the completion of upgrades
      to the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) system and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, alongside the
      development of systems tailored to company processes based on core business logic. This enables digital empowerment
      across human resources, finance, dual carbon management, and smart manufacturing management.

      Case Study: Breton’s Autonomous Mining Trucks and Loaders

      The Company is leveraging technological innovations in embodied intelligence to transform autonomous vehicles into
      powerful robots, fundamentally reshaping mining production logic. This technological breakthrough challenges the paradox
      that “mining equals destruction,” forging a new equilibrium between industrial civilisation and ecological civilisation through
      the interplay of code and machinery.

      The massive steel chassis transcends mere transport, deeply integrating with digital sensors like LiDAR and cameras
      within an embodied intelligence framework to form a distributed perception network. Through direct mechanical interaction
      with ore, slopes, and depressions, it generates real-time action strategies. This paradigm of ‘body as intelligence’ evolves
      machines from passive puppets executing commands into autonomous entities capable of adapting to unstructured
      environments.

      By deeply integrating the innate physical responses of mechanical systems with AI models, Breton’s unmanned equipment
      achieves a multidimensional deconstruction of the mining environment: they not only “see” the geometric contours of the
      terrain but also “sense” the mechanical properties of the ground; they not only “recognise” the visual characteristics of
      ore but also “understand” the physical essence of the ore layer. This perceptual capability, transcending traditional sensor
      logic, represents the unique evolutionary trajectory embodied intelligence bestows upon engineering machinery.

      Confronted with the complexity of unstructured mining environments, Breton’s autonomous equipment develops a
      distinctive “physical intuition” through mechanical interactions between its chassis and surroundings: when tyres traverse
      loose rock strata, the drive system’s torque distribution automatically optimises based on ground feedback, much like
      a mountaineer adjusting stride for shifting scree; When the loader bucket contacts ore, hydraulic pressure feedback
      dynamically corrects the digging angle, preventing equipment wear caused by rigid operations in conventional machinery.
      This capability stems not from complex navigation algorithms, but from deep coupling between mechanical structures and
      physical laws, transforming every action into an instantaneous experiment in environmental adaptation.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        119




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Case Study: Breton Enhances Mining Equipment Reliability Through Full-Chain Intelligence

The electrical system serves as the ‘nervous system’ of mining equipment; any malfunction will bring the entire vehicle to a
standstill. Our company has introduced intelligent low-voltage distribution units to replace traditional fuse modules. These
units monitor load operating conditions in real time, meet over-temperature and over-current protection requirements, and
can self-reset after fault clearance without manual intervention, thereby reducing maintenance workload.

Regarding battery management, the intelligent thermal management system adjusts cooling power based on real-time
temperatures, maintaining batteries within their optimal operating range. Intelligent charge balancing automatically regulates
current according to voltage differentials across multiple battery cells, enabling low-current equalisation maintenance to
reduce battery degradation. These features ensure stable battery system operation under high-intensity conditions, as
evidenced by Breton’s pure-electric mining trucks retaining 88% capacity after five years of service.

The company’s competitive edge lies in its integrated vehicle intelligence design capabilities. The proprietary Vehicle Control
Unit (VCU), acting as the central brain, integrates real-time vehicle status, load, driver commands and environmental data,
dynamically coordinating core components such as the battery management system and motor controller. It intelligently
adjusts battery output during heavy uphill climbs and optimises energy recovery rhythms on descents, ensuring responsive
power delivery while preventing current surges to extend battery lifespan. The VCU transmits operational data in real-time
to the customer management platform, where algorithms generate precise maintenance recommendations. This empowers
maintenance teams to make data-driven decisions and schedule servicing proactively, thereby reducing unexpected failure
rates.

Taking the BRT968K loader as an example, its transmission oil pump employs a dual-function intelligent control unit that
proactively increases lubricant supply based on operational demands. This reduces metal wear and extends transmission
service life. The introduction of ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) significantly enhances the safety performance
of our intelligent loaders. These features encompass forward collision warning, rear-view camera or 360° surround-view
systems, and cab occupant monitoring capabilities. This enables real-time assessment of the driver’s condition, preventing
fatigue driving or distracted operation. Concurrently, the vehicle positioning system and communication/dispatch system
enable precise equipment management. Tyre Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) and Blind Spot Detection (BSD) further
enhance driving safety, thereby reducing the occurrence of accidents.

The company maintains dedicated autonomous driving and vehicle development teams, incorporating automated
operations into design considerations from the product initiation stage to achieve synchronised hardware and software
iteration. Consequently, our vehicles have become the preferred partner for an increasing number of autonomous driving
enterprises, research institutions, and mining technology departments.
120   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      4.2 Product Quality and Safety

      The Group employs advanced innovative technologies alongside traditional craftsmanship to deliver aesthetically refined
      products with outstanding performance. We recognise that product quality responsibility extends throughout the entire
      value chain – from design and manufacturing to delivery and usage – and remain steadfast in our commitment to product
      quality and customer service.

      Product Quality Management

      The Group has established a quality management system covering the entire product lifecycle, implementing stringent
      controls at every stage from conceptual design to market launch. Through the synergistic application of quality planning,
      quality control, quality improvement, and quality assurance, we achieve rigorous oversight across all phases of the product
      lifecycle. A dynamic management mechanism based on product quality and safety risk prevention and monitoring has been
      established, overseeing the entire process from R&D, material procurement, production processes, to shipment. Quality
      control throughout the production process encompasses material inspection, in-process inspection, final vehicle inspection
      upon completion, and final vehicle inspection prior to dispatch. Annual internal and external quality system audits are
      conducted.

      1.     Establish component incoming inspection standards and conduct incoming inspections on parts;

      2.     Verify production processes based on critical control points during assembly;

      3.     Final vehicle inspections upon assembly completion and prior to factory dispatch must be conducted in accordance
             with inspection standards. Inspection items include: static testing, road testing, figure-eight circuit testing, ramp
             testing, jacking hydraulic pressure testing, braking distance testing, three-phase comprehensive testing, and
             charging testing;

      4.     Battery cells shall undergo mandatory inspection by a third-party organisation in accordance with national
             standards.

      5.     The complete vehicle shall undergo type approval testing by a third-party organisation.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        121




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Product After-Sales Service Management

Product after-sales service management is strictly implemented in accordance with the Finished Product Inspection
Specifications, encompassing post-production line inspection and factory exit inspection. Inspections include static
testing, road testing, figure-eight circuit testing, slope testing, hydraulic lift testing, braking distance testing, three-item
comprehensive testing, and charging testing.

Safety remains our paramount concern, ensuring users are not exposed to safety risks due to immature technology.
We have established a Safety Committee, adhering to the safety principle of “Safety First, Prevention Primarily”. We
have established a robust product quality and safety accountability system, committed to driving continuous innovation
in product safety technology, enhancing monitoring platform efficiency, optimising after-sales service capabilities,
strengthening incident response and handling, and comprehensively safeguarding product and user safety.

The Group has established policies and standard procedures for handling complaints submitted through various channels
(such as telephone, email, and WeChat) from retail outlets across different countries. During the reporting period, the
Group received 27 complaints from clients, 100% of complaints were related to equipment and parts malfunctions, and all
of them have been resolved by replacing the equipment or sending personnel to repair them. Our customer service teams
meticulously document and address all customer complaints, investigating underlying causes, following up on issues, and
providing resolutions. Dedicated customer service teams operate in each region, supported by a 400 service hotline. Our
customer service department operates 24 hours online to address product quality and repair issues, safeguarding our ESG
reputation and upholding sustainable development. We meticulously document the key points of customer complaints,
investigate underlying causes, and propose resolutions.
122   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      ISO Certification

      The company holds the GB/T 19001-2016/ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System certification, with the scope of
      certification extending to subsidiaries including Breton Shandong and Breton Wuhan.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       123




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



4.3 Research, Development and Innovation

Upholding the core value of “pioneering innovation”, the Group adheres to the transformation and upgrading strategy
of “high-end, digital-intelligent, and green development”. It has established a technological innovation system and a
comprehensive institutional management framework, formulating the Group’s innovation strategy and technological
roadmap to steer innovative advancement. The Group’s Chief Technology Officer is responsible for determining the
strategic direction of the Group’s technological development, providing advisory opinions and basis for decisions on major
technological activities. The Group’s Technology Committee fully leverages and enhances the technical influence of experts
to improve the Group’s technological decision-making system.

During the reporting period, we have continuously researched and developed 21 projects, resulting in the launch of 10 new
products.

The Company has established a systematic and institutionalised R&D and innovation management system to ensure the
effective implementation of technological innovation activities and maximise resource efficiency. The company operates a
Central Research Institute as the centralised R&D management department, responsible for coordinating all corporate R&D
activities and implementing end-to-end process control covering project initiation, design development, verification and
validation, through to commercialisation. R&D projects are managed through a tiered system (A-D grades) and a project
manager accountability framework to ensure clear objectives and defined responsibilities.

Regarding innovation mechanisms, the company encourages comprehensive R&D spanning fundamental technological
breakthroughs to product optimisation and refinement. Through cross-departmental reviews, phased acceptance
assessments, and regular evaluations, the quality and efficiency of R&D are continuously enhanced. Regarding R&D
expenditure, the company implements dedicated budget management. The Finance Department conducts independent
accounting for each project, standardising fund usage and allocation. Development expenditures meeting capitalisation
criteria are capitalised to ensure sustained investment in R&D resources.

4.4 Intellectual Property Protection

The Group places high importance on intellectual property protection, having established a comprehensive system
covering the entire process from patent applications and technical secrecy to unified management of outcomes. This
ensures effective protection and conversion of innovative achievements. Concurrently, through performance assessments
of R&D personnel and project-specific incentive measures, the Group stimulates the innovative enthusiasm of technical
staff, fostering an organisational environment conducive to long-term innovation.

The Group actively safeguards intellectual property rights, including product patents, trademarks, core technologies,
modes of use, and packaging designs. During the reporting period, the Group secured 12 newly authorised patents in
China, bringing its cumulative total of authorised patents in China to 163. Overseas, three new patents were authorised,
maintaining a cumulative total of three authorised patents. No reports or complaints regarding serious violations of
intellectual property laws and regulations were received by the Group during this period. The Group conducted three
intellectual property protection training sessions, covering 90% of its employees.
124   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      4.5 Privacy Protection and Information Security

      The Group strictly adheres to the principal legal and regulatory requirements listed in the Appendix, ensuring that personnel
      engaged in technological activities possess relevant qualifications and that research facilities and infrastructure comply with
      stipulated standards. The processing of personal data, including personal privacy data and biometric information, must
      conform to relevant personal information protection regulations. Activities such as data collection, storage, processing,
      and utilisation, as well as the development of new technologies for research and development data, must also comply with
      national data security and personal information protection regulations.

      At the technical level, we employ opt-in consent and/or client-confirmed authorisation for data collection, with encrypted
      storage to guarantee data subjects’ rights to information, access, rectification, erasure, and restriction of processing.
      Measures, including information system access controls, network access and login restrictions, outgoing document audits,
      keyword identification, and screen watermarking, enhance outgoing information management to prevent privacy breaches.

      To further enhance information security management, the Company has established a comprehensive prevention and
      control mechanism, encouraging any employee to immediately report actual or potential information security incidents to
      the Legal Department via email, ensuring prompt response and resolution. During the reporting period, the Group received
      no reports or complaints regarding serious breaches of privacy protection and information security laws and regulations.

      Privacy Reporting Channel

      Reporting email: legal@breton.top

      4.6 Responsible Supply Chain

      The Group’s ability to deliver high-quality products and services to customers in a timely manner is underpinned by a robust
      and resilient supply chain. The Group has established a comprehensive supplier management system, encompassing a
      series of regulations and procedures including the Supplier Management Procedures and the Breton Technology Co., Ltd.
      Procurement Management System. These processes and regulations are designed to comprehensively control supplier
      product quality, supply stability, and service consistency, thereby ensuring the Group’s products and services maintain
      consistently high standards.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        125




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Procurement Department is responsible for executing relevant agreements with suppliers, including the General
Terms and Conditions of Purchase Contract and Confidentiality Agreements. The Quality Department handles the signing
of Quality Agreements with suppliers, while the Technical Department executes Technical Agreements with suppliers as
required.

Procurement personnel initiate the Supplier Onboarding process within the system. For mass-production suppliers in
manufacturing, the procurement officer submits an application, which is reviewed by the Head of Procurement and the
Procurement Director, and becomes effective upon approval by the Chairman. For R&D projects or those requiring urgent
and rapid production, the procurement officer initiates the process, which is reviewed by the Head of Procurement and
approved by the Procurement Director. Upon approval, if no new product trial production is required, the supplier is added
to the approved supplier list. If new product trial production is necessary, the corresponding process is initiated via the OA
system. Following quality verification and confirmation, the supplier is included in the approved supplier list.

The Customer Service Department shall submit the collated post-sales issues via the OA system using the “Quality
Information Feedback and Rectification” process. Where the Quality Department issues a non-conformance report, the
Procurement Department shall notify the supplier of the non-conforming product details and require them to complete root
cause analysis and implement corrective actions within the stipulated timeframe.

For production materials deemed non-compliant by Quality, the Quality Department shall issue a determination notice
specifying the procurement liaison responsible for subsequent material tracking. The warehouse executes transfers based
on the Transfer Request; for replacements, the Procurement Department initiates a replacement request, while returns
require the Procurement Department to prepare a return note before transferring it to the warehouse, which processes the
Goods Receipt Note as a red-letter document.

To address supply chain risks, we have established a comprehensive supply chain assessment system employing a holistic
approach to identify suppliers’ environmental, human rights, and corporate governance risks. This encompasses internal
risk assessments, external environmental analysis, data and statistical analysis, due diligence, and risk control mechanisms.
Building upon this comprehensive initial risk identification, we have implemented a rigorous supplier admission mechanism
requiring suppliers to hold relevant certifications, including environmental certifications, to meet green and environmental
requirements. During the onboarding of new suppliers in the reporting period, we implemented a management process
encompassing integrity agreements, qualification documentation submission, review and evaluation, followed by supplier
rectification and re-evaluation. This integrates suppliers’ sustainability policies, practices, and performance into the
registration, assessment, and audit processes. Initial screening for new suppliers requires companies holding ISO9001 and
ISO/IATF16949 certifications to submit copies of their certificates. For companies without any quality system certification,
we assess our actual supplier resource requirements and, where necessary, provide guidance to enhance their quality
systems, mandating compliance with ISO9001 standards and subsequent certification.
126   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      We emphasise ethical and environmental standards, requiring third-party manufacturers to adhere to these principles
      throughout production to ensure sustainability compliance. Routine audits maintain performance benchmarks. We foster
      robust partnerships with suppliers committed to sustainability and possessing robust ESG frameworks. Notably, one of
      our key suppliers was recognised as one of the “Top Ten Chinese ESG Role Models” by China Media Group in 2023. This
      supplier has established clear carbon neutrality targets, aiming to achieve carbon neutrality for its core operations by 2025
      and across its entire value chain by 2035.

      Furthermore, given the bulk and weight of construction machinery, logistics inherently presents significant challenges
      and risks. Throughout our logistics operations, safety and environmental protection are prioritised. We collaborate with
      reputable, compliant third-party logistics providers to ensure adherence to transport regulations across all jurisdictions
      along the supply chain, thereby maintaining safety, reliability, and operational efficiency. To minimise environmental impact,
      we optimise transport routes to reduce carbon emissions and actively minimise packaging material usage. We select
      biodegradable and recyclable materials, such as paper cushioning and inflatable film, as alternatives to traditional plastic
      foam. We also encourage suppliers to adopt sustainable and environmentally friendly packaging solutions.

      During the reporting period, we will implement a comprehensive supplier quality training programme. Through diverse
      methods including technical exchanges and training sessions, we will engage in multi-dimensional dialogue with suppliers
      to ensure they fully grasp the Group’s rigorous standards regarding product technical characteristics, quality requirements,
      potential deviations, and safety and environmental considerations. This initiative aims to assist suppliers in enhancing
      their capabilities in product quality innovation, quality assurance, and technical services. This will strengthen supply chain
      resilience and reliability while effectively reducing operational costs, thereby further consolidating the Group’s market
      position and brand influence. The ultimate objective is to ensure products meet the most stringent quality standards from
      source to final delivery, realising our vision of mutual progress with suppliers.

      The Group also recognises the significance of environmental and social risks within supply chain activities, such as
      unforeseeable and unavoidable circumstances including extreme weather and public emergencies. The Group intends to
      establish additional ESG risk identification criteria and implement measures to monitor relevant supplier conduct, thereby
      addressing potential adverse environmental and social impacts.
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       127




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



5.     Fostering a Harmonious Workplace and Fulfilling Social Responsibility

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) addressed in this chapter




“The essence of governance lies in securing the right people.” Breton recognises that talent is the foremost resource for
corporate development. During the reporting period, we will implement a more open talent strategy, recruiting individuals
without prejudice, motivating contributors, and empowering strivers. As The Analects states: “Advance the upright and
set aside the crooked, then the people will submit. “Through equitable mechanisms, expansive platforms, and generous
rewards, we shall attract global talent, pool formidable strength, and jointly compose Breton’s glorious chapter.
128   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      5.1 Labour Compliance

      The Group strictly adheres to relevant International Labour Organisation conventions and the laws and regulations of the
      countries and regions where it operates. The employment of child labour and forced labour is strictly prohibited. During the
      reporting period, no instances of child labour or forced labour were identified within the Group.

      The Group strictly prohibits the employment of child labour and forced labour in any form. The Human Resources
      Department rigorously verifies the identity of new employees through multiple compliance procedures, including the
      collection and verification of original identity documents and onboarding registration forms. The Group explicitly prohibits
      the employment of child labour in its Staff Handbook. Relevant departments also regularly review employment records and
      data to ensure no instances of child labour or forced labour occur.

      5.2 Employment Details and Diversity

      Employee Details

      As of 31 December 2025, there were 334 employees across the Group’s operational locations, comprising 330 employees
      in Mainland China and 4 employees in Hong Kong. All employees within the operational locations are full-time. The
      male-to-female ratio among employees is approximately 85:15. For further details, please refer to the “Social Performance
      Data Table” section of this ESG Report.

      The Group strictly complies with employment-related laws and regulations in the regions where it operates. For details,
      please refer to Appendix 4 — “Key Applicable Laws and Regulations”. During the reporting period, the Group did not
      receive any reports or complaints regarding serious violations of employment-related laws and regulations. The Group
      supports diversity and equal development within its workforce and is committed to eliminating all forms of discrimination
      and harassment in the workplace. We place high value on team diversity, with members hailing from various ethnic
      backgrounds including Han, Kazakh, Hui, and Yi. We recruit employees with disabilities, assigning them specific tasks
      commensurate with their capabilities, thereby fulfilling our corporate social responsibility by empowering them to realise
      their full potential and enhance their quality of life.

      Staff Recruitment and Promotion

      We standardise key recruitment processes, including the submission of recruitment requirements, interview screening,
      hiring approvals, and probationary period management. This ensures fairness and transparency in recruitment
      management, laying a solid foundation for building a healthy and equitable working environment. We are committed to
      establishing diverse talent development pathways and maintaining transparent, fair promotion mechanisms. This provides
      employees with an equitable environment for advancement, ensuring that every employee’s efforts and talents are treated
      justly. We adhere to standardised employee management guidelines, covering recruitment, probationary-to-permanent
      conversion, resignation or dismissal procedures, and handover processes. Further details are outlined in our Recruitment
      Management System.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        129




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Employee Turnover

We strictly adhere to labour contracts and relevant laws and regulations in the countries and regions where we operate
to establish employee departure procedures (including resignation and dismissal), safeguarding employee rights. Upon
an employee’s departure, we conduct exit interviews to understand their reasons for leaving and gather feedback for the
Group.

Total Employee Turnover Rate: 36.1%

5.3 Remuneration and Benefits

Employee Rights

The Group has established a comprehensive remuneration policy covering wages, bonuses, benefits and allowances,
aiming to provide fair and market-competitive total rewards to attract, motivate and retain talent. We ensure all employees,
regardless of gender, enjoy equal pay, benefits, and promotion opportunities, actively opposing discrimination. Generally,
remuneration is determined based on each employee’s qualifications, experience, position, and tenure. We strictly comply
with local laws and regulations where we operate, providing comprehensive statutory welfare protections.

We regularly update our Staff Handbook, which details leave entitlements, benefits, and rights. A trade union safeguards
employee interests. Additional benefits include meal allowances, travel subsidies, festive bonuses, health check-ups, and
other employee perks. We organise regular team-building activities and distribute statutory festive benefits to enhance
team cohesion and a sense of belonging. For instance, both Shandong Breton and Wuhan Breton within our Group
have entered into health examination service agreements with Meinian Health. Shandong Breton distributes peanut oil,
mooncakes, zongzi, and white flour as festive benefits to employees. In Shanghai, we distribute E-coupon as festive
benefits. Furthermore, we regularly conduct training courses to enhance employees’ comprehensive skills and capabilities.

5.4 Talent Development Planning

The Group fully recognises the importance of employees continuously enhancing their professional knowledge and skills
and has established a comprehensive employee development and training policy. We provide diverse internal and external
training opportunities for staff at all levels, including management personnel, sales and marketing staff, and operational and
back-office personnel. These encompass induction training, role-specific qualification training, professional knowledge and
business skills enhancement, comprehensive management training, and advanced development programmes.

During the reporting period, employees across all locations completed a total of 2,100 training hours, with an average of
approximately 6.5 hours per employee.
130   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      We have established a strategy-driven career development framework grounded in organisational strategy decoding and
      talent value creation. The management sequence focuses on enhancing organisational effectiveness, targeting role groups
      with team management responsibilities and resource allocation authority. Leadership competency models are employed
      to build talent pipelines. The professional sequence emphasises technical depth development, establishing specialist
      roles in core technical domains. Practitioners must possess systematic professional knowledge and the ability to tackle
      complex problems, driving business value growth through technological innovation. Group production site sequence talent
      development requires practitioners to possess practical experience in production operations management, accumulated
      expertise in audit certification, qualification and competency certification, and quality assurance management practice.

      5.5 Occupational Health and Safety

      The Group consistently prioritises occupational health and safety, establishing “Respect for Life, Safe Development” as its
      core guiding principle and steadfastly pursuing the ultimate goal of “zero accidents”. To this end, we have formulated and
      regularly update internal regulations including the Safety Management System, Safety Inspection Management System,
      Production Safety Operation Specifications, Assembly Operation Safety Specifications, Equipment Safety Operating
      Procedures, and Production Workshop On-site Management System. This ensures seamless and efficient operation at
      every level, from top-level design to grassroots implementation.

      The Group has established a Work Safety Leadership Team comprising principal officers from all company units, with the
      General Manager overseeing the organisation and leadership of overall work safety. Its primary responsibilities include
      exercising comprehensive leadership over the company’s work safety management, researching and formulating work
      safety measures and labour protection plans, inspecting and supervising production safety, and investigating and handling
      accidents.

      The Group has established a Safety Committee, which conducts random on-site inspections based on issues identified
      and rectification progress across workshops. Should violations or unresolved rectification items be discovered, responsible
      departments and personnel will face penalties in accordance with relevant regulations. The Safety Committee is chaired by
      the company’s Vice President, who bears overall responsibility for safety production management.

      We have established comprehensive accident emergency response and investigation procedures, clearly defining the
      processes and mechanisms for accident reporting, investigation, handling, and subsequent rectification. In the event of a
      safety or health incident, on-site personnel must immediately report to their department head, who shall promptly notify
      the Safety Committee. The Safety Committee organises relevant departments to form an investigation team, conducting a
      thorough inquiry into the cause and sequence of events to ensure effective implementation of corrective measures.

      Our employees are central to our business operations, and safeguarding their health and safety underpins our long-term
      success. We have established a robust health and safety protection system alongside an occupational health and safety
      risk management framework. Under the guidance of dedicated personnel, we conduct regular occupational safety
      education and maintain safety facilities. Our standardised safety inspection system incorporates routine oversight methods
      such as spot checks and patrols to monitor operational conditions in real time. We perform daily safety and environmental
      inspections, promptly rectifying any non-compliant issues.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       131




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


We delivered 28 occupational health and safety training sessions totalling 19 hours, with over 600 employees participating.

                                                                                                             Number of
Personnel         Duration (Hours) Sessions       Department Format                       Total Duration    Participants

30                0.5                18           Production    Course + Meeting +                   270              540
                                                                On-site Guidance
25                1                  4            Equipment     Meeting                              100              100
15                1                  6            Process       Meeting                               90               90


We have obtained ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification and ISO 9001:2015
Quality Management System certification.
132   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      We have purchased employer’s liability insurance and accident insurance for our employees, and provide pre-employment
      medical examinations for each staff member. For roles involving specialised occupations, we conduct additional
      annual occupational health assessments. For employees diagnosed with occupational illnesses, the Human Resources
      Department will adjust their work assignments as appropriate and promptly determine arrangements for treatment or
      recuperation. We have organised two large-scale fire drills and crane injury drills to enhance staff safety awareness, equip
      them to respond appropriately to emergencies, and ensure employee safety.




      5.6 Social Responsibility

      We actively fulfil our corporate social responsibilities, aiming to build a shared future for our company, society, and the
      environment. In collaboration with third-party financial leasing companies, we have introduced leasing solutions for new
      energy construction machinery products, alleviating the investment burden on downstream enterprises. Downstream
      enterprises can obtain the required equipment without incurring substantial upfront capital expenditure, significantly
      reducing cash flow pressure. This not only contributes to achieving carbon neutrality but also promotes high-quality
      development. The Group maintains close engagement with communities through active participation in community
      activities, ensuring business development strategies consider community interests and benefits. During the reporting
      period, the Group’s cumulative charitable donations reached RMB100,000, with a primary focus on the field of national
      fitness.
                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT           BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             133




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Appendix 1 Environmental Performance Data Table
Environmental Key Performance Indicators                                  Unit                                                          2025
Total greenhouse gas        Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                Tonnes of CO2 equivalent                                   158.13
(GHG) emissions             (Scope 1)
                            Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                Tonnes of CO2 equivalent                                   473.74
                            (Scope 2)
                            Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                Tonnes of CO2 equivalent                                   238.91
                            (Scope 3)
                            Total greenhouse gas (GHG)                    Tonnes of CO2 equivalent per                               0.0011
                            emissions intensity                           HK$’000 of revenue
Energy Consumption          Total energy consumption                      Megawatt-hour (MWh)                                      3,223.62
                            Total energy intensity                        MWh/HK$ thousand in revenue                                0.0041
                            Consumption of purchased electricity Megawatt-hour (MWh)                                                 892.84
                            Clean energy consumption                      Megawatt-hour (MWh)                                      1,710.25
                            Petrol consumption                            Megawatt-hour (MWh)                                        565.19
                            Diesel consumption                            Megawatt-hour (MWh)                                          55.34
Water resource usage        Total water consumption                       Cubic metres (m³)                                       14,415.80
                            Water consumption intensity                   m³/HK$ thousand in revenue                                     0.02
                            Particulate Matter (PM) emissions             Kilogram (kg)                                                41.57
                            Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) emissions               Kilogram (kg)                                              449.12
                            Sulphur Oxides (SOx) emissions                Kilogram (kg)                                                  0.94
                            Hazardous waste generated         1
                                                                          Tonnes                                                         0.87
                            Hazardous waste intensity                     kg/HK$ thousand in revenue                                 0.0011
                            Non-hazardous waste generated          2
                                                                          Tonnes                                                            0
                            Non-hazardous waste intensity                 kg/HK$ thousand in revenue                                        0
Packaging materials         Total packaging materials used for            Tonnes                                                       0.165
                            finished products
                            Packaging material intensity                  kg/HK$ thousand in revenue                                0.00021
Environmental               Number of concluded cases of non- Cases                                                                         0
management                  compliance with environmental laws
                            and regulations

1     This primarily comprises oil-based waste generated during our production processes. For prevention, we utilise centralised storage and
      spill containment pallets, while any contaminated packaging and cloths are disposed of via a qualified third-party service provider.

2     The Group’s factories are all final assembly plants. Their core business involves the physical assembly and testing of components provided
      by upstream suppliers, and does not involve any processes that generate non-hazardous production waste. Consequently, the volume of
      non-hazardous waste generated during the production process in the reporting period was zero. To continually enhance our environmental
      management performance, we will proactively coordinate with third parties to refine the statistical scope and accounting methodologies for
      waste data, thereby further improving the accuracy and comparability of the relevant data in future reports.
134   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Appendix 2: Social Performance Data Table
      Social Key Performance Indicators                                           Unit       2025
      Days lost due to work-related injuries                                      Days        168
      Number of work-related fatalities                                           Number        0
      Work-related fatality rate                                                  %             0
      Number of work-related injury cases                                         Number        4
      Investment in employee work-related injury insurance                        RMB      164,490
      Workforce Overview
      By Gender                    Female                                         Number       52
                                   Male                                           Number      294
      By Employment Type           Total full-time employees                      Number      334
                                   Interns and other employment types             Number       12
      By Employee Level            Senior Management                              Number        3
                                   Middle Management                              Number       21
                                   General Staff                                  Number      322
      By Geographical              Mainland China                                 Number      324
      Region                       Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Overseas          Number       22
      By Age Group                 Number of employees aged 50 and over           Number       26
                                   Number of employees aged 30 – 50 (exclusive)   Number      254
                                   Number of employees aged 30 and under          Number       66
      Employee turnover
      Total employee turnover rate                                                %
      By Gender                    Female                                         %            15
                                   Male                                           %            29
                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   135




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Social Key Performance Indicators                                         Unit                           2025
By Age Group            Number of employees aged 50 and over              %                                15
                        Number of employees aged 30 – 50 (exclusive)      %                                28
                        Number of employees aged 30 and under             %                                27
By Geographical Region Mainland China                                     %                                28
Training duration
By Gender               Female                                            Hours                           777
                        Male                                              Hours                          4390
By Employee Level       Senior Management                                 Hours                            53
                        Middle Management                                 Hours                           149
                        General Staff                                     Hours                          4965
By Geographical         Mainland China                                    Hours                          5107
Region                  Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Overseas             Hours                            60
Number of employees trained
By Gender               Female                                            %                               100
                        Male                                              %                               100
By Employee Level       Senior Management                                 %                               100
                        Middle Management                                 %                               100
                        General Staff                                     %                               100
By Geographical         Mainland China                                    %                               100
Region                  Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Overseas             %                               100
Total number of suppliers
By Geographical         Mainland China                                    Number                          204
Region                  Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Overseas             Number                            0
Percentage of suppliers having completed an ESG assessment                %                               100
136   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Appendix 3: Governance Performance Data Table
      Governance Key Performance Indicators                                            Unit                              2025
      Percentage of female directors                                                   %                                       10
      Board meetings                                                                   Number                                   9
      Overall attendance rate at Board meetings                                        %                                       98
      Anti-corruption training                                                         Sessions                                 2
      Anti-corruption training coverage rate                                           %                                   100


      Appendix 4: Key Applicable Laws and Regulations
      Scope                               Key Applicable Laws and Regulations


      Anti-Corruption, Business           •    Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China
      Ethics and Compliance               •    Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                          •    Supervision Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                          •    Interim Provisions on the Prohibition of Commercial Bribery of the State
                                               Administration for Industry and Commerce
                                          •    Interpretation by the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s
                                               Procuratorate on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Handling
                                               Criminal Cases of Embezzlement and Bribery
                                          •    Interim Provisions on the Prohibition of Commercial Bribery
                                          •    Competition Ordinance
                                          •    Prevention of Bribery Ordinance
                                                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     137




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Scope                     Key Applicable Laws and Regulations


Environment and Climate   •   Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China
Change                    •   Environmental Protection Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   Water Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of
                              China
                          •   Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
                              Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste
                          •   Cleaner Production Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Noise
                              Pollution
                          •   Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard
                          •   Administrative Measures for the Conservation of Electricity
                          •   Regulations on the Conservation of Water
                          •   Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage
                          •   Environmental Protection Graphic Signs — Solid Waste Storage (Disposal) Sites
                          •   Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Hazardous Waste
                          •   National Catalogue of Hazardous Wastes (2025 Edition)
                          •   Measures for the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Waste
                              Hazardous Chemicals
                          •   Administrative Measures for the Management of Hazardous Waste Transfer
                              Manifests


Employment                •   The Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   The Employment Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   The Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   The Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   The Law of the People’s Republic of China on Mediation and Arbitration of Labour
                              Disputes
                          •   The Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Women’s Rights
                              and Interests
                          •   The Employment Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of China
                          •   The Interim Provisions on Wage Payment
                          •   The Regulations on the Management of Housing Provident Funds
                          •   The Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurance
                          •   The Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour
138   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Scope                          Key Applicable Laws and Regulations


      Occupational Health and        •   The Fire Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China
      Safety                         •   The Production Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                     •   The Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
                                         Occupational Diseases
                                     •   Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems
                                     •   The Special Provisions on Labour Protection for Female Employees
                                     •   The Measures for the Determination of Work-Related Injuries


      Product Liability              •   The Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                     •   The Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights
                                         and Interests
                                     •   The Regulations for the Implementation of the Law of the People’s Republic of
                                         China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests


      Privacy Protection and         •   The Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China
      Information Security           •   The Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                     •   The Personal Information Protection Law
                                     •   The Information Security Technology – Personal Information Security Specification
                                     •   The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)


      Intellectual Property          •   The Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                     •   The Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                     •   The Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law of the People’s
                                         Republic of China


      Science and Technology Ethics •    The Law of the People’s Republic of China on Progress in Science and Technology
                                     •   The Measures for the Ethical Review of Science and Technology (for Trial
                                         Implementation)
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    139




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Appendix 5 HKEX ESG Reporting Code Content Index
A. Environmental
Aspect A1: Emissions
General Disclosure        Information on:                                             Emissions and Waste Management
                                                                                      Key Applicable Laws and
                          (a) the policies; and                                       Regulations

                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                              have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                              air emissions, discharges into water and land, and
                              generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
KPI A1.1                  The types of emissions and respective emissions data.       Environmental Performance Data
                                                                                      Table
KPI A1.3                  Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where Environmental Performance Data
                          appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, Table
                          per facility).
KPI A1.4                  Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,         Environmental Performance Data
                          where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production   Table
                          volume, per facility）.
KPI A1.5                  Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to Emissions and Waste Management
                          achieve them.
KPI A1.6                  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous              Emissions and Waste Management
                          wastes are handled, and a description of reduction
                          target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Aspect A2: Use of Resources
General Disclosure        Policies on the efficient use of resources, including       Energy and Resource Management
                          energy, water and other raw materials.
KPI A2.1                  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. Environmental Performance Data
                          electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity Table
                          (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
KPI A2.2                  Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of Environmental Performance Data
                          production volume, per facility).                          Table
KPI A2.3                  Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and      Energy and Resource Management
                          steps taken to achieve them.
KPI A2.4                  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing         Energy and Resource Management
                          water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set
                          and steps taken to achieve them.
KPI A2.5                  Total packaging material used for finished products (in     Environmental Performance Data
                          tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit      Table
                          produced.
140   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      A. Environmental
      Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
      General Disclosure         Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on Committing to Green Development
                                 the environment and natural resources.
      KPI A3.1                   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the Committing to Green Development
                                 environment and natural resources and the actions taken
                                 to manage them.
      B. Social
      Employment and Labour Practices
      Aspect B1: Employment
      General Disclosure         Information on:                                              Key Applicable Laws and
                                                                                              Regulations
                                 (a) the policies; and                                        Employment Details and Diversity

                                 (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                     have a significant impact on the issuer relating
                                     to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                                     promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
                                     opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                                     benefits and welfare.
      KPI B1.1                   Total workforce by gender, employment type (for          Social Performance Data Table
                                 example, full- or part-time), age group and geographical
                                 region.
      KPI B1.2                   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and              Social Performance Data Table
                                 geographical region.
      Aspect B2: Health and Safety
      General Disclosure         Information on:                                              Key Applicable Laws and
                                                                                              Regulations
                                 (a) the policies; and                                        Occupational Health and Safety

                                 (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                     have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                                     providing a safe working environment and protecting
                                     employees from occupational hazards.
      KPI B2.1                   Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in     Social Performance Data Table
                                 each of the past three years including the reporting year.
      KPI B2.2                   Lost days due to work injury.                                Social Performance Data Table
                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   141




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



B. Social
KPI B2.3                  Description of occupational health and safety measures Occupational Health and Safety
                          adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Aspect B3: Development and Training
General Disclosure        Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills      Talent Development Planning
                          for discharging duties at work. Description of training
                          activities.
KPI B3.1                  The percentage of employees trained by gender and          Social Performance Data Table
                          employee category (e.g. senior management, middle
                          management).
KPI B3.2                  The average training hours completed per employee by       Social Performance Data Table
                          gender and employee category.
Aspect B4: Labour Standards
General Disclosure        Information on:                                            Labour Compliance
                                                                                     Key Applicable Laws and
                          (a) the policies; and                                      Regulations

                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                              have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                              preventing child and forced labour.
KPI B4.1                  Description of measures to review employment practices Labour Compliance
                          to avoid child and forced labour.
KPI B4.2                  Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices     Labour Compliance
                          when discovered.
Operating Practices
Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure        Policies on managing environmental and social risks of     Responsible Supply Chain
                          the supply chain.
KPI B5.1                  Number of suppliers by geographical region.                Social Performance Data Table
KPI B5.2                  Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,   Responsible Supply Chain
                          number of suppliers where the practices are being
                          implemented, and how they are implemented and
                          monitored.
KPI B5.3                  Description of practices used to identify environmental    Responsible Supply Chain
                          and social risks along the supply chain, and how they
                          are implemented and monitored.
KPI B5.4                  Description of practices used to promote environmentally Responsible Supply Chain
                          preferable products and services when selecting
                          suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
142   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      B. Social
      Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                             Product Quality and Safety
                                                                                               Key Applicable Laws and
                                   (a) the policies; and                                       Regulations

                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                       have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                                       health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                                       matters relating to products and services provided
                                       and methods of redress
      KPI B6.1                     Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to     Product Quality and Safety
                                   recalls for safety and health reasons.
      KPI B6.2                     Number of products and service-related complaints           Product Quality and Safety
                                   received and how they are dealt with.
      KPI B6.3                     Description of practices relating to observing and          Intellectual Property Protection
                                   protecting intellectual property rights.
      KPI B6.4                     Description of quality assurance process and recall         Product Quality and Safety
                                   procedures
      KPI B6.5                     Description of consumer data protection and privacy   Privacy Protection and Information
                                   policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Security
      Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                             Business Ethics and
                                                                                               Anti-Corruption
                                   (a) the policies; and                                       Key Applicable Laws and
                                                                                               Regulations
                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                       have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                                       bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
      KPI B7.1                     Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt           Business Ethics and
                                   practices brought against the issuer or its employees       Anti-Corruption
                                   during the reporting period and the outcomes of the
                                   cases.
      KPI B7.2                     Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing Business Ethics and
                                   procedures, and how they are implemented and           Anti-Corruption
                                   monitored.
      KPI B7.3                     Description of anti-corruption training provided to         Governance Performance Data
                                   directors and staff.                                        Table
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   143




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



B. Social
Community
Aspect B8: Community Investment
General Disclosure          Policies on community engagement to understand the         Social Responsibility
                            needs of the communities where the issuer operates
                            and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                            communities’ interests.
KPI B8.1                    Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,               Social Responsibility
                            environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture,
                            sport).
KPI B8.2                    Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus Social Responsibility
                            area.


Appendix 6 Climate-related Disclosure Content Index
                                                                                                    Corresponding
   Category          Subcategory                         Descriptions                           Section/Implementation
                                                                                                    Reliefs Applied
Governance                         Information about the governance body(s) or individual(s) Sustainable Governance
                                   responsible for oversight of climate-related risks and    Response to Climate
                                   opportunities.                                            Change – Governance
Governance                         Information about the management’s role in the        Sustainable Governance
                                   governance processes, controls and procedures used to Response to Climate
                                   monitor, manage and oversee climate-related risks and Change – Governance
                                   opportunities.
Strategy         Climate-related   Description of the reasonably expected climate-related Response to Climate
                 risks and         risks and opportunities that could affect the issuer’s cash Change – Strategy
                 opportunities     flows, financing channels or cost of capital in the short,
                                   medium, or long term.
                                   For each climate-related risk identified by the issuer,
                                   explanation of whether the issuer considers the risk to
                                   be related to climate-related physical factors or climate-
                                   related transitional factors.
                                   Specification of the time frame (short term, medium term
                                   or long term) during which each identified climate-related
                                   risk and opportunity is reasonably expected to impact
                                   the issuer.
                                   Explanation of how the issuer defines short term,
                                   medium term and long term and how these definitions
                                   are linked to the scope of its strategic decision-making
                                   planning.
144   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                              Corresponding
         Category       Subcategory                              Descriptions                             Section/Implementation
                                                                                                              Reliefs Applied
      Strategy        Business model Description of the current and anticipated effects of                Response to Climate
                      and value chain climate-related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s             Change – Strategy
                                      business model and value chain.
                                           Description of where climate-related risks and
                                           opportunities are concentrated within the issuer’s
                                           business model and value chain (e.g., geographical
                                           regions, facilities and types of assets).
      Strategy        Strategy and    Information about how the issuer has addressed and                  Response to Climate
                      decision-making plans to address significant climate related risks and              Change – Strategy
                                      opportunities in its strategies and decisions, including
                                      how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related
                                      targets it has set and any targets required by law or
                                      regulation.
                                           Information about how the issuer currently plans to
                                           provide resources for its actions to address significant
                                           climate-related risks and opportunities, both presently
                                           and in the future.
      Strategy        Current financial Information about how climate-related risks and                Response to Climate
                      effect            opportunities affect an issuer’s financial position, financial Change – Strategy
                                        performance and cash flows during the reporting period. Financial Effects Relief
                                           Information about how climate-related risks and
                                           opportunities affect the issuer’s financial position,
                                           financial performance and cash flows identification
                                           during the reporting period when there is a significant
                                           risk that will cause significant adjustments to the carrying
                                           amounts of assets and liabilities in the relevant financial
                                           statements for the next reporting year.
      Strategy        Anticipated          Disclosure of how the issuer anticipates its financial         Financial Effects Relief
                      financial effect     position to change in the short, medium and long term,         Capabilities Relief
                                           given its strategy to manage climate-related risks and
                                           opportunities, and taking into account its investment
                                           and disposal plans and planned sources of funding to
                                           implement its strategy.
                                           Disclosure of how the issuer expects its financial
                                           performance and cash flows to change over the short,
                                           medium and long term, given its strategy to manage
                                           climate-related risks and opportunities.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   145




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                   Corresponding
   Category        Subcategory                            Descriptions                         Section/Implementation
                                                                                                   Reliefs Applied
Strategy          Climate resilience Disclosure of the issuer’s assessment of its climate      Reasonable Information
                                     resilience as at the reporting date.                      Relief
                                    Disclosure of how and when to conduct climate-related      Capabilities Relief
                                    scenario analysis
Risk Management                     Information about the processes and related policies        Response to Climate
                                    used by issuers to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor Change – Risk
                                    climate-related risks.                                      Management
Risk Management                     Information about the processes used by issuers to           Response to Climate
                                    identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related     Change – Risk
                                    opportunities (including information about whether and Management
                                    how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis to
                                    inform its identification of climate-related opportunities).
Risk Management                     Information about the extent to which, and how, the        Response to Climate
                                    processes for identifying, assessing, prioritising and     Change – Risk
                                    monitoring of climate-related risks and opportunities      Management
                                    are integrated and inform the issuer’s overall risk
                                    management process.
Metrics and       GHG emissions     Disclosure of the absolute gross GHG emissions             Environmental Performance
Targets                             generated during the reporting period, expressed as        Data Table
                                    metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:              Reasonable Information
                                                                                               Relief
                                    (a) Scope 1 GHG emissions;

                                    (b) Scope 2 GHG emissions; and

                                    (c) Scope 3 GHG emissions.
146   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                      Corresponding
         Category       Subcategory                         Descriptions                          Section/Implementation
                                                                                                      Reliefs Applied
      Metrics and     GHG emissions   Measurement of greenhouse gas emissions in                  The Group measures
      Targets                         accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A              and discloses its GHG
                                      Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004)          emissions in accordance
                                      unless required by a jurisdictional authority or another    with the Greenhouse Gas
                                      exchange on which the issuer is listed to use a different   Protocol: A Corporate
                                      method for measuring greenhouse gas emissions.              Accounting and Reporting
                                                                                                  Standard (2004).
                                      Disclosure of the approach used to measure its GHG          Environmental Performance
                                      emissions including: (i) the measurement approach,          Data Table
                                      inputs and assumptions the issuer uses to measure
                                      its greenhouse gas emissions; (ii) the reason why the       We have selected these
                                      issuer has chosen the measurement approach, inputs          measurement approaches
                                      and assumptions it uses to measure its greenhouse gas       to ensure regulatory
                                      emissions; and (iii) any changes the issuer made to the     compliance with HKEX
                                      measurement approach, inputs and assumptions during         requirements.
                                      the reporting period and the reasons for those changes;
                                                                                                  The Company made
                                                                                                  no changes to the
                                                                                                  measurement approach,
                                                                                                  inputs and assumptions
                                                                                                  used to measure its GHG
                                                                                                  emissions during the
                                                                                                  Reporting Period.
                                      Disclosure of the location-based Scope 2 GHG             Environmental Performance
                                      emissions, and provide information about any contractual Data Table
                                      instruments that is necessary to enable an understanding
                                      of the issuer’s Scope 2 GHG emissions.
                                      Disclosure of the categories that included within the       Environmental Performance
                                      issuer’s measure of Scope 3 GHG emissions, in               Data Table
                                      accordance with the Scope 3 categories described in
                                      the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain
                                      (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).
                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     147




9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                  Corresponding
   Category    Subcategory                             Descriptions                           Section/Implementation
                                                                                                  Reliefs Applied
Metrics and   Climate-related    Disclosure of the amount and percentage of assets or         Reasonable Information
Targets       transition risks   business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition Relief
                                 risks.
Metrics and   Climate-related    Disclosure of the amount and percentage of assets or         Reasonable Information
Targets       physical risks     business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical   Relief
                                 risks.
Metrics and   Climate-related    Disclosure of the amount and percentage of assets            Reasonable Information
Targets       opportunities      or business activities aligned with climate-related          Relief
                                 opportunities.
Metrics and   Capital            Disclosure of the amount of capital expenditure, financing During the Reporting
Targets       deployment         or investment deployed towards climate-related risks and Period, the Group did
                                 opportunities.                                             not undertake any capital
                                                                                            expenditure, financing or
                                                                                            investments related to
                                                                                            climate-related risks and
                                                                                            opportunities.
Metrics and   Internal carbon    Disclosure of:                                               By the end of the Reporting
Targets       prices                                                                          Period, the Group had
                                 (a) an explanation of whether and how the issuer is          not yet applied an internal
                                     applying a carbon price in decision-making (for          carbon pricing mechanism
                                     example, investment decisions, transfer pricing, and     in its internal decision-
                                     scenario analysis); and                                  making processes.

                                 (b) the price of each metric tonne of GHG emissions the
                                     issuer uses to assess the costs of its GHG emissions;

                                 or an appropriate negative statement that the issuer
                                 does not apply a carbon price in decision-making.
Metrics and   Remuneration       Disclosure of whether and how climate-related                By the end of the Reporting
Targets                          considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or     Period, specific climate-
                                 an appropriate negative statement.                           related performance
                                                                                              metrics have not yet been
                                                                                              directly incorporated into
                                                                                              the Group’s remuneration
                                                                                              assessment system.
148   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      9. 2025 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                        Corresponding
         Category       Subcategory                            Descriptions                         Section/Implementation
                                                                                                        Reliefs Applied
      Metrics and     Industry-based      Encouragement to disclose industry-based metrics that    During the Reporting
      Targets         metrics             are associated with one or more particular business      Period, the Group had
                                          models, activities or other common features that         not yet referenced other
                                          characterise participation in an industry.               industry-based metrics that
                                                                                                   are associated with one or
                                                                                                   more particular business
                                                                                                   models, activities or other
                                                                                                   common features that
                                                                                                   characterise participation in
                                                                                                   our industry.


      Metrics and     Climate-related     Disclosure of (a) the qualitative and quantitative climate- Response to Climate
      Targets         targets             related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress      Change – Metrics and
                                          towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets Targets
                                          the issuer is required to meet by law or regulation,
                                          including any GHG emissions targets.
                                          Information about the issuer’s approach to setting and   Response to Climate
                                          reviewing each target, and how the issuer monitors       Change – Metrics and
                                          progress against each target.                            Targets
                                          Information about its performance against each climate- Response to Climate
                                          related target and an analysis of trends or changes in the Change – Metrics and
                                          issuer’s performance.                                      Targets
                                          For each GHG emissions target disclosed, disclosure of: Response to Climate
                                          which GHG are covered by the target;                     Change – Metrics and
                                          whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 GHG emissions Targets
                                          are covered by the target;
                                          whether the target is a gross GHG emissions target or
                                          a net GHG emissions target. If the issuer discloses a
                                          net GHG emissions target, the issuer is also required to
                                          separately disclose its associated gross GHG emissions
                                          target;
                                          whether the target was derived using a sectoral
                                          decarbonisation approach; and
                                          the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset GHG
                                          emissions to achieve any net GHG emissions target.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        149




10. DEFINITIONS



“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of Directors of the Company

“Corporate Governance Code”       the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“Company”                         Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (博雷頓科技股份公司), a limited liability company
                                  established under the laws of the PRC on November 28, 2016 and converted into a
                                  joint stock company with limited liability on November 23, 2022, the H shares of which
                                  are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1333)

“Director(s)”                     the Director(s) of the Company

“Breton Smart Electric”           Breton Smart Electric (Shanghai) Technology Co., Ltd. (博雷頓智電(上海)科技有限公
                                  司) (formerly known as: Baipin (Shanghai) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.), a limited
                                  liability company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                  Company

“Breton Intelligent”              Breton (Shanghai) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd., a limited liability company
                                  established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Connected Person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Domestic Share(s)”               ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                  each, which is/are subscribed for and paid up in RMB and not listed or traded on any
                                  stock exchange

“Global Offering”                 has the meaning ascribed thereto in the prospectus of the Company dated April 25,
                                  2025

“Group”, “we” or “us”             the Company and its subsidiaries

“H Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                  each, which is/are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and subscribed for
                                  and traded in Hong Kong dollars

“HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars”      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Latest Practicable Date”         April 28, 2026, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information in
                                  this annual report before its publication

“Listing”                         the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board
150   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      10. DEFINITIONS



      “Listing Date”                  May 7, 2025, being the date on which the H Shares were listed and approved for
                                      trading on the Main Board

      “Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                      Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Main Board”                    the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                      which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market
                                      of the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                    The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                      Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

      “PRC” or “China”                the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this annual report only,
                                      excludes Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s
                                      Republic of China and Taiwan

      “Placing Agreement”             The placing agreement entered into by the Company and the placing agent on
                                      November 14, 2025 (after trading hours) in relation to the placing under the general
                                      mandate

      “Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated April 25, 2025

      “Reporting Period”              As of the end of the Reporting Period

      “RMB”                           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                      each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)

      “Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of the Share(s) of the Company

      “Stock Exchange” or             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong
        “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”    Exchanges and Clearing Limited

      “Shanghai Fangao”               Shanghai Fangao Business Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海方翱商務
                                      諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the Laws of the PRC
                                      on September 11, 2018

      “Shanghai Fangzhanbo”           Shanghai Fangzhanbo Business Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海方
                                      展博商務諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the Laws of
                                      the PRC on August 26, 2022
                                                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   151




10. DEFINITIONS



“Shanghai Jifang”         Shanghai Jifang Business Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海驥方商
                          務諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the Laws of the
                          PRC on January 14, 2022, formerly known as Ningbo Breton Enterprise Management
                          Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波博雷頓企業管理諮詢合夥企業(有限
                          合夥))

“Supervisor(s)”           member(s) of the Supervisory Committee

“Supervisory Committee”   the supervisory committee of the Company

“treasury share(s)”       has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“subsidiary(ies)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under section 15 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
                          622 of the laws of Hong Kong)

“%”                       per cent
152   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Breton Technology Co., Ltd.
      (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


      OPINION

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
      (the “Group”) set out on pages 159 to 235, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
      December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the
      year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the
      “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.

      BASIS FOR OPINION

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
      responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
      financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
      Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities.
      We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
      have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     153




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.


 Timing of revenue recognition on sales of new energy engineering machinery

 Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 181 to 182.

 The Key Audit Matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

 For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue from            Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
 sales of Battery-electric vehicles and spare parts and       on sales of new energy engineering machinery included
 accessories (“new energy engineering machinery”)             the following:
 amounted to RMB768,264,000 was recognised in the
 Group’s consolidated statement of profit and loss.           •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
                                                                   design, implementation and operating effectiveness
 Revenue from sales of new energy engineering machinery            of management’s key internal controls in relation
 is recognised when the Group satisfies the performance            to revenue recognition from sales of new energy
 obligation by transferring the control over products              engineering machinery;
 promised in the contract with customer, which is the point
 of time when products are delivered at the customers’        •    inspecting customer contracts, on a sample basis,
 premises and the customers have accepted and taken                to identify performance obligations and terms
 possession of the products.                                       and conditions relating to goods acceptance and
                                                                   the right of return and assessing the Group’s
 We identified timing of revenue recognition on sales of           revenue recognition policies with reference to the
 new energy engineering machinery as a key audit matter            requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;
 because revenue is one of the key performance indicators
 of the Group and therefore there may be an incentive for     •    comparing, on a sample basis, revenue transactions
 management to advance or delay the timing of revenue              recorded during the year with the corresponding
 recognition to the incorrect accounting period to meet            customer contracts, goods acceptance notes
 performance expectations or targets.                              (“underlying documentation”) to assess whether the
                                                                   related revenue was recognised in accordance with
                                                                   the Group’s accounting policies;
154   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

       Timing of revenue recognition on sales of new energy engineering machinery

       Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 181 to 182.

       The Key Audit Matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                                   •     comparing, on a sample basis, specific revenue
                                                                         transactions recorded before and after the financial
                                                                         year end date with the underlying documentation
                                                                         to assess whether the related revenue had been
                                                                         recognised in the appropriate accounting period;
                                                                         and

                                                                   •     identifying significant sales returns from the sales
                                                                         ledger after the period end and inspecting the
                                                                         underlying documentation to assess if the related
                                                                         adjustments to revenue had been accounted for in
                                                                         the appropriate accounting period.
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       155




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Expected credit loss allowance of trade debtors

Refer to Notes 17 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 171 to 174.

The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit

Trade debtors include trade receivables and long-term         Our audit procedures to assess the ECL allowance for
trade receivables under installment arrangements. As at 31    trade debtors included the following:
December 2025, the Group’s gross carrying amounts of
the trade receivables and the long-term trade receivables     •    understanding and assessing the design,
under installment arrangements were RMB633,027,000                 implementation and operating effectiveness of key
and RMB79,161,000, respectively, and the expected                  internal controls relating to the assessment of ECL
credit loss (“ECL”) allowances were RMB249,306,000 and             allowance;
RMB12,174,000, respectively.
                                                              •    evaluating the Group’s policy for estimating the ECL
Management measures the loss allowance which takes                 allowance with reference to the requirements of the
into account loss given default, probability of default and        applicable accounting standards;
forward-looking information, with reference to a valuation
report prepared by an external valuer appointed by            •    assessing the competence, capabilities and
management.                                                        objectivity of the external valuer;

We identified the ECL allowance for trade debtors as a key    •    on a sample basis, selecting items to test the ageing
audit matter because trade debtors and ECL allowance               and other supporting information or documents
are material to the Group’s financial statements, and the          on which management bases the loss allowance
assessment of ECL is inherently subjective and requires            assessment;
significant management judgements.
                                                              •    assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                   estimates with the assistance of our internal valuation
                                                                   specialist, including assessing the reasonableness
                                                                   of probability of default, loss given default and
                                                                   adjustment for forwarding-looking information with
                                                                   reference to market condition; and

                                                              •    assessing the related disclosures in the
                                                                   consolidated financial statements with reference
                                                                   to the requirements of the applicable accounting
                                                                   standards.
156   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
      annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
      our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
      accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
      alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) in discharging their
      responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        157




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
       from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
       a manner that achieves fair presentation.
158   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      •      Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
             of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
             statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
             of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
      and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
      independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
      our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
      in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
      describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
      when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
      the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
      communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Au Yat Fo (practising certificate
      number: P04854).




      KPMG
      Certified Public Accountants
      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      30 March 2026
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT    BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   159




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
for the year ended 31 December 2025




(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                         Note             2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


Revenue                                                                  4(a)           779,483           635,457
Cost of sales                                                                          (693,309)         (598,618)
Gross profit                                                                             86,174             36,839
Other net gain                                                            5               5,950             24,617
Selling expenses                                                                        (67,640)           (59,720)
Administrative expenses                                                                 (98,896)         (109,264)
Research and development costs                                                          (69,706)           (81,707)
Impairment loss on trade and other receivables,
  contract assets and financial guarantee issued                         6(c)          (120,119)          (83,097)
Loss from operations                                                                   (264,237)         (272,332)
Finance income                                                           6(a)             8,332            10,547
Finance costs                                                            6(a)           (18,796)            (9,187)
Share of results of associates                                                           (5,456)            (3,485)
Loss before taxation                                                      6            (280,157)         (274,457)
Income tax                                                               7(a)           (38,045)               (90)
Loss for the year                                                                      (318,202)         (274,547)
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company                                                     (318,629)         (274,547)
Non-controlling interests                                                                   427                 –
Loss for the year                                                                      (318,202)         (274,547)
Loss per share                                                           10
– Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                                 (0.86)             (0.78)




The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
160   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      for the year ended 31 December 2025




      (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                               Note            2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      Loss for the year                                                                      (318,202)         (274,547)
      Other comprehensive income for the year
        (after tax and reclassification adjustments)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
         income – net movement in fair value reserves (not recycling)          28(e)            7,936            1,051
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                                   7,936            1,051
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                (310,266)         (273,496)
      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Company                                                     (310,950)         (273,496)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                   684                 –
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                (310,266)         (273,496)




      The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   161




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
at 31 December 2025




(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                         At 31 December
                                                                         Note             2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                             11            507,864            165,303
Other investments                                                         12             55,752             41,735
Right-of-use assets                                                       13            116,989            106,559
Intangible assets                                                         14              2,332              2,961
Interest in associates                                                    16             24,450             28,482
Other non-current assets                                                  17            225,126             73,660
                                                                                        932,513            418,700
Current assets
Inventories                                                               18            179,192            259,023
Contract assets                                                          19(a)           21,606              1,322
Trade and other receivables                                               20            651,820            555,833
Pledged bank deposits                                                     21            111,785              4,208
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 21            350,312            199,254
                                                                                       1,314,715          1,019,640
Current liabilities
Loans and borrowings                                                      22            496,654            267,197
Trade and other payables                                                  23            632,746            374,539
Provision                                                                 25             19,076             16,472
Contract liabilities                                                     19(b)            4,288              3,655
Lease liabilities                                                         24              5,407              3,222
Income tax payables                                                                      38,042                  –
                                                                                       1,196,213           665,085
Net current assets                                                                      118,502            354,555
Total assets less current liabilities                                                  1,051,015           773,255




The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
162   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      at 31 December 2025




      (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                               Note       2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


      Non-current liabilities
      Loans and borrowings                                                      22      224,821           85,116
      Lease liabilities                                                         24       13,310            2,606
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                            5,897            3,252
                                                                                        244,028           90,974
      NET ASSETS                                                                        806,987          682,281
      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                            27(c)    389,652          366,652
      Reserves                                                                          398,152          315,629
      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of
        the Company                                                                     787,804          682,281
      Non-controlling interests                                                          19,183                –
      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                      806,987          682,281


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2026.




      Chen Fangming                                               Yang Hui
      Chairman                                                    Director




      The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT                 BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  163




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 31 December 2025




(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                               Shares
                                                                           held for the
                                                                            Restricted                                                                                        Non-
                                                                Share            Share            Share           Capital        Fair value Accumulated                 controlling      Total
                                                 Note          capital        Scheme           premium            reserve          reserve       losses        Total      interests     equity
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                           (Note 27(c))   (Note 27(e)(iii)) (Note 27(e)(i)) (Note 27(e)(ii)) (Note 27(e)(iv))


Balance at 1 January 2024                                     366,652           (11,600)         892,324            42,368             8,705    (376,150)   922,299              –    922,299
Changes in equity for 2024:
Loss for the year                                                    –                 –                –                 –                –    (274,547)   (274,547)            –    (274,547)
Other comprehensive income                       27(d)               –                 –                –                 –            1,051           –       1,051             –       1,051
Total comprehensive income                                           –                 –                –                –             1,051    (274,547)   (273,496)            –    (273,496)
Equity settled share-based payment                 26                –                 –                –           33,478                 –           –      33,478             –      33,478
Balance at 31 December 2024
  and 1 January 2025                                          366,652           (11,600)         892,324            75,846             9,756    (650,697)   682,281              –    682,281
Changes in equity for 2025:
(Loss)/profit for the year                                           –                 –                –                 –                –    (318,629)   (318,629)          427    (318,202)
Other comprehensive income                       27(d)               –                 –                –                 –            7,679           –       7,679           257       7,936
Total comprehensive income                                           –                 –                –                –             7,679    (318,629)   (310,950)          684    (310,266)
Capital injection by non-controlling interests                       –                 –                –            1,501                 –           –       1,501        18,499      20,000
Issuance of H shares by initial public
   offering, net of issuance costs             27(c)(i)        13,000                  –         164,377                  –                –           –    177,377              –    177,377
Issuance of H shares by placement,
   net of issuance costs                       27(c)(ii)       10,000                  –         208,387                  –                –           –    218,387              –    218,387
Shares vested under Restricted
   Share Scheme                                                      –           10,534                 –                –                 –           –     10,534              –     10,534
Equity settled share-based payment               26                  –                –                 –            8,674                 –           –      8,674              –      8,674
Balance at 31 December 2025                                   389,652            (1,066)       1,265,088            86,021           17,435     (969,326)   787,804         19,183    806,987




The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
164   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      for the year ended 31 December 2025




      (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                               Note            2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      Operating activities:
      Cash used in operations                                                  21(b)         (182,950)         (280,385)
      Interest received                                                         6(a)            8,332            10,547
      Income tax paid                                                                              (3)             (113)
      Net cash used in operating activities                                                  (174,621)         (269,951)
      Investing activities:
      Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment
        and intangible assets                                                                (358,117)          (80,893)
      Payments for purchase of land use rights                                                (11,333)          (37,386)
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     294               197
      Increase of pledged deposits and other deposits for property,
        plant and equipment                                                                   (34,136)                –
      Proceeds from disposal of other investment                                                    –               200
      Payment for investments in associates                                                      (600)          (18,155)
      Payment for equity investment measured at FVPL                            12             (1,500)                –
      Dividends received from an associate                                                        170                 –
      Dividends received from other investments                                 12                333               333
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (404,889)         (135,704)
      Financing activities:
      Net proceeds from issuance of H shares by initial public offering                       179,821                  –
      Net proceeds from issuance of H shares by placement                  27(c)(ii)          218,387                  –
      Proceeds from loans and borrowings                                    21(c)             525,355          275,913
      Repayment of loans and borrowings                                     21(c)            (157,512)          (77,033)
      Interest paid for interest-bearing borrowings                                           (17,087)            (9,226)
      Increase of pledged deposits and other deposits for loans and
         borrowings                                                                           (34,356)                –
      Payment of listing expenses                                                                (944)           (1,081)
      Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                           20,000                 –
      Capital element of lease rentals paid                                    21(c)           (2,706)           (5,062)
      Interest element of lease rentals paid                                   21(c)             (390)             (674)
      Net cash generated from financing activities                                           730,568           182,837
      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   151,058           (222,818)
      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                 199,254            422,072
      Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                  21           350,312           199,254


      The notes on pages 165 to 235 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         165




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




1       GENERAL INFORMATION

        Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) (博雷頓科技股份公司) was established as a limited liability company
        in Shanghai, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 28 November 2016. The Company was converted into
        a joint stock company with limited liability on 23 November 2022. The Company’s H shares were listed on the Main
        Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 7 May 2025.

        The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in research and development,
        manufacturing and sale of new energy engineering machinery in the PRC during the reporting periods.

2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

        (a)     Statement of compliance
                These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards,
                which collective term includes all applicable individual International Accounting Standards (“IASs”), and
                Interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
                requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the
                applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                The IASB has issued certain new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available
                for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any
                changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they
                are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.

        (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements
                The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Group and the
                Group’s interest in associates.

                The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
                that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set
                out below:

                –       Other investments in equity securities (see Note 2(f));
166   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
                      The Directors are of the opinion that, taking into account of the available banking facilities and internal
                      financial resources of the Group, the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for
                      the foreseeable future. Mr. Chen Fangming, the controlling shareholder, also has committed to provide the
                      necessary financial support, as and when needed, to support the Group’s continuing operation for a period
                      of at least twelve months from 31 December 2025. Hence, the consolidated financial statements have been
                      prepared on a going concern basis.

              (c)     Changes in accounting policies
                      The Group has applied amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack
                      of exchangeability issued by the IASB to these financial statements for the current accounting period. The
                      amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not entered into
                      any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another currency.

              (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                      Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or
                      has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
                      through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
                      financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

                      Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency
                      transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting
                      from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that
                      there is no evidence of impairment.

                      For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
                      either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI
                      are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
                      attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
                      the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                      other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income
                      for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and
                      other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated
                      statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 2(o) or (p) depending on the nature of the liability.

                      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
                      equity transactions.

                      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
                      any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
                      Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

                      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                      impairment losses (see Note 2(j)(iii)).
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        167




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (e)     Associates
                An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
                control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

                An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
                method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held
                for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess
                of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the
                cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly
                attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct investment into the associate that forms
                part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change
                in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see
                Note 2(j)(iii)). At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any objective evidence that the
                investment is impaired. Any acquisition-date consideration excess over cost, the Group’s share of the
                post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the period are recognised in
                the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, whereas the Group’s share
                of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the
                consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to
                nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
                constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest
                is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with any other long-term interests
                that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate (after applying the ECL model to
                such other long-term interests where applicable (see Note 2(j)(i)).

                Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
                investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
                way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

                In the Company’s statements of financial position, investments in associates are accounted for using the
                equity method.

        (f)     Other investments in equity securities
                The Group’s policies for investments in equity securities, other than investments in subsidiaries and
                associates, are set out below:

                Investments in equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/
                sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value, plus directly attributable transaction
                costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) for which transaction
                costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value
                of financial instruments, see Note 28(e). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows,
                depending on their classification.
168   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (f)     Other investments in equity securities (Continued)
                      An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
                      purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate
                      the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in
                      other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may
                      only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an
                      election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve
                      (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the
                      fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss.
                      Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are
                      recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(t)(v).

              (g)     Property, plant and equipment
                      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                      Note 2(j)(iii)).

                      Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
                      pending installation, and is initially recognised at cost. Cost comprises cost of materials, direct labour, the
                      initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on
                      which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing costs (see
                      Note 2(v)). The construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is
                      substantially ready for its intended use.

                      Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. Any
                      related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not reclassified
                      to profit or loss.

                      Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
                      residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is generally
                      recognized in profit or loss, as follows:

                      Buildings                                                                                               20 years
                      Machinery and equipment                                                                             3 – 10 years
                      Office and other equipment                                                                           3 – 5 years
                      Lease Vehicles                                                                                           5 years
                      Leasehold improvement                                                                                2 – 6 years

                      Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
                      allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Depreciation
                      methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.
                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         169




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (h)     Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
                Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially
                feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure
                capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads and
                borrowing costs, where applicable (see Note 2(v)). Capitalised development costs are stated at cost less
                accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see Note 2(j)(iii)). Other development expenditure is
                recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
                (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see Note 2(j)(iii)). Expenditure on internally
                generated goodwill and brands is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised
                from the date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

                Software                                                                                                5 years

                Amortisation methods, and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.

        (i)     Leased assets
                At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
                contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
                in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use
                of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                (i)     As a lessee
                        Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected
                        not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated
                        non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                        At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                        except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value
                        assets which, for the Group are primarily leased apartment for employees. When the Group enters
                        into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a
                        lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are
                        recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.
170   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (i)     Leased assets (Continued)
                      (i)  As a lessee (Continued)
                              Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                              lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease
                              or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial
                              recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using
                              the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are
                              not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the
                              accounting period in which they are incurred.

                              The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                              comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                              commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the
                              right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
                              or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present
                              value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                              accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Notes 2(g) and 2(j)(iii)).

                              The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-of use
                              assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt securities carried
                              at amortised cost (see Note 2(j)(i)). Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value
                              of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of
                              right-of-use assets.

                              The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                              change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                              be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment
                              of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination
                              option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the
                              carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
                              right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                              The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the
                              consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”)
                              that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on
                              the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
                              modification.

                              In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                              is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                              months after the reporting period.
                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         171




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (i)     Leased assets (Continued)
                (ii) As a lessor
                        When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance
                        lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
                        risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the
                        case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                        When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                        the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                        operating leases is recognised in accordance with Note 2(t)(ii).

                        When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
                        operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease
                        is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in Note 2(i)(i), then the
                        Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

        (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets
                (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                        The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on the following items:

                        –       financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, bank
                                deposits and trade receivables and other receivables, including loans to other investments
                                in equity, which are held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely
                                payments of principal and interest);

                        –       contract assets as defined in IFRS 15 (Note 2(l)); and

                        –       lease receivables.

                        Other financial assets measured at fair value, including equity securities designated at FVOCI
                        (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL assessment.

                        Measurement of ECLs
                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                        value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.
172   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                      (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                            (Continued)
                            Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
                              The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect of discounting is
                              material:

                              –       fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                                      rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                              –       variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                              –       lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable.

                              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                              which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                              ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                              –       12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                                      within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                                      instrument is less than 12 months); and

                              –       lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                                      lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                              The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                              which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

                              –       financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

                              –       other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the
                                      expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

                              Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
                              to lifetime ECLs.

                              For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                              unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                              recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       173




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                      (Continued)
                      Significant increases in credit risk
                        When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                        initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                        information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative
                        and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed
                        credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.

                        In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                        increased significantly since initial recognition:

                        –       failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                        –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                                credit rating (if available);

                        –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                        –       existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                                have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                        Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                        credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
                        performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
                        characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                        ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                        since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                        in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with
                        a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for
                        investments in debt securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss allowance is
                        recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling).

                        Credit-impaired financial assets
                        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                        asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                        future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
174   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                      (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                            (Continued)
                            Credit-impaired financial assets (Continued)
                              Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                              –       Significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                              –       A breach of contract, such as a default or past due;

                              –       It is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

                              –       Significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                                      adverse effect on the debtor; or

                              –       Disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

                              Write-off policy
                              The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, contract asset or lease receivable is written off (either
                              partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the
                              case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that
                              could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                              Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                              impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

                      (ii)    Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
                              Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified
                              payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs
                              because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
                              instrument.

                              Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised. The amount initially recognised as deferred
                              income is subsequently amortised in profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income.

                              The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and remeasures the
                              above liability at a higher amount when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher
                              than the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       175




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                (ii)  Credit losses from financial guarantees issued (Continued)
                        A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will default has increased
                        significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. The same
                        definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk as described in
                        Note 2(j)(i) apply.

                        As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in
                        accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the
                        expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the
                        Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party.
                        The amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash
                        flows.

                (iii)   Impairment of other non-current assets
                        At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other
                        than property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and other contract costs,
                        contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
                        If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested
                        annually for impairment.

                        For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                        cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                        cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs
                        or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                        The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
                        costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their
                        present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
                        of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                        An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                        amount.

                        Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                        amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
                        assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                        An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                        reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                        that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
                        recognised.
176   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (k)     Inventories and other contract costs
                      (i)   Inventories
                              Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
                              production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production
                              process or in the rendering of services.

                              Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                              Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
                              costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                              condition.

                              Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                              costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                              When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
                              the period in which the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories
                              to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the
                              write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised
                              as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the
                              reversal occurs.

                              A right to recover returned goods is recognised for the right to recover products from customers sold
                              with a right of return. It is measured in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(t)(i).

                      (ii)    Other contract costs
                              Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the
                              costs to fulfill a contract with a customer which are not capitalized as inventories (see Note 2(t)(i)).

                              Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
                              with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained e.g. an
                              incremental sales commission. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are capitalized when
                              incurred if the costs relate to revenue which will be recognized in a future reporting period and
                              the costs are expected to be recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when
                              incurred.
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        177




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (k)     Inventories and other contract costs (Continued)
                (ii)  Other contract costs (Continued)
                        Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalized if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a
                        specially identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide
                        goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to
                        an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour,
                        direct materials, allocation of costs, costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other
                        costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract (for example, payments to
                        sub-contractors). Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalized as inventory, property,
                        plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

                        Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
                        Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the
                        asset relates is recognised. The accounting policy for revenue recognition is set out in Note 2(t).

        (l)     Contract assets and contract liabilities
                A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 2(t)) before being
                unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
                assets are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(j)(i) and
                are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration becomes unconditional (see Note 2(m)).

                A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
                recognises the related revenue (see Note 2(t)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has an
                unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
                In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see Note 2(m)).

                When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
                accrued under the effective interest method (see Note 2(t)(iv)).

        (m)     Trade and other receivables
                A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, and only the
                passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
                transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
                initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.

                All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method and including
                an allowance for credit losses (see Note 2(j)(i)).
178   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (n)     Cash and cash equivalents
                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                      financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                      amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
                      months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
                      of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
                      purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected
                      credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(j)(i).

              (o)     Trade and other payables
                      Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                      other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                      case they are stated at invoice amounts.

                      Refund liabilities arising from rights of returns and volume rebates are recognised in accordance with the
                      policy set out in Note 2(t)(i).

              (p)     Interest-bearing borrowings
                      Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these
                      borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised
                      in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see Note 2(v)).

              (q)     Employee benefits
                      (i)  Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement
                           plans
                              Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
                              for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
                              this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
                              reliably. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the
                              related service is provided.

                      (ii)    Share-based payments
                              The fair value of equity settled share-based payment awards granted to employees is recognised
                              as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair
                              value is measured at grant date using the valuation techniques, taking into account the terms and
                              conditions upon which the equity settled share-based payment awards were granted. Where the
                              employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the equity
                              settled share-based payment awards, the total estimated fair value of the equity settled share-based
                              payment awards is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the equity
                              settled share-based payment awards will vest.
                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      179




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (q)     Employee benefits (Continued)
                (ii) Share-based payments (Continued)
                        During the vesting period, the number of equity settled share-based payment award that is expected
                        to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is
                        charged/credited to the profit or loss for the year/period of the review, unless the original employee
                        expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve.
                        On vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of
                        options that vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is
                        only due to not achieving vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares.

                (iii)   Termination benefits
                        Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer
                        of those benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring.

        (r)     Income tax
                Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
                extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

                Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
                and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current
                tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects
                any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
                the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

                Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

                Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                recognised for:

                –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                        business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                        rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

                –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent
                        that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                        probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

                –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and
180   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (r)     Income tax (Continued)
                      –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to
                              implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                              Development.

                      The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
                      liabilities and right-of-use assets.

                      Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
                      differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
                      can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
                      differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
                      in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
                      based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
                      each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
                      will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

              (s)     Provisions and contingent liabilities
                      Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
                      reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

                      A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
                      historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

                      A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
                      terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
                      based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
                      costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
                      impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see Note 2(j)(iii)).

                      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                      estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                      economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
                      or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
                      probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                      Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                      party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                      amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        181




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (t)     Revenue and other income
                Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services
                or the use by others of the Group’s assets under lease in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

                The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis. In
                determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains control of
                the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s ability to direct the
                use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

                Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee
                has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to
                be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other
                sales taxes.

                Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                (i)     Sale of goods
                        The Group typically offers customers of new energy engineering machinery, encompassing new
                        energy tractor trucks, new energy loaders and new energy wide-body dump trucks. Revenue is
                        recognised when products are delivered at the customers’ premises which is taken to be the point
                        in time when the customer has accepted and taken possession of the goods at the amount of
                        promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled. Revenue excludes value
                        added tax and is after deduction of any trade rebates.

                        Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit
                        to the customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount
                        receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
                        transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest
                        method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of IFRS 15 and
                        does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of
                        financing is 12 months or less.
182   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (t)     Revenue and other income (Continued)
                      (i)  Sale of goods (Continued)
                              The Group typically offers customers of new energy engineering machinery that are not
                              made-to-order rights of return for those products with significant quality issues. Such rights of return
                              give rise to variable consideration. The Group uses an expected value approach to estimate variable
                              consideration based on the Group’s current and future performance expectations and all information
                              that is reasonably available. This estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent
                              it is highly probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when
                              the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. At the time of sale of new
                              energy engineering machinery, the Group recognises revenue after taking into account adjustment
                              to transaction price arising from returns as mentioned above. A refund liability is recognised for the
                              expected returns and rebates, and is included in trade and other payables (see Note 23). A right to
                              recover returned goods (included in inventories, see Note 18) and corresponding adjustment to cost
                              of sales are also recognised for the right to recover products from customers. This right to recover
                              returned goods is measured at the former carrying amount of the inventory less any expected costs
                              to recover goods (including potential decreases in the value of the returned goods).

                      (ii)    Rental income from operating lease
                              Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
                              term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total rental
                              income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
                              are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

                      (iii)   Rendering of services
                              The Group recognises revenue from rendering of services including maintenance service, trial-drive
                              services etc. over the period of the service.

                      (iv)    Interest income
                              Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method using the rate that
                              exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to
                              the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured at amortised cost
                              or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross
                              carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied
                              to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see Note 2(j)(i)).

                      (v)     Dividends
                              Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to receive
                              payment is established.
                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        183




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (t)     Revenue and other income (Continued)
                (vi) Government grants
                        Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there is
                        reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions
                        attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as
                        income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are
                        incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised initially as
                        deferred revenue and amortised as income in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful
                        life of the related asset.

        (u)     Translation of foreign currencies
                Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group companies
                at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
                at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
                in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
                was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
                currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
                generally recognised in profit or loss.

        (v)     Borrowing costs
                Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
                of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditures
                for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to
                prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended
                or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use
                or sale are interrupted or complete.

        (w)     Related parties
                (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that
                      person:

                        (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.
184   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
              (w)     Related parties (Continued)
                      (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                              (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                                       subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                              (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                                       of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                              (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                              (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                       party.

                              (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                                       or an entity related to the Group.

                              (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                              (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                       management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                              (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                       personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                      Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
                      be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

              (x)     Research and development costs
                      Research and development costs comprise all costs that are directly attributable to research and
                      development activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. Because of the
                      nature of the Group’s research and development activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs
                      as an asset are generally not met until late in the development stage of the project when the remaining
                      development costs are immaterial. Hence both research costs and development costs are generally
                      recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.

              (y)     Segment reporting
                      Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
                      identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
                      for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
                      business and geographical locations.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       185




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
        (y)     Segment reporting (Continued)
                Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
                which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

3       ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

        Note 28 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to fair value of financial
        investments. Other significant sources of estimation uncertainty in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
        policies are as follows:

        (i)     Depreciation and amortisation
                Right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, are depreciated or amortised on
                a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group reviews the estimated useful
                lives of the assets regularly in order to determine the amount of depreciation and amortisation expenses to
                be recorded during any reporting period. The useful lives are based on the Group’s historical experience
                with similar assets. The depreciation and amortisation expenses for future periods are adjusted if there are
                material changes from previous estimates.

        (ii)    Impairment of trade and other receivables
                The Group’s management determines the loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade and other
                receivables based on an assessment of the present value of all expected cash shortfalls. These estimates
                are based on the information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
                conditions. The Group’s management reassesses the loss allowance at each reporting period end.

        (iii)   Net realisable value of inventories
                Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                estimated distribution expenses and related taxes. These estimates are based on the current market
                condition and historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change significantly as a
                result of competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Any change in the assumptions
                would increase or decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related reversals of write-downs
                and affect the Group’s profit or loss and net asset value.

        (iv)    Warranty provisions
                As explained in Note 25, the Group makes provisions under the warranties it gives on sale of its vehicles
                taking into account the Group’s recent claim experience. As the Group is continually upgrading its product
                designs and launching new models, it is possible that the recent claim experience is not indicative of future
                claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or decrease in the provision would affect
                profit or loss in future years.
186   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      4       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
              (a)     Revenue
                      (i)  Disaggregation of revenue
                              Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as
                              follows:

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


                              Revenue from contracts with customers within the
                               scope of IFRS 15
                              Disaggregated by major products or service lines
                              Battery-electric vehicles
                              – Battery-electric tractor trucks                                   1,073               7,035
                              – Battery-electric loaders                                         96,656             224,197
                              – Battery-electric wide-body dump trucks                          646,087             364,588
                              Spare parts and accessories                                        24,448              25,688
                              Sales of products                                                 768,264             621,508
                              Rendering of services                                               2,207               3,187
                                                                                                770,471             624,695
                              Revenue from other sources
                              Rental income                                                       9,012              10,762
                                                                                                779,483             635,457
                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          187




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




4       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
        (a)     Revenue (Continued)
                (i)  Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition is as
                        follows:

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000


                        Disaggregation by timing of revenue recognition
                        – Point in time                                                            768,264                 621,508
                        – Over time                                                                 11,219                  13,949
                                                                                                   779,483                 635,457


                        During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s customers with whom transactions
                        have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue are as follows. Details of concentrations of credit risk
                        arising from this customer are set out in Note 28(a).

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000


                        Customer A                                                                      N/A                 86,936
                        Customer B                                                                      N/A                 70,899
                                                                                                        N/A                157,835


                        Note:   N/A represents transactions did not exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December
                                2025.


        (b)     Segment reporting
                (i) Segment information
                        IFRS 8, Operating Segments , requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information
                        based on internal financial reports that are regularly reviewed by the Company’s chief operating
                        decision maker for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment. The Group
                        manages its businesses as a whole by the most senior executive management for the purposes of
                        resource allocation and performance assessment. The Group’s chief operating decision maker is
                        the chief executive officer of the Group who reviews the Group’s consolidated results of operations
                        in assessing performance of and making decisions about allocations to this segment. On this basis,
                        the Company has determined that it only has one operating segment during the year ended 31
                        December 2025 and 2024.
188   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      4       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
              (b)     Segment reporting (Continued)
                      (ii) Geographic information
                              The following tables set out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue
                              from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets
                              (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical information of the Group’s revenue from external
                              customers is based on the location at which new energy engineering machinery are delivered. The
                              geographical location of specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset.

                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


                              Revenue from external customers
                              – The PRC                                                            774,237               635,457
                              – Overseas                                                             5,246                     –
                                                                                                   779,483               635,457


                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


                              Specified non-current assets
                              – The PRC                                                            336,440               271,862
                              – Overseas                                                           288,413                     –
                                                                                                   624,853               271,862
                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT          BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             189




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




5       OTHER NET GAIN
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


        Government grants (Note)                                                                              7,497                    8,252
        Unrealised gain on listed equity investment (Note 12)                                                 1,936                        –
        Net loss on foreign exchange                                                                         (3,091)                       –
        Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  (114)                  (1,130)
        Dividends received from unlisted equity investment                                                      333                      333
        Gain on loss of significant influence of associates                                                       –                  16,277
        Others                                                                                                 (611)                     885
                                                                                                             5,950                   24,617


        Note:   Government grants are not assets related and primarily represent reward and subsidies provided to the Group for its contribution
                to the local economic growth.


6       LOSS BEFORE TAXATION

        Loss before taxation is arrived at after crediting/charging:

        (a)     Finance income/costs:

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


                Finance income
                Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                                 838                     3,011
                Interest income on sales under instalment payments                                           7,494                     7,536
                                                                                                             8,332                   10,547
                Finance costs
                Interest expenses on loans and borrowings                                                   13,366                     9,336
                Interest expenses on obligations arising from leaseback
                   transactions                                                                              5,040                        95
                Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                         390                       674
                Less: interest expense capitalised into property, plant and
                   equipment                                                                                       –                     (918)
                                                                                                            18,796                     9,187
190   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      6       LOSS BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)
              (b)     Staff costs:

                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000


                      Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                       105,553                    98,754
                      Discretionary bonuses                                                                      5,324                     7,816
                      Contributions to retirement schemes (Note)                                                10,743                    11,175
                      Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                                8,674                    33,478
                                                                                                               130,294                  151,223


                      Note:   Employees of the Group are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme administered and
                              operated by the local municipal government. The Group contributes funds which are calculated on certain percentages of
                              the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits
                              of the employees.


                              The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual contributions
                              described above.
                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             191




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




6       LOSS BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)
        (c)     Other items:

                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


                Depreciation and amortisation
                – Owned property, plant and equipment                                                        13,116                    11,941
                – Right-of-use assets                                                                         5,165                     6,198
                – Intangible assets                                                                             876                       800
                Impairment losses recognised/(reversed)
                – Trade and other receivables                                                               120,023                    80,496
                – Contract assets                                                                               176                        36
                – Financial guarantee issued                                                                    (80)                    2,565
                Product warranty costs                                                                       23,430                    18,609
                Research and development expenses (i)                                                        69,706                    81,707
                Auditors’ remuneration (ii)                                                                   5,314                     3,477
                Listing expenses                                                                             10,893                    23,463
                Cost of sales (iii)                                                                         693,309                   598,618
                Write-down of inventories                                                                    14,097                    17,432


                (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, research and development costs included staff costs of RMB39,123,000
                        (2024: RMB45,760,000) and depreciation and amortisation expenses of RMB569,000 (2024: RMB567,000), which
                        are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of
                        expenses.


                (ii)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised auditors’ remuneration in respect of initial public
                        offering of RMB1,514,000 (2024: RMB3,477,000), which are also included in the listing expenses disclosed separately
                        above.


                (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, cost of sales included staff costs of RMB8,584,000 (2024: RMB9,087,000),
                        depreciation and amortisation expenses of RMB12,080,000 (2024: RMB11,367,000) and write-down of inventories,
                        which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b) for each of these types
                        of expenses.
192   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      7       INCOME TAX
              (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


                      Provision for income tax for the year                                                         38,045                          90


              (b)     Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting loss at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


                      Loss before taxation                                                                        (280,157)                 (274,457)
                      Notional tax on loss before taxation, calculated at the rates
                        applicable to profit in the tax jurisdictions concerned (Note (i))                         (69,293)                   (68,171)
                      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                            544                        430
                      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                   –                         (83)
                      Tax losses and temporary differences not recognised,
                        net of utilisation                                                                         105,927                    67,006
                      Tax effect in respect of share of results of associates                                          867                       908
                      Actual income tax expense                                                                     38,045                          90


                      Notes:

                      (i)      Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”), the Company and its subsidiaries in the PRC are liable to EIT at a rate
                               of 25%, unless otherwise specified.

                      (ii)     Certain subsidiaries in the PRC were entitled to a preferential PRC EIT rate of 5% as it was accredited as small and micro
                               business.

                      (iii)    According to the EIT Law and its relevant regulations, entities that qualified as a High and New Technology Enterprises
                               are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The Company obtained the High and New Technology Enterprises
                               status in 2019 and had this status renewed in 2025.
                                                                            2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   193




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




7       INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
        (c)     Deferred tax assets not recognised
                In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(r), the Group has not recognised deferred
                tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB563,679,000 (2024: RMB522,478,000) and other
                deductible temporary differences of RMB628,835,000 (2024: RMB257,987,000) as at 31 December
                2025, as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses and the deductible
                temporary difference can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. Tax losses of
                RMB57,268,000, RMB103,056,000, RMB147,420,000, RMB181,772,000 and RMB74,163,000, if unused,
                will expire in 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030, respectively.

8       DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

        Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section in 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2
        of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulations are as follows:

        Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                Salaries                                         Equity
                                                             allowance                     Contributions        settled
                                              Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary   to retirement   share-based
                                                   fees          in kind        bonuses          scheme       payment       Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


        Executive Directors:
         Mr. Chen Fangming (陳方明)                       –            962              51              71              –      1,084
         Mr. Qiu Debo (邱德波)                            –            852              96               –          1,558      2,506
         Mr. Sun Kanghua (孫康華)                         –            568              94              71             39        772
         Ms. Yang Hui (楊慧)                             –            717              84              71          1,169      2,041
        Non-Executive Directors:
          Mr. Cao Haiyi (曹海毅)                          –              –               –               –              –          –
          Mr. Wang Zhenkun (王振坤)                       –              –               –               –              –          –
        Independent Non-executive
          Directors:
          Mr. Jiang Bailing (江百靈)                    100              –               –               –              –        100
          Mr. Zhou Yuan (周元)                         100              –               –               –              –        100
          Mr. Li Xiaofu (李曉郛)                        100              –               –               –              –        100
          Mr. YIM Chi Hung Henry (嚴志雄)               275              –               –               –              –        275
        Supervisors:
          Mr. Liu Yudong (劉昱東)                         –              –               –               –              –          –
          Ms. Wang Yanzhen (王艷湞)                       –            455              54              71             39        619
          Ms. Sun Wenxu (孫文旭)                          –            366              22              45             12        445
                                                     575          3,920             401             329          2,817      8,042
194   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      8       DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                            Salaries                                            Equity
                                                                         allowance                        Contributions         settled
                                                        Directors’     and benefits    Discretionary      to retirement   share-based
                                                              fees           in kind       bonuses             scheme         payment        Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


              Executive Directors:
               Mr. Chen Fangming (陳方明)                          –              927              188                 71              –        1,186
               Mr. Qiu Debo (邱德波)                               –              853              188                  –          9,640       10,681
               Mr. Sun Kanghua (孫康華)                            –              547              157                 71            266        1,041
               Ms. Yang Hui (楊慧)                                –              923               94                 71          7,230        8,318
              Non-Executive Directors:
                Mr. Yin Junping (尹軍平) (i)                       –                 –               –                  –               –           –
                Mr. Cao Haiyi (曹海毅)                             –                 –               –                  –               –           –
                Mr. Wang Zhenkun (王振坤)                          –                 –               –                  –               –           –
              Independent Non-executive
                Directors:
                Mr. Jiang Bailing (江百靈)                      100                  –               –                  –               –        100
                Mr. Zhou Yuan (周元)                           100                  –               –                  –               –        100
                Mr. Li Xiaofu (李曉郛)                          100                  –               –                  –               –        100
                Mr. YIM Chi Hung Henry (嚴志雄)                 207                  –               –                  –               –        207
              Supervisors:
                    Mr. Liu Yudong (劉昱東)                        –                –                –                  –              –           –
                    Ms. Wang Yanzhen (王艷湞)                      –              470               84                 70            241         865
                    Ms. Sun Wenxu (孫文旭)                         –              339               35                 38             76         488
                                                             507             4,059              746                321         17,453       23,086


              (i)        Mr. Yin Junping (尹軍平) ceased to act as a non-executive director in April 2024.


              During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no amounts paid or payable by the Group to the
              directors or any of the highest paid individuals set out in Note 9 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the
              Group or as a compensation for loss of office. There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed
              to waive any remuneration during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     195




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




9       INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

        Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2024: two) are directors and supervisors whose
        emoluments are disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining three (2024:
        three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             3,330                2,215
        Discretionary bonuses                                                                   128                  320
        Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                             172                  149
        Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                           2,811                5,786
                                                                                              6,441                8,470


        The emoluments of the three (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                  2024


        HKD
        1,500,001 – 2,000,000                                                                     1                     –
        2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                     1                     –
        2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                     –                     1
        3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                     1                     2
196   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      10      LOSS PER SHARE
              (a)     Basic loss per share
                      The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
                      Company of RMB318,629,000 (2024: RMB274,547,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary
                      shares of 370,017,000 shares (2024: 351,709,000 shares) in issue during the year, calculated as follows:

                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                       ’000                  ’000


                      Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                           351,709               351,709
                      Effect of issuance of shares through initial public offering
                         (Note 27(c))                                                                 8,477                      –
                      Effect of issuance of shares by placement (Note 27(c))                          1,014                      –
                      Effect of shares vested under the Restricted Share Scheme
                         (Note 26)                                                                    8,817                      –
                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue at
                       the end of the year                                                          370,017               351,709


              (b)     Diluted loss per share
                      Restricted shares granted under the Group’s Restricted Share Scheme (Note 26) is not included in the
                      calculation of diluted loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted
                      loss per share is the same as basic loss per share.
                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          197




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




11      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                  Machinery         Office
                                                                        and      and other      Lease    Leasehold Construction
                                                     Buildings    equipment     equipment     vehicles improvement in progress         Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


        Cost:
        At 1 January 2024                                   –         9,642          2,700     25,966         8,269       63,667    110,244
        Additions                                         149           179            850     12,587         1,338       68,307     83,410
        Transfer from construction in progress         64,615        12,018              –           –        1,592      (78,225)          –
        Disposals                                           –          (371)          (240)     (3,199)      (1,695)           –      (5,505)
        At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025         64,764        21,468          3,310      35,354       9,504       53,749     188,149
        Additions                                           –         6,231          1,613      35,080           –      332,489     375,413
        Disposals                                           –          (471)          (213)    (29,381)       (335)           –     (30,400)
        At 31 December 2025                            64,764        27,228          4,710     41,053        9,169      386,238     533,162
        Accumulated depreciation:
        At 1 January 2024                                    –        (1,954)       (1,415)     (3,719)      (5,857)           –     (12,945)
        Charge for the year                             (1,585)       (2,413)         (723)     (5,957)      (1,263)           –     (11,941)
        Written back on disposals                            –           124           108       1,060          748            –       2,040
        At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025          (1,585)       (4,243)       (2,030)    (8,616)      (6,372)            –     (22,846)
        Charge for the year                             (3,330)       (2,885)         (621)    (4,504)      (1,776)            –     (13,116)
        Written back on disposals                            –            78           198     10,053          335             –      10,664
        At 31 December 2025                             (4,915)       (7,050)       (2,453)     (3,067)     (7,813)            –     (25,298)
        Net book value:
        At 31 December 2025                            59,849        20,178          2,257     37,986        1,356      386,238     507,864
        At 31 December 2024                            63,179        17,225          1,280     26,738        3,132       53,749     165,303


        Property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB59,849,000 are pledged as security for bank loans (Note
        22(c)(i)) as at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
198   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      12      OTHER INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                       Note                    2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


              Financial assets measured at FVOCI
              Unlisted equity investments                                                (i)                   52,316                   41,735
              Financial assets measured at FVPL
              Listed equity investment                                                   (ii)                   3,436                         –
                                                                                                               55,752                   41,735


              (i)     As at 31 December 2025, the equity securities comprise unlisted equity securities with aggregate fair value of RMB52,316,000
                      (2024: RMB41,735,000). The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as these investments are held for
                      strategic purposes. Dividends of RMB333,000 were received from these investments during the year ended 31 December 2025
                      (2024: RMB333,000).

              (ii)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group entered into an investment in a listed company with initial investment
                      amount of RMB1,500,000 and recognised a fair value change of RMB1,936,000 (Note 5) in other net gain in the consolidated
                      statement of profit or loss.


              The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 28(e).
                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              199




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




13      RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                           Properties and
                                                                               land leased                   Land use
                                                                              for own use                       rights                     Total
                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000                     RMB’000


        Cost:
        At 1 January 2024                                                              30,497                    65,439                     95,936
        Additions                                                                           –                    37,386                     37,386
        Lease termination                                                             (15,393)                        –                    (15,393)
        At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                        15,104                    102,825                   117,929
        Additions                                                                     15,595                          –                    15,595
        At 31 December 2025                                                           30,699                    102,825                   133,524
        Accumulated depreciation:
        At 1 January 2024                                                              (9,239)                      (601)                    (9,840)
        Charge for the year                                                            (4,515)                    (1,683)                    (6,198)
        Lease termination                                                               4,668                          –                      4,668
        At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                         (9,086)                    (2,284)                  (11,370)
        Charge for the year                                                            (3,109)                    (2,056)                   (5,165)
        At 31 December 2025                                                           (12,195)                    (4,340)                  (16,535)
        Net book value:
        At 31 December 2025                                                           18,504                     98,485                   116,989

        At 31 December 2024                                                             6,018                   100,541                   106,559


        Notes:

        (i)      Land use right premiums were paid by the Group for land situated in the PRC. Lump sum payments were made upfront to
                 acquire these land-use-rights, and there are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land lease.

                 Land use rights with net book value of RMB62,220,000 are pledged as security for bank loans (Note 22(c)(i)) as at 31 December
                 2025 (2024: RMB24,791,000).

        (ii)     The Group has obtained the right to use the properties as its warehouse, offices and land through tenancy agreements. The
                 leases typically run for an initial period of 2 – 15 years. None of the leases includes an option to purchase the leased assets at the
                 end of the lease term.
200   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      13      RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
              The analysis of expense items in relation to lease recognised in the Group’s profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


              Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
              Properties and land leased for own use                                                    3,109                 4,515
              Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a))                                                   390                   674
              Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                      374                 1,351


      14      INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                           Software
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


              Cost:
              At 1 January 2024                                                                                               2,816
              Additions                                                                                                       1,718
              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                          4,534
              Additions                                                                                                         247
              At 31 December 2025                                                                                             4,781
              Accumulated depreciation:
              At 1 January 2024                                                                                                (773)
              Charge for the year                                                                                              (800)
              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                         (1,573)
              Charge for the year                                                                                              (876)
              At 31 December 2025                                                                                            (2,449)
              Net book value:
              At 31 December 2025                                                                                             2,332

              At 31 December 2024                                                                                             2,961
                                                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT                 BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   201




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




15      INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES

        As of 31 December 2025, the Company has direct and indirect interests in the following principal subsidiaries, all of
        which are private companies. The particulars of these subsidiaries are set out below:

                                                                                                                             Proportion of ownership interest
                                                               Place of
                                                               incorporation/       Date of                                       Directly        Indirectly
                                                               establishment and incorporation/                    Issued      held by the       held by the
        Name of company                                        kind of legal entity establishment      and paid-in capital      Company           Company Principal activities


        Zhejiang Breton Technology Co., Ltd.                   The PRC, limited      12 April 2019        RMB100 million/            100%                 – Manufacturing, research
          ((浙江博雷頓科技有限公司), formerly known as                      liability company                         RMB60 million                                     and sales of new energy
          Zhejiang Boju Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 vehicles
          “浙江博矩科技有限公司”) *

        Breton (Shandong) New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd.         The PRC, limited      25 May 2020          RMB330 million/            100%                 – Manufacturing, research
          (博雷頓(山東)新能源汽車有限公司) *                                   liability company                         RMB145 million                                    and sales of new energy
                                                                                                                                                             loaders

        Breton (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd.                    The PRC, limited      12 October 2022      RMB300 million/            100%                 – Manufacturing, research
          (博雷頓(湖南)科技有限公司) *                                      liability company                         RMB300 million                                    and sales of new energy
                                                                                                                                                             wide-body dump trucks

        Breton (Lanxi) New Energy Engineering                  The PRC, limited      28 January 2023      RMB200 million/            100%                 – Manufacturing, research
          Machinery Co., Ltd. (博雷頓(蘭溪)新能源工程                      liability company                         RMB200 million                                    and sales of new energy
          機械有限公司) */**                                                                                                                                       loaders

        Breton (Wuhan) Technology Co., Ltd.                    The PRC, limited      01 March 2023        RMB300 million/            100%                 – Research and sales of new
          (博雷頓(武漢)科技有限公司) *                                      liability company                         RMB300 million                                     energy loaders

        Breton Intelligent Electric (Shanghai) Technology Co., The PRC, limited      02 July 2019          RMB60 million/             67%                 – Research and development
          Ltd. ((博雷頓智電(上海)科技有限公司), formerly                      liability company                          RMB40 million                                     of automotive
          known as Baipin (Shanghai) Intelligent Technology                                                                                                   technology, new energy
          Co., Ltd. (佰頻(上海)智能科技有限公司) *                                                                                                                        technology, automation
                                                                                                                                                              technology and
                                                                                                                                                              photovoltaic equipment
202   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      15      INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                 Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/       Date of                                        Directly        Indirectly
                                                                  establishment and incorporation/                     Issued      held by the       held by the
              Name of company                                     kind of legal entity establishment       and paid-in capital      Company           Company Principal activities


              Breton (Shanghai) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. The PRC, limited       25 June 2019           RMB50 million/            100%                 – Research and development
                ((博雷頓(上海)智能科技有限公司), formerly                       liability company                            RMB7 million                                      of automotive
                known as Linju (Shanghai) Power Technology Co.,                                                                                                   technology, new
                Ltd. 臨矩(上海)動力科技有限公司) *                                                                                                                            energy technology and
                                                                                                                                                                  automation technology

              Breton (Wuhan) New Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.       The PRC, limited      01 March 2023         RMB100 million/                –            100% Manufacturing, research
                (博雷頓(武漢)新能源裝備有限公司) *                                liability company                          RMB60 million                                    and sales of new energy
                                                                                                                                                                tractor trucks

              Breton (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.               The PRC, limited      25 November 2024       RMB90 million/            100%                 – Sales of new energy
                (博雷頓(北京)科技有限公司) *                                   liability company                           RMB90 million                                     engineering machinery

              Breton (Shanghai) Energy saving Technology          The PRC, limited      03 June 2025           RMB12 million/            100%                 – Sales of new energy
                Co., Ltd. (博雷頓(上海)節能技術有限公司) *                       liability company                           RMB12 million                                     engineering machinery

              Breton (Hong Kong) Technology Limited               Hongkong, limited     04 November 2024         HKD100,000/                 –            100% Investment holding and
                                                                    company                                      HKD100,000                                      sales of new energy
                                                                                                                                                                 engineering machinery

              Breton HK Holding Limited                           Hongkong, limited     02 January 2025          HKD100,000/                 –            100% Investment holding and
                                                                    company                                      HKD100,000                                      sales of new energy
                                                                                                                                                                 engineering machinery

              Breton Energy Technology Zambia Limited             Republic of Zambia, 28 January 2025          Kwacha20,000/                 –            100% Sales of new energy
                                                                    limited company                             Kwacha20,000                                     engineering machinery
                                                                                                                                                                 and provision of energy
                                                                                                                                                                 related service

              VOIE LACTEE ENERGIE S.A.S                           Democratic Republic 06 February 2025        USD5,000/USD0                  –            100% Sales of new energy
                                                                    of the Congo,                                                                                engineering machinery
                                                                    limited company                                                                              and provision of energy
                                                                                                                                                                 related service

              *           The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT    BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      203




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




16      INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

        Associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements. Information of the
        associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


        Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
          consolidated financial statements                                                 24,450              28,482
        Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’ profit or
          loss and total comprehensive income                                               (5,456)              (3,485)


        Except for financial guarantee issued as disclosed in Note 29, there are no other contingent liabilities or
        commitments relating to the Group’s investments in associates.

17      OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


        Financial assets measured at amortised cost
        – Trade receivables due from third parties                                          65,298              53,847
        – Trade receivables due from related parties                                        13,863                6,382
        Less: loss allowance on trade and receivables                                      (12,174)              (4,194)
        Trade receivables, net (Note 20)                                                    66,987              56,035
        Prepayment for property, plant and equipment                                       107,679               1,467
        Contract assets (Note 19(a))                                                         4,290               7,094
        Deposits                                                                            46,170               9,064
                                                                                           225,126              73,660
204   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      18      INVENTORIES
              (a)     Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Raw materials                                                  125,137            97,001
                      Finished goods                                                  51,883           161,583
                      Right to recover returned goods                                  2,172               439
                                                                                     179,192           259,023


              (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in
                      profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Carrying amount of inventories used                            679,212           581,186
                      Write-down of inventories                                       14,097            17,432
                                                                                     693,309           598,618
                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT    BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      205




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




19      CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
        (a)     Contract assets

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


                Contract assets
                Arising from performance under contracts with customers                          26,108               8,452
                Less: loss allowance on contract assets (Note 28(a))                               (212)                 (36)
                                                                                                 25,896                8,416
                Less: Contract assets due more than one year (Note 17)                           (4,290)              (7,094)
                                                                                                 21,606               1,322
                Receivables from contracts with customers within the
                  scope of IFRS 15, which are included in “Trade and
                  other receivables” (Note 20)                                                  450,708             446,328


                Contract assets represent the Group’s rights to consideration from customers for the sales of new energy
                engineering machinery, which arise when the customers withhold certain amounts payable to the Group as
                retention money to secure the due performance of the contracts for a period of generally 6 – 60 months
                (defect liability period) after delivery of new energy engineering machinery. Any amount previously recognised
                as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at the point at which it becomes unconditional.

        (b)     Contract liabilities

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


                Contract liabilities
                Receipts in advance from customers                                                4,288               3,655
                Movements in contract liabilities
                Balance at 1 January                                                              3,655              13,740
                Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
                  revenue during the year that was included in the
                  contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                              (2,955)            (13,065)
                Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance                3,588               2,980
                                                                                                  4,288               3,655


                The Group receives advance payment from certain customers for sales of new energy engineering machinery
                and sales of spare parts and accessories. Contract liabilities will be recognised as revenue when control of
                assets is transferred to the customer.
206   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      20      TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


              Trade receivables due from
              – third parties                                                                      559,618               382,989
              – related parties (Note 31(c))                                                       152,570               220,164
              Less: loss allowance on trade receivables (Note 28(a))                              (261,480)             (156,825)
                                                                                                   450,708               446,328
              Less: Trade receivables due more than one year                                       (66,987)               (56,035)
                                                                                                   383,721               390,293
              Bills receivable                                                                     103,482                56,572
              Other receivables due from third parties                                              10,218                  7,466
              Less: loss allowance on other receivables (Note 28(a))                                (6,000)                (5,425)
                                                                                                     4,218                 2,041
              Deposits                                                                              32,515                 5,414
              Prepayments for purchase of raw materials                                             68,230                69,909
              Prepaid expenses                                                                      10,178                 2,207
              Prepayments for listing expenses                                                           –                 1,823
              Value-add tax recoverable                                                             49,476                27,574
                                                                                                   651,820               555,833


              All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.

              (a)     Ageing analysis
                      As of the end of the reporting periods, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade
                      and other receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                      Within 1 year                                                                355,531               303,451
                      1-2 years                                                                     68,319               118,231
                      2-3 years                                                                     20,593                22,070
                      More than 3 years                                                              6,265                 2,576
                                                                                                   450,708               446,328
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       207




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




20      TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
        (b)     Endorsed bank acceptance bills
                (i)  Endorsed bank acceptance bills that are not derecognised in their entirety
                        As at 31 December 2025, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills with a carrying amount
                        of RMB77,719,000 (2024: RMB28,248,000) to suppliers for settling trade and other payables of
                        the same amount on a full recourse basis and discounted commercial bills receivable amounting to
                        RMB23,980,000 to banks.

                        In the opinion of the directors, the Group has not transferred the substantial risks and rewards
                        relating to these bank acceptance bills and commercial bills, and accordingly, these bills receivable
                        and the associated trade and other payables were not de-recognised in the consolidated statements
                        of financial position.

                (ii)    Endorsed bank acceptance bills that are derecognised in their entirety
                        As at 31 December 2025, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills with a carrying amount
                        of RMB47,743,000 (2024: RMB16,630,000) to suppliers for settling trade and other payables of
                        the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group derecognised these bills receivable and the
                        payables to suppliers in their entirety in the consolidated statements of financial position.

                        In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of
                        ownership of these bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers. The Group
                        considered the issuing banks of the bills are of good credit quality and the non-settlement of these
                        bills by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable.

                        As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow,
                        which is the same as the amounts payable by the Group to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills,
                        should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, amounted to RMB47,743,000 (2024:
                        RMB16,630,000).
208   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      21      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
              (a)     Cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits

                                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                        Note                     2025                      2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000


                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                350,312                   199,254
                      Pledged bank deposits
                      – Bills payable                                                     (i)                    60,223                         –
                      – Bank loans (Note 22)                                              (i)                    20,000                         –
                      – Others                                                            (ii)                   31,562                     4,208
                                                                                                               111,785                      4,208


                      (i)     The bank deposits pledged for banks loans and bills payable will be released upon the settlement of relevant bank loans
                              and bills payable.

                      (ii)    As at 31 December 2025, other pledged bank deposits mainly comprised bank deposits as guarantee in relation to
                              certain supplier contracts and customer contracts.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT    BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   209




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




21      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
        (CONTINUED)
        (b)     Reconciliation of loss before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                          At 31 December
                                                                        Note                2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


                Loss before taxation                                                     (280,157)         (274,457)
                Adjustments for:
                Depreciation and amortisation                           6(c)
                – owned property, plant and equipment                                     13,116             11,941
                – right-of-use assets                                                      5,165              6,198
                – intangible assets                                                          876                800
                Finance costs                                           6(a)              18,796              9,187
                Finance income                                          6(a)              (8,332)           (10,547)
                Net unrealised gain on listed equity investment          5                (1,936)                 –
                Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment    5                   114              1,130
                Net gain on modification and termination of lease                              –               (867)
                Shares of results of associates, net of
                   downstream transaction                                                   4,462             6,470
                Equity settled share-based payment expenses             26                  8,674            33,478
                Credit loss (reversed)/recognised on financial
                   guarantee issued                                     6(c)                  (80)            2,565
                Dividends from other investments                         5                   (333)             (333)
                Gain on disposal or loss of significant influence
                   of associates                                         5                      –           (16,277)
                Changes in working capital
                Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                         99,159               (797)
                Increase in trade and other receivables                                   (67,009)         (131,704)
                Increase in contract assets                                               (20,460)              (980)
                Increase in trade and other payables                                       96,447             91,174
                Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                   633            (10,085)
                (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                              (54,769)             1,070
                Increase in provisions                                                      2,684              1,649
                Cash used in operations                                                  (182,950)         (280,385)
                Interest received                                                           8,332            10,547
                Income tax paid                                                                (3)             (113)
                Net cash used in operating activities                                    (174,621)         (269,951)
210   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      21      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
              (CONTINUED)
              (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                              Loans and        Lease
                                                                             borrowings     liabilities     Total
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                               (Note 22)    (Note 24)


                      At 1 January 2025                                         352,313         5,828      358,141
                      Changes from financing cash flows:
                      Proceeds from loans and borrowings                         525,355            –      525,355
                      Repayments of loans and borrowings                        (157,512)           –     (157,512)
                      Capital element of lease rentals paid                            –       (2,706)      (2,706)
                      Interest element of lease rentals paid                           –         (390)        (390)
                      Interest paid                                              (17,087)           –      (17,087)
                      Total changes from financing cash flows                   350,756        (3,096)     347,660
                      Other changes:
                      Interest expenses                                          18,406           390       18,796
                      Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
                         leases during the year                                        –       15,595       15,595
                      Total other changes                                        18,406        15,985       34,391
                      At 31 December 2025                                       721,475        18,717      740,192
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    211




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




21      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
        (CONTINUED)
        (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities: (Continued)

                                                                         Loans and            Lease
                                                                         borrowings        liabilities       Total
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                          (Note 22)       (Note 24)


                At 1 January 2024                                          153,228           22,482        175,710
                Changes from financing cash flows:
                Proceeds from loans and borrowings                         275,913                –        275,913
                Repayments of loans and borrowings                          (77,033)              –         (77,033)
                Capital element of lease rentals paid                              –         (5,062)          (5,062)
                Interest element of lease rentals paid                             –           (674)            (674)
                Interest paid                                                 (9,226)             –           (9,226)
                Total changes from financing cash flows                    189,654           (5,736)       183,918
                Other changes:
                Decrease in lease liabilities from termination of
                   leases during the year                                         –         (11,592)       (11,592)
                Interest expenses                                             9,431             674         10,105
                Total other changes                                           9,431         (10,918)         (1,487)
                At 31 December 2024                                        352,313            5,828        358,141
212   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      21      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
              (CONTINUED)
              (d)     Total cash outflow for leases
                      Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                  At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Within operating cash flows                                                     374            1,351
                      Within investing cash flows                                                  11,333           37,386
                      Within financing cash flows                                                   3,096            5,736
                                                                                                   14,803           44,473


                      These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                                  At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Lease rentals paid                                                            3,470            7,087
                      Purchase of land use rights                                                  11,333           37,386
                                                                                                   14,803           44,473
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT    BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   213




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




22      LOANS AND BORROWINGS
        (a)     The analysis of the carrying amount of borrowings in the consolidated statements of
                financial position is as follows:

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


                Current
                Short-term bank loans                                                      112,023            50,024
                Current portion of long-term bank loans                                    201,786           215,845
                Obligations arising from sale and leaseback transactions                    50,325             1,328
                Other borrowings                                                           132,520                 –
                                                                                           496,654           267,197
                Non-current
                Obligations arising from sale and leaseback transactions                    63,908             5,891
                Long-term bank loans                                                       160,913            79,225
                                                                                           224,821            85,116
                                                                                           721,475           352,313


                As at 31 December 2025, the weighted average interest rates of current and non-current loans and
                borrowings were 3.7% and 3.9% per annum, respectively (2024: 3.4% and 3.5%).

        (b)     The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

                Within 1 year                                                              496,654           267,197
                After 1 year but within 2 years                                            188,207            44,610
                After 2 years but within 5 years                                            36,614            40,506
                                                                                           721,475           352,313
214   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      22      LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
              (c)     The borrowings of the Group are secured as follows:

                                                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                          Note                     2025                       2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000                    RMB’000

                      Bank loans
                      – Secured                                                              (i)                   63,062                     47,083
                      – Unsecured                                                                                 411,660                    298,011
                                                                                                                  474,722                    345,094
                      Obligations arising from sale and leaseback
                        transactions
                      – Secured                                                             (ii)                  114,233                       7,219
                      Other borrowings
                      – Secured                                                             (iii)                   1,431                            –
                      – Unsecured                                                           (iv)                  131,089                            –
                                                                                                                  132,520                            –
                      Total                                                                                       721,475                    352,313

                      (i)     As at 31 December 2025, certain bank loans were secured by the Group’s land use rights, property, plant and equipment
                              and pledged bank deposits with the net carrying amounts of RMB62,220,000, RMB59,849,000 and RMB20,000,000,
                              respectively (2024: RMB24,791,000, nil and nil).


                      (ii)    As at 31 December 2025, certain subsidiaries of the Group entered into agreements of sale and leaseback of property,
                              plant and equipment with finance leasing companies, with weighted average interest rate of 6.4% per annum (2024:
                              6.0%). The principals and interests should be repaid monthly within 5 years.


                              Based on the annual assessment from the management of the Group, the finance leasing companies did not obtain
                              control of the assets, and the transfer of assets did not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale
                              of the assets. Therefore, the Group continued to recognise the assets and recognised borrowings equal to the transfer
                              proceeds according to IFRS 9.

                      (iii)   As at 31 December 2025, the Group borrowed USD204,000 (equivalent to RMB1,431,000) from a third party with
                              interest rate of 6.0% per annum, which were secured by the Group’s deposits.

                      (iv)    As at 31 December 2025, the Group borrowed RMB131,089,000 from third parties, with weighted average interest rate
                              of 4.5% per annum, and would mature within one year.
                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       215




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




23      TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                             At 31 December
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


        Trade payables due to third party suppliers                                         310,122               270,526
        Bills payable                                                                        65,223                10,000
        Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                    375,345               280,526
        Other payables
        – Deposits                                                                            6,352                 8,572
        – Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                            180,079                 7,012
        – Commission expenses payable                                                         6,989                 2,885
        – Deposit for restricted shares                                                       1,066                11,600
        – Others                                                                             32,980                34,414
        Accrued payroll and other benefits                                                   17,506                19,881
        VAT and sundry taxes payable                                                          7,374                 4,939
        Refund liabilities
        – accrual of sales return                                                             1,821                   429
        – accrual of sales rebate                                                             3,234                 4,281
                                                                                            632,746               374,539


        As of the end of the reporting periods, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
        payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                             At 31 December
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


        Within 1 year                                                                       306,173               265,049
        1 year to 2 years                                                                     2,212                 1,490
        Over 2 years                                                                          1,737                 3,987
                                                                                            310,122               270,526
216   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      24      LEASE LIABILITIES
              At 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


              Within 1 year                                                                         5,407                 3,222
              After 1 year but within 2 years                                                       3,760                 1,465
              After 2 years but within 5 years                                                      4,052                 1,141
              After 5 years                                                                         5,498                     –
                                                                                                   13,310                 2,606
                                                                                                   18,717                 5,828


      25      PROVISIONS
                                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


              Product warranty provision                                                           15,178                12,539
              Financial guarantee issued (Note 29)                                                  2,977                 3,057
              Onerous contracts                                                                       921                   876
                                                                                                   19,076                16,472

              Product warranty provision

                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                                      RMB’000


              At 31 December 2023                                                                                        11,765
              Provision for the year                                                                                     18,609
              Utilisation during the year                                                                               (17,835)
              At 31 December 2024                                                                                        12,539
              Provision for the year                                                                                     23,430
              Utilisation during the year                                                                               (20,791)
              At 31 December 2025                                                                                        15,178


              A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the terms of the Group’s
              sales agreements, the Group will rectify any product defects arising within predominantly 6 to 60 months from the
              date of sale. Provision is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements
              in respect of products sold which are still within the warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account
              the Group’s recent claim experience, historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their
              associated probabilities.
                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT        BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        217




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




26      EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

        The Company has adopted a restricted share scheme (the “Restricted Share Scheme”), whereby the directors of
        the Company may, at their discretion, offer to grant a share award to subscribe shares (or share capital before
        the Company’s conversion into a joint stock Company), to attract and retain the talents and to provide incentives
        that align the interests of shareholders and employees. Pursuant to the Restricted Share Scheme, the Company
        has granted certain restricted shares to the grantees at a fixed subscription price. All the restricted shares granted
        shall be vested at the date of 36 months from the date of grant or the date of completion of a qualified listing,
        whichever is later. The restricted shares are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions until the completion
        of the vesting. Upon the occurrence of certain events within the vesting period, including an employee ceased
        employment with the Group, the restricted shares would be forfeited and redeemed at the price of subscription
        price plus simple interest.

        (a)     The details of the grants are as follows:

                                                                                           Number of            Subscription
                                                                                    restricted shares                  price
                                                                                                                         RMB


                Restricted shares granted to directors:
                – on 1 March 2022                                                            3,091,551                   0.78

                Restricted shares granted to employees:
                – on 1 February 2020                                                        9,923,879                    0.49
                – on 1 March 2022                                                          17,518,790                    0.78
                – on 3 March 2023                                                             811,017                    0.78
                – on 22 September 2023                                                      1,004,754                    0.97
                – on 20 December 2023                                                         783,193                    0.97


        (b)     Set out below is the movement in number of the underlying shares of the Company
                under the Restricted Shares Scheme:

                                                                  At 31 December 2025              At 31 December 2024
                                                                 Weighted        Number of         Weighted        Number of
                                                               average fair       restricted     average fair       restricted
                                                                     value           shares            value           shares
                                                                     RMB                               RMB


                Outstanding at the beginning of the year                4.67     26,388,450              4.70     26,728,521
                Forfeited during the year                               3.13       (819,261)             6.82       (340,071)
                Vested during the year                                  4.50    (23,722,502)                /              –
                Outstanding at the end of the year                      7.53      1,846,687              4.67     26,388,450
218   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      26      EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (CONTINUED)
              (c)     Expenses for the share-based compensation have been charged to the consolidated
                      statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follow:

                                                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                                                     2025                        2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000


                      Cost of sales                                                                                      9                         58
                      Selling expenses                                                                               3,165                      6,472
                      Administrative expenses                                                                        3,072                     24,169
                      Research and development costs                                                                 2,428                      2,779
                                                                                                                     8,674                     33,478


      27      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
              (a)     Movements in components of equity
                      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                      consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
                      the company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out
                      below:

                                                                                  Share       Share     Capital     Fair value Accumulated         Total
                                                                     Note        capital   premium     Reserve        reserve       losses        equity
                                                                                RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Balance at 1 January 2024                                 366,652     892,324      42,368        8,167      (163,675)     1,145,836
                      Loss for the year                                                –          –           –            –      (125,592)      (125,592)
                      Other comprehensive income                                       –          –           –        1,148             –          1,148
                      Total comprehensive income                                       –          –           –        1,148      (125,592)      (124,444)
                      Equity settled share-based payment              26               –          –      33,478            –             –         33,478
                      Balance at 31 December 2024 and
                        1 January 2025                                          366,652     892,324      75,846        9,315      (289,267)     1,054,870
                      Loss for the year                                                –          –           –            –      (168,242)      (168,242)
                      Other comprehensive income                                       –          –           –        7,195             –          7,195
                      Total comprehensive income                                       –          –           –        7,195      (168,242)      (161,047)
                      Issuance of H shares through initial public
                         offering, net of issuance costs            27(c)(i)      13,000    164,377           –            –             –       177,377
                      Issuance of H shares by placement,
                         net of issuance costs                      27(c)(ii)     10,000    208,387           –            –             –       218,387
                      Equity settled share-based payment              26               –          –       8,674            –             –         8,674
                      Balance at 31 December 2025                               389,652    1,265,088     84,520       16,510      (457,509)     1,298,261
                                                                            2025 ANNUAL REPORT         BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           219




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




27      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
        (b)     Dividends
                (i)     No dividends were proposed after the end of years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                (ii)    No dividends in respect of the previous financial years were approved or paid during the reporting
                        periods.

        (c)     Share capital and share premium
                Movements in the authorised share capital of the Company during the year are as follows:

                                                                       Numbers
                                                                     of ordinary             Share            Share
                                                                         shares             capital        premium                Total
                                                                            ’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                Issued and fully paid
                At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                   366,652           366,652           892,324        1,258,976
                Issuance of H shares through initial
                   public offering (i)                                    13,000            13,000           164,377          177,377
                Issuance of H shares by placement (ii)                    10,000            10,000           208,387          218,387
                At 31 December 2025                                      389,652           389,652        1,265,088         1,654,740


                (i)     On 7 May 2025, the Company issued 13,000,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each at a price of Hong Kong dollar
                        (“HKD”) 18.00 per share by way of the Hong Kong initial public offering. Consequently, the share capital increased
                        by RMB13,000,000, and the corresponding share premium increased by RMB164,377,000 (after deduction of listing
                        expense).


                (ii)    Pursuant to a share placing agreement dated on 14 November 2025, the Company completed a share placing
                        by issuing 10,000,000 H shares at a price of HKD25.08 per share on 24 November 2025. The gross proceeds of
                        HKD250,800,000 (equivalent to RMB228,303,000), net of direct share placement expenses of HKD10,898,000 (equivalent
                        to RMB9,916,000), were raised, of which RMB10,000,000 and RMB208,387,000 were credited to share capital and
                        share premium, respectively.
220   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      27      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
              (d)     Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                  Before-tax Tax (expense)/            Net-of-tax
                                                                                    amount          benefit              amount
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000

                      Equity investments at FVOCI – net movement in fair
                        value reserves (not recycling)                                10,581             (2,645)            7,936


                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                   Before-tax    Tax (expense)/         Net-of-tax
                                                                                     amount              benefit          amount
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

                      Equity investments at FVOCI – net movement in fair
                        value reserves (not recycling)                                  1,401              (350)            1,051


              (e)     Nature and purpose of reserves
                      (i)  Share premium
                              Under PRC rules and regulations, share premium is non-distributable other than in liquidation and
                              may be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new
                              shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of
                              the shares currently held by the shareholders.

                      (ii)    Capital reserve
                              The capital reserve mainly represents (i) equity settled share-based payment (Note 26); and (ii) the
                              difference between the carrying value of non-controlling interests and the consideration received from
                              the non-controlling shareholder.

                      (iii)   Shares held for Restricted Shares Scheme
                              In March 2022, the Company issued 7,250,000 registered capital (14,942,497 shares after the
                              conversion into a joint stock company). Shanghai Jifang Business Consulting Partnership (Limited
                              Partnership) (上海驥方商務諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Shanghai Jifang”), an employee shareholding
                              platform, held the shares under the Restricted Shares Scheme (See Note 26) at RMB1.6 per
                              registered capital. The total consideration the Company received was RMB11,600,000, which was
                              credited to equity reserve.

                              As the Company has the power to govern the relevant activities of Shanghai Jifang and can derive
                              benefits from the contributions of the employees who were awarded with the shares under the
                              Restricted Shares Scheme, Shanghai Jifang was consolidated.

                      (iv)    Fair value reserve
                              The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of other
                              investments designated at FVOCI under IFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting date.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       221




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




27      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
        (f)     Capital risk management
                The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
                as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
                stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
                to finance at a reasonable cost.

                The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
                the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
                and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
                changes in economic conditions.

                The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this
                purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings
                and lease liabilities), less cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits. Capital comprises all
                components of equity.

                The adjusted net debt-to-capital ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                              At 31 December
                                                                         Note                 2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


                Loans and borrowings                                      22                 721,475               352,313
                Lease liabilities                                         24                  18,717                 5,828
                Total borrowings                                                             740,192               358,141
                Less: Pledged bank deposits                              21(a)              (111,785)                (4,208)
                      Cash and cash equivalents                          21(a)              (350,312)             (199,254)
                Adjusted net debt                                                            278,095               154,679
                Total equity                                                                 806,987               682,281
                Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                            34.5%                 22.7%
222   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
              INSTRUMENTS

              Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

              The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group
              to manage these risks are described below:

              (a)     Credit risk
                      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
                      financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables,
                      contract assets and financial guarantees. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash
                      equivalents and bills receivable is limited because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions with
                      low credit risk confirmed by the Group.

                      Except for the financial guarantee provided by the Group as set out in Note 29, the Group does not provide
                      any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk in
                      respect of this financial guarantee at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in Note 29.

                      Impairment losses on trade and other receivables and contract assets recognised in profit or loss are
                      RMB120,199,000 during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB80,532,000).

                      Trade receivables
                      In respect of trade receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit
                      over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s background financial strengths, past
                      history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific
                      to the customer as well as the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables
                      under credit sales arrangement are normally due within 1 to 6 months from the date of billing. Sales under
                      instalment payment method that has instalment payment periods are generally ranging from 6 to 60 months.

                      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is
                      calculated using a provision matrix. According to the past experience of the Group, the loss patterns of
                      different customers are significantly different. The Group estimates loss allowance for trade receivables for
                      each of the customer with similar loss patterns.

                      Significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual
                      customers. As of 31 December 2025, nil of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest
                      customer (2024: 11%) and 18% of the total trade receivables were due from the Group’s five largest
                      customers (2024: 34%).
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT       BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       223




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
        (a)     Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables (Continued)
                The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                receivables:

                                                                                   As at 31 December 2025
                                                                            Expected Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                             loss rate        amount      allowance
                                                                                    %        RMB’000       RMB’000


                Current (not past due)                                          11.5%           265,147            (30,543)
                Overdue less than 1 year                                        24.9%           243,387            (60,518)
                Overdue 1-2 years                                               66.6%            99,606            (66,371)
                Overdue 2-3 years                                              100.0%           104,048           (104,048)
                                                                                                712,188           (261,480)


                                                                                     As at 31 December 2024
                                                                             Expected      Gross carrying             Loss
                                                                              loss rate          amount          allowance
                                                                                     %         RMB’000           RMB’000


                Current (not past due)                                           9.7%           251,598            (24,372)
                Overdue less than 1 year                                        24.8%           230,885            (57,180)
                Overdue 1-2 years                                               53.0%            96,216            (50,985)
                Overdue 2-3 years                                               99.3%            24,454            (24,288)
                                                                                                603,153           (156,825)


                Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past years. These rates are adjusted
                based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors
                and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.
224   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
              INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              (a)     Credit risk (Continued)
                      Trade receivables (Continued)
                      Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                      At the beginning of the year                                                 156,825                  76,979
                      Impairment losses recognised                                                 119,448                  79,846
                      Amounts written off                                                          (14,793)                      –
                      At the end of the year                                                       261,480               156,825


                      Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of other receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                      At the beginning of the year                                                   5,425                    4,775
                      Impairment losses recognised                                                     575                      650
                      At the end of the year                                                         6,000                    5,425


                      Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of contract assets during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                      At the beginning of the year                                                      36                       –
                      Impairment losses recognised                                                     176                      36
                      At the end of the year                                                           212                      36
                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT            BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        225




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
        (b)     Liquidity risk
                The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor liquidity requirements, and to ensure that it maintains sufficient
                reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its
                liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

                The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
                Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the
                reporting period) and the earliest date the Group and can be required to pay:

                                                                                        As at 31 December 2025
                                                                          Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                          More than     More than
                                                                 Within   1 year but 2 years but
                                                              1 year or    less than     less than    More than                Carrying
                                                            on demand        2 years       5 years       5 years     Total      amount
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                Loans and borrowings                           511,846      193,321        38,857              –    744,024     721,475
                Trade and other payables                       632,746            –             –              –    632,746     632,746
                Lease liabilities                                6,327        4,362         5,064          7,029     22,782      18,717
                                                             1,150,919      197,683        43,921          7,029   1,399,552   1,372,938

                Financial guarantees issued and payment
                   commitments maximum exposure (Note 29)      237,534      167,733       100,195              –    505,462       2,977
226   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
              INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              (b)     Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                           As at 31 December 2024
                                                                                           Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                                 More than          More than
                                                                                    Within       1 year but        2 years but
                                                                                    1 year         less than         less than                  Carrying
                                                                            or on demand             2 years           5 years         Total    amount
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000


                      Loans and borrowings                                       275,710           45,851            42,717         364,278     352,313
                      Trade and other payables                                   374,539                –                 –         374,539     374,539
                      Lease liabilities                                            3,417            1,553             1,164           6,134       5,828
                                                                                 653,666           47,404            43,881         744,951     732,680
                      Financial guarantees issued and payment commitments
                         maximum exposure (Note 29)                              162,478          120,794            60,808         344,080       3,057


              (c)     Interest rate risk
                      Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
                      because of changes in market interest rates.

                      The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and
                      interest-bearing loans and borrowings. The Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments at variable rates as
                      at 31 December 2025 are primarily the cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits.
                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        227




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
        (c)     Interest rate risk (Continued)
                (i)   The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out below.

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                            2025                              2024
                                                                   Weighted                          Weighted
                                                                     average                           average
                                                                interest rate                     interest rate
                                                                           %        RMB’000                  %       RMB’000


                        Fixed rate:
                        Lease liabilities                              5.0%           18,717            4.2%           5,828
                        Loans and borrowings                           3.8%          721,475            3.4%         352,313
                                                                                     740,192                         358,141
                        Variable rate:
                        Cash and cash equivalents                      0.1%          350,312            0.3%         199,254
                        Pledged bank deposits                          1.0%          111,785            0.3%           4,208
                                                                                     462,097                         203,462


                (ii)    Sensitivity analysis
                        At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest
                        rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s total
                        comprehensive income by approximately RMB4,621,000 (2024: RMB2,035,000).

                        The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss after tax (and
                        accumulated losses) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that
                        the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied
                        to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value
                        interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest
                        rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the
                        reporting period, the impact on the Group’s loss after tax (and accumulated losses) and other
                        components of consolidated equity is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expenses or
                        income of such changes in interest rates.
228   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
              INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              (d)     Foreign currency risk
                      Foreign currency exchange rate risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a currency
                      other than the functional currency in which they are measured. The Group’s foreign currency risk exposure
                      mainly relates to cash and cash equivalents, other borrowings and trade and other payables denominated
                      primarily in United States dollars, Euros and Hong Kong dollars. The Group does not use derivative financial
                      instruments to hedge its foreign currency risk. The Group reviews its foreign currency exposures regularly
                      and considers no significant exposure on its foreign currency risk.

              (e)     Fair value measurement
                      (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                            Fair value hierarchy
                              The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the
                              end of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy
                              as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is
                              classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
                              valuation technique as follows:

                              •    Level 1 valuations:                        Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                                                              prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                                                              measurement date

                              •    Level 2 valuations:                        Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs
                                                                              which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                                                                              inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not
                                                                              available.

                              •    Level 3 valuations:                        Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                    Fair value at     Fair value measurements as at       Fair value at       Fair value measurements as at
                                                                   31 December      31 December 2025 categorised into    31 December       31 December 2024 categorised into
                                                                            2025     Level 1       Level 2     Level 3            2024      Level 1        Level 2       Level 3
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                              Recurring fair value measurement
                              Financial assets measured at FVOCI
                              – Unlisted equity investments               52,316           –            –       52,316         41,735            –              –        41,735
                              Financial assets measured at FVPL
                              – Listed equity investment                   3,436       3,436            –            –               –           –              –             –
                                                                          55,752       3,436            –       52,316         41,735            –              –        41,735


                              During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                              transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                              of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.
                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       229




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




28      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
        (e)     Fair value measurement (Continued)
                (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                        Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
                        The fair value of unlisted equity investment is determined based on medium market multiples (e.g.
                        price-to-book ratio, price-to-sales ratio) of comparable companies or comparable transactions with a
                        discount for lack of marketability as appropriate.

                        As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
                        increase in discount for lack marketability by 1% would have increased/decreased the Group’s total
                        comprehensive income by approximately RMB188,000 (2024: RMB240,000).

                        The movement during the year in balance of Level 3 fair value measurement is as follows:

                                                                                             At 31 December
                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


                        Unlisted equity investments:
                        At 1 January                                                          41,735                19,094
                        Transferred from an associate                                              –                22,740
                        Disposals                                                                  –                 (1,500)
                        Changes in fair value                                                 10,581                  1,401
                        At 31 December                                                        52,316                41,735


                        The net gains arising from remeasurement of unlisted equity investments are presented in the
                        “Other comprehensive income” line item in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income.

                (ii)    Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                        The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not
                        materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025.
230   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      29      FINANCIAL GUARANTEE ISSUED

              Certain customers of the Group finance their purchase of the Group’s products through finance leases provided by
              third-party leasing companies. The Group undertakes the joint liability guarantee for these customers. In the event of
              customer default, the Group is required to make payments to the third-party leasing companies for the outstanding
              amounts due from the customers. At the same time, the Group is entitled to repossess and purchase the leased
              products, and retain any net proceeds in excess of the guarantee payments made to the leasing companies. The
              terms of these guarantees coincide with the tenure of the lease contracts which generally range from 1 to 4 years.

              The fair value of the financial guarantees upon the initial recognition was immaterial, which is subsequently
              measured at the higher of the initial recognised amount and the expected credit loss allowance. As at 31 December
              2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to such guarantees was RMB505,462,000 (2024: RMB344,080,000). During
              the year ended 31 December 2025, no customer default incurred (2024: nil).

      30      COMMITMENTS

              Capital commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2025 not provided for in the consolidated financial statements
              were as follows:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


              Contracted for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          223,382                 36,018
              Authorised but not contracted for acquisition of property,
                plant and equipment                                                                  27,472                      –
                                                                                                   250,854                 36,018
                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       231




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




31      MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
        (a)     Names and relationship of the related parties that had material transactions with the
                Group during the reporting periods

                Name of related parties                                                                 Relationship


                Mr. Chen Fangming                                                                     The controlling
                                                                                                          shareholder
                Shanghai Breton Investment Group Company (“Breton Investment”)                   The entity controlled
                                                                                                   by the controlling
                                                                                                          shareholder
                Breton (Jinhua) New Energy Co., Ltd.                                                        Associate
                Breton Tianrun (Jiangsu) New Energy Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                Breton Tianyue (Ningxia) New Energy Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                Sichuan Breton Tianyi New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                Shanxi Huanghe Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                            Associate
                Shaanxi Lingbo Operation Technology Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                Chongqing Changling Technology Co., Ltd.                                                    Associate
                Henan Breton Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                Breton Jungang (Shandong) Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                Hebei Lvyuan Tiancheng New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                      Associate
                Hunan Lvdian Breton New Energy Co., Ltd.                                                    Associate
                Moudi Smart Technology Co., Ltd.                                                        Associate (till
                                                                                                   September 2024)


        (b)     Transactions with related parties

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


                Transactions with associates:
                Sales of products and rental income                                     83,157               268,598
                Transactions with Breton Investment:
                Capital injection                                                       20,000                       –
232   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      31      MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
              (c)     Balance with related parties – associates

                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Trade and other receivables                                               152,570              220,164


                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Trade and other payables                                                    2,041               13,565


                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Contract liabilities                                                          556                  255


                      All of the balances with related parties are trade in nature.

              (d)     Key management personnel remuneration
                      Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
                      directors as disclosed in Note 8, and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 9, is as
                      follows:

                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                   3,099                3,250
                      Discretionary bonuses                                                         325                  627
                      Contributions to retirement scheme                                            213                  213
                      Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                 2,766               17,136
                                                                                                  6,403               21,226
                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT     BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   233




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




32      COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                            At 31 December
                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


        Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment                                       59,280               1,555
        Other investments                                                   49,740              40,147
        Right-of-use assets                                                  9,835               6,850
        Intangible assets                                                    2,332               2,961
        Interests in subsidiaries                                          951,226           1,017,716
        Interest in associates                                              21,507              26,394
        Other non-current assets                                           323,618              24,062
                                                                          1,417,538          1,119,685
        Current assets
        Inventories                                                         41,979             36,891
        Contract assets                                                      5,940                  –
        Trade and other receivables                                        723,675            516,595
        Pledged bank deposits                                              111,785              4,030
        Cash and cash equivalents                                           92,781             35,799
                                                                           976,160            593,315
        Current liabilities
        Loans and borrowings                                               241,167            243,801
        Trade and other payables                                           640,517            350,143
        Provision                                                            5,793              4,478
        Contract liabilities                                                   117              1,173
        Lease liabilities                                                    3,495              2,726
                                                                           891,089            602,321
        Net current assets/(liabilities)                                    85,071              (9,006)
        Total assets less current liabilities                             1,502,609          1,110,679
        Non-current liabilities
        Loans and borrowings                                               192,726             44,200
        Lease liabilities                                                    6,119              8,504
        Deferred tax liabilities                                             5,503              3,105
                                                                           204,348             55,809
        NET ASSETS                                                        1,298,261          1,054,870
        CAPITAL AND RESERVES
        Share capital                                                      389,652            366,652
        Reserves                                                           908,609            688,218
        TOTAL EQUITY                                                      1,298,261          1,054,870
234   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




      33      POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
              INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
              ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

              Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended standards,
              which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in these
              financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                            Effective for accounting
                                                                                                                  periods beginning
                                                                                                                           on or after


              Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity                    1 January 2026

              Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Amendments to the Classification and
               Measurement of Financial Instruments                                                                  1 January 2026

              Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                           1 January 2026

              IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                           1 January 2027

              IFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                                       1 January 2027

              Amendments to IAS 21, Translation to a hyperinflationary presentation currency                         1 January 2027

              Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28, Sale or contribution of assets between an
               investor and its associate or joint venture                                                        To be determined

              The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
              in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
              impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group except for the following:

              IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements
              IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
              comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. IFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods
              beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.

              Among other changes, under IFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories
              in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income
              tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-defined performance
              measures in a single note in the financial statements.

              The Group does not plan to early adopt IFRS 18. IFRS 18 will impact the presentation of financial statements and is
              not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group.
                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT      BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      235




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




34      NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

        On 10 February 2026, the Group entered into a procurement contract with a third-party supplier in relation to the
        procurement of equipment for the Ruashi Energy Project (the “Project”) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
        The Total contract price is approximately EUR39 million.

        On 5 March 2026, the Group entered into a general construction contract for the Project with a third-party
        construction company (the “Contractor”), pursuant to which the Contractor will be responsible for the civil
        engineering and installation works for the Project with total contract price of USD17 million.
236   BRETON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    2025         2024         2023         2022
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


      Revenue                                                      779,483      635,457      463,738     360,106
      Cost of sales                                               (693,309)    (598,618)    (454,459)   (351,934)
      Gross profit                                                 86,174       36,839        9,279        8,172
      Loss for the year                                           (318,202)    (274,547)    (229,414)   (178,101)
      Loss per share
      – Basic and diluted                                            (0.86)       (0.78)       (0.66)      (0.64)


                                                                                At December 31,
                                                                    2025         2024         2023         2022
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


      Total non-current assets                                    932,513      418,700      290,358       99,635
      Total current assets                                       1,314,715    1,019,640    1,131,457     828,182
      Total current liabilities                                  1,196,213     665,085      427,175      306,189
      Total non-current liabilities                               244,028       90,974       72,340       67,692
      Total equity                                                806,987      682,281      922,300      553,936
