Interim Results 2021/22

                              STRONG H1 OUTPERFORMANCE LEADING TO INCREASED FY PROFIT OUTLOOK.
                              STRATEGIC PRIORITIES SET OUT; SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME ANNOUNCED.

 Headline measures1,2:                         H1 21/22       H1 20/21    Change at       Change at
                                                                          actual rate    constant rate
  Group sales (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)3           £27,331m       £26,652m       2.6%            3.0%
  Adjusted operating profit4                   £1,458m         £1,037m       40.6%          41.0%
    - Retail                                   £1,386m         £1,192m       16.3%          16.6%
       -    Tesco Bank                           £72m          £(155)m       146.5%         146.5%
  Retail free cash flow5                       £1,543m         £797m        93.6%
  Net debt2,5                                  £(10.2)bn      £(12.5)bn   down 18.5%
  Adjusted diluted EPS6                         11.22p          7.29p        54.0%
  Interim dividend per share                    3.20p           3.20p          -

 Statutory measures:
  Revenue (exc. VAT, inc. fuel)                £30.4bn         £28.7bn       5.9%
  Operating profit                             £1,304m         £1,007m       29.5%
  Profit before tax                            £1,143m         £551m         107.4%
  Diluted EPS                                   10.70p          4.06p        163.5%


 A strong first half leading to an upgrade in full year profit expectations:
 • Elevated sales continued into first half; Group Retail 1-yr LFL7 sales growth includes UK market outperformance and
   sharp recovery of Booker catering; 2-yr LFL reflects strong performance throughout pandemic across all businesses:
                                         UK      ROI       Booker   UK&ROI    C.Europe    Retail
            1-yr LFL sales              1.2%   (2.6)%       11.0%    2.4%       1.4%      2.3%
            2-yr LFL sales              8.9%   12.2%         9.1%    9.1%       0.3%      8.4%
 • Total adjusted retail operating profit4 £1,386m, +16.6% at constant rates
       - UK & ROI adjusted operating profit £1,318m, +16.5% due to higher sales and lower COVID-19 costs, part offset by YoY
         effect of last year’s £249m business rates relief (repaid in H2 last year)
       - Central Europe adjusted operating profit £68m, +18.6% due to lower COVID-19 costs & higher YoY mall income
 • Bank adjusted operating profit £72m, returning to profit following last year’s increase in potential bad debt provision
 • Retail free cash flow5 £1,543m, +93.6% inc. higher profit, lower pension contribution & c.£400m working capital phasing
 • Net debt2,5 reduced by +£1.7bn since February reflecting strong cash flow
 • Adjusted diluted EPS6 11.22p, +54.0% reflecting higher retail profits and return to profitability for Tesco Bank
 • Interim dividend of 3.20p, in line with prior year; aligned to policy at 35% of last year’s full year dividend
 • Strong first half performance leading to increased full year profit expectations: adjusted retail operating profit now
   expected to be between £2.5bn and £2.6bn

 Strengthening our customer proposition:
 • Grown UK market share; Customer satisfaction improving across all areas
 • ‘Aldi Price Match’ expanded to c.650 products, Clubcard Prices now in Express stores and unbeatable Low Everyday
   Prices relaunched on 1,600 products
 • Strengthened digital platform: online LFL sales +2.3% (2-yr LFL: +74.1%) with market share maintained; now over 20m
   Clubcard households including 6.6m app users; on-demand grocery delivery trials progressing well
 • Group net zero own operations climate goal accelerated to 2035; new 2050 scope 3 target announced; soft plastic
   recycling now in all UK large stores; ambitious health commitments launched across UK, Central Europe & Booker

 Creating long-term, sustainable value for all Tesco stakeholders:
 • Strategic priorities and multi-year performance framework set out
 • Aim to drive top and bottom line growth and generate between £1.4bn and £1.8bn retail free cash flow per year
 • Capital allocation framework refreshed
 • £500m share buyback announced
 Detail on footnotes can be found on page 5.


                                 Serving our customers, communities and planet a little better every day.
Ken Murphy, Chief Executive:
“We’ve had a strong six months; sales and profit have grown ahead of expectations, and we’ve outperformed the market.
This was a strong team effort and I would particularly like to recognise and thank our colleagues who continue to do an
incredible job in difficult times. I’m really pleased with our progress as we increased customer satisfaction and grew
market share leading to a strong financial performance. With various different challenges currently affecting the industry,
the resilience of our supply chain and the depth of our supplier partnerships has once again been shown to be a key asset.

Against a backdrop of profound change, Tesco has many unique advantages. The scale and reach of our store estate and
online operations are unmatched in the UK. Our ability to reward loyalty through Clubcard enhances our relationship with
customers. Our world-class food retail expertise combined with our strong supplier partnerships ensures we can offer
our customers great value and quality, removing reasons to shop elsewhere. Together, these strengths mean that Tesco
can anticipate and respond to changes in the market, meeting customers’ needs better than anyone.

Today, we are sharing the strategic priorities that will enable us to build on these advantages to stay competitive,
accelerate growth and generate between £1.4bn and £1.8bn retail free cash flow per year. These priorities will ensure we
do the basics brilliantly, operate as efficiently as possible and grow our business by building unbeatable digital,
convenience and loyalty platforms.

We are committed to creating value for all stakeholders in our business. Our commitments to the communities we serve
and society more broadly are reflected in our new purpose: serving customers, communities and the planet a little better
every day. For shareholders, our strong performance to date and our confidence in our ability to generate cash in the
coming years has enabled us to announce the start of a buyback programme that will balance the maintenance of a strong
capital structure with returning surplus cash.”

                                                                             OUTLOOK.
As a result of our strong first half performance, we have increased our adjusted retail operating profit expectations for
this financial year to between £2.5bn and £2.6bn. Although we do not yet know how the external environment and
consumer behaviour will evolve in the second half, we have assumed that some of the elevated sales fall away and that
we will continue to invest in our customer offer.

We now expect Tesco Bank to deliver adjusted operating profit of at least £120m for this financial year. This expectation
remains highly dependent on the economic outlook.

                       CAPITAL ALLOCATION AND LAUNCH OF ONGOING SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME.
We have conducted a detailed review of our capital allocation framework, focusing in particular on the appropriateness
of our leverage target, on the application of our dividend policy and on our ability to return surplus cash to shareholders.
This review has resulted in two changes.

First, we will use a simpler measure of Net debt*/EBITDA when assessing leverage for the purpose of capital allocation
targeting a range of 2.8 to 2.3 times, consistent with a solid investment grade credit rating. The inclusion of the IAS 19
pension deficit within the total indebtedness ratio used previously created material volatility which could not be
accurately predicted and has no bearing on our near-term cash obligations or our long-term, unwavering commitment to
our pension scheme members.

Second, we are confirming that it is our intention to pay a progressive dividend – i.e. we will aim to grow the dividend per
share each year, broadly targeting a pay-out of around 50% of earnings.

Capital expenditure will remain between £0.9bn and £1.2bn per year.

Our refreshed capital allocation framework is as follows:

1. Reinvest in business and customer offer
2. Maintain a solid investment grade balance sheet
3. Pay a progressive dividend
4. Consider inorganic growth opportunities that may arise
5. Return surplus cash to shareholders

Following our strong first half performance, our leverage ratio stands at 2.7 times. We are therefore announcing the start
of an ongoing share buyback programme, with the first tranche of £500m in shares to be repurchased by no later than
October 2022. We will provide an update on our progress alongside our preliminary results in April 2022.

* For the avoidance of doubt, Net debt is inclusive of IFRS 16 lease obligations. A full definition can be found in the glossary on page 64.


                                                                                    2
                                        CREATING VALUE IN A DYNAMIC MARKET.

The retail sector is undergoing significant change. Customers are faced with an increasing range of choices as to where,
how and when to shop, with the COVID-19 pandemic accelerating a number of profound shifts in consumer behaviour.
The competitive environment has changed materially, with a particular emphasis on value and greater importance placed
on fuller-service offerings such as grocery home delivery. Consumers and other stakeholders are also placing greater
importance on environmental and social considerations which sometimes require significant change at an industry,
national or even global level.
We believe we can thrive against this backdrop. Tesco has a uniquely strong position in terms of reach, capability and
market share, built up through decades of focusing on meeting our customers’ needs. We are hugely proud of the
capability and commitment of our team of nearly 360,000 colleagues, serving millions of customers across the Group. We
have market-leading positions in every channel and format in our core UK retail and wholesale markets, and through
Clubcard, dunnhumby and over 40 million transactions every week, we have the insight to be able to understand and
anticipate customers’ changing needs. We have the broadest, most compelling product range and strong relationships
with our supplier partners, together with efficient, well-invested supply chain, distribution and fulfilment infrastructure.

MULTI-YEAR PERFORMANCE FRAMEWORK.

Combined, these capabilities will allow us to create sustainable, long-term value for every Tesco stakeholder. Today, we
are sharing the framework we will use to guide our actions and track our progress over the coming years:
Specifically, we are seeking to:

    •   Drive top-line growth, underpinned by:
             -   Increasing customer satisfaction relative to the market
             -   Growing or at least maintaining our core UK market share
    •   Grow our absolute profits whilst maintaining sector-leading margins through:
             -   Leveraging our assets efficiently across all channels
             -   Accessing new revenue streams across our digital platform
             -   Targeting productivity initiatives to at least offset inflation
    •   In doing so, generate between £1.4bn and £1.8bn retail free cash flow per year

We are confident that this will enable us to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet, invest for growth and deliver
improved returns for our shareholders.

Our progress against each of the measures is unlikely to be linear. For example, our near-term performance will likely
reflect the annualisation of our exceptionally strong top-line performance through the COVID-19 period, which could
result in a temporary reduction in sales.

Delivery against the framework will be enabled by four strategic priorities:

STRATEGIC PRIORITIES.

1) Magnetic value for customers
Value is much broader than just price – we see it as the intersection of price, quality and, increasingly, sustainability. We
want to make high quality, healthy and sustainably-sourced food available and affordable to everyone, and in doing so,
remove reasons for customers to want or need to shop anywhere else.

Clearly, price will remain a critical part of this and we will maintain the competitiveness we have established through Aldi
Price Match, Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices.

The quality of our products is already high. We will seek further improvements by continuing to innovate with our supplier
partners. We will leverage the strength of Tesco Finest* as part of a renewed focus on premium products and further
refine our supply chain to ensure that the quality of everything we sell is protected all the way from farm (or factory) to
fork.

We aim be the easiest place to shop for healthy and sustainable foods. We are working hard to reduce the environmental
impact of both our own and our supplier partners’ operations, including through continuing to remove, reduce, reuse and
recycle packaging wherever we can. We are also committed to continuing to make a positive contribution to the
communities we operate in.


                                                                3
2) I love my Tesco Clubcard

We have created one of the leading digital retail platforms in the UK. The combination of Clubcard – used by more than
20 million households in the UK alone - with our online grocery business, our nearly seven million regular app users and
dunnhumby’s analytical expertise creates a powerful digital capability. It gives us the ability to manage vast amounts of
data, gain unique insights and respond quickly and effectively. When this is brought together with our unrivalled physical
network, it gives us a competitive advantage that is hard to replicate.

For customers, we will use this advantage to provide a much richer experience, personalising their offer to a much greater
degree and responding to their changing needs in real time. They will be able to choose how, when and where they shop
with us - across our full range of products and services - and how they earn and use the rewards they accumulate. We
will use all of the assets we have – and critically, Clubcard - to ensure that the more customers use Tesco, the more useful
Tesco becomes to them – a powerful virtuous circle.

Clubcard, and our digital platform more broadly, will also be at the heart of a reinvention of our supplier strategy. It gives
us the ability to access incremental income streams by providing suppliers with the opportunity to market their products
in more targeted ways such as advertising on our grocery home shopping website or offering a tailored range of additional
products direct to specific customers.

3) Easily the most convenient

To be ‘convenient’ now means serving customers wherever, whenever and however they want to be served. We believe
we can do that better than anyone by leveraging our existing reach and strong network. We will continue to adapt our
existing estate whilst seeking out capital-light growth in the two key growth channels: online and convenience.

We have already evolved our well-located large store estate to provide the backbone of our online grocery business. Our
annual online sales have already exceeded £6bn, boosted by increased demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We
plan to continue this growth whilst constantly innovating to improve efficiency, for example through the roll-out of urban
fulfilment centres (UFCs) and continued improvements in our existing manual picking and delivery operations.

We also have a strong presence in the second fastest growing food retail channel – convenience – with the combination
of our 1,941 fully-owned Express convenience stores, our 710 owned and 233 franchised One Stop stores and our wholesale
relationship with c.90,000 Booker retail customers. This gives us a strong platform from which to accelerate growth
through capital-light opportunities to open new space and continuing to add new franchisees and symbol store operators,
leaving us well-placed to benefit from the continuing trend towards more frequent top-up shopping.
Our strong presence across all channels positions us well to serve the increasing demand for more immediate grocery
delivery services. We are continuing to test and learn from various trials of new, on-demand services, such as our own
Tesco Whoosh platform and One Stop’s trial partnership with Deliveroo. Our UFC programme also provides the capability
for a large basket on-demand offer, potentially enabling customers to collect their full weekly or fortnightly shop within
minutes of placing an order.

4) Save to invest

Cost efficiency is a deep-seated principle within Tesco that has been brought back to the fore in recent years, enabling
us to regain our competitiveness and rebuild the financial strength of the business.

As we look forward, we see significant further opportunities to simplify, become more productive and reduce costs. As a
minimum, we are seeking to offset the impact of cost inflation on our business each year. In addition, we believe we can
create additional headroom that will allow us to fund investments in competitiveness and growth, supporting the other
three strategic priorities.

Having conducted a detailed review, we have identified c.£1bn of gross savings through simplification across areas such
as goods not for resale, improved productivity, optimisation of our delivery network and central overheads.

We expect to deliver these savings over the next three years. Whilst our intention is to do this predominantly through
incremental changes to existing operations, we will continually review opportunities to accelerate our plans and highlight
any exceptional costs which could be incurred as a result.


We will provide an update on progress against our performance framework and these four strategic priorities at our
interim and preliminary results each year.




                                                              4
                                                                         GROUP REVIEW OF PERFORMANCE.
                                                                                                  H1                     H1                       Total change YoY
26 weeks ended 28 August 20211,2                                                                2021/22                2020/21                Actual rate   Constant rate
  Group sales (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)3                                                          £27,331m               £26,652m                     2.6%                        3.0%
  Fuel                                                                                         £3,085m                £2,066m                     49.3%                       49.3%
  Revenue (exc. VAT, inc. fuel)                                                               £30,416m               £28,718m                     5.9%                        6.3%

  Adjusted operating profit4                                                                   £1,458m                 £1,037m                    40.6%                       41.0%
  Exceptionals & amortisation of acquired intangibles                                          £(154)m                  £(30)m
  Group statutory operating profit                                                             £1,304m                 £1,007m                    29.5%

  Net finance costs                                                                             £(158)m                £(469)m
  Joint ventures and associates                                                                  £(3)m                   £13m
  Group statutory profit before tax                                                             £1,143m                 £551m                    107.4%
  Group tax                                                                                     £(313)m                £(154)m
  Group statutory profit after tax                                                              £830m                   £397m                     109.1%

  Adjusted diluted EPS6                                                                          11.22p                 7.29p                     54.0%
  Statutory diluted EPS                                                                         10.70p                  4.06p                     163.5%
  Interim dividend per share                                                                     3.20p                  3.20p                        -
  Net debt2,5                                                                                  £(10.2)bn              £(12.5)bn
  Retail free cash flow5                                                                        £1.5bn                 £0.8bn
  Capex8                                                                                        £0.4bn                 £0.4bn
We have made two changes to the Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) above:
• We have renamed our operating profit and EPS APMs. Profit has changed from ‘Group operating profit before exceptional items and
  amortisation of acquired intangibles’ to ‘Adjusted operating profit’. EPS has changed from ‘Diluted EPS before exceptional and other items’ to
  ‘Adjusted diluted EPS’. The definitions are unchanged and this has no impact on the current or previously reported figures.
• We have amended the definition of our Retail free cash flow APM in order to provide a more consistent and predictable view of free cash flow
  generated by the core retail operation. It now excludes cash flows from business acquisitions and disposals, investments in joint ventures and
  associates, cash flows from the sale or buyback of property, and other exceptional cash flows.
More detail on these changes can be found in the Glossary on page 62.

Group sales3 increased by +3.0% at constant rates with a strong performance across all regions as we continued to benefit
from elevated sales as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenue increased by +6.3% at constant rates including growth
of +49.3% in fuel sales reflecting a significant recovery in travel driven by the easing of Government restrictions early in
the half. Fuel sales remained below pre-pandemic levels with two-year like-for-like sales down by (11.3)%.

Group adjusted operating profit4 grew by +41.0% at constant rates, reflecting sustained strong UK sales, a reduction in
COVID-19 related costs in our retail businesses and a return to profitability in Tesco Bank. These benefits were partially
offset by the year-on-year effect of £(249)m UK Government business rates relief included in the prior year. Statutory
operating profit grew by +29.5%, impacted by the settlement of historic shareholder litigation claims, reported within
exceptional items.

Finance income and finance costs reduced year-on-year due to fair value remeasurements related to the mark-to-market
movement on inflation-linked swaps, which were a £180m credit this year compared to a £(108)m debit last year. The
change in our share of joint ventures and associates was principally due to profit from Tesco Underwriting being
recognised within Tesco Bank operating profit following its full acquisition in May. The first half tax rate was broadly stable
year-on-year with the increase in tax charge primarily reflecting higher levels of operating profit.

Our adjusted diluted EPS6 rose by +54.0% reflecting the increase in profitability. We have announced an interim dividend
in line with last year and aligned to our policy of setting the interim dividend at 35% of the prior year full-year dividend.

Net debt2,5 reduced since the beginning of the financial year primarily driven by strong free cash flow generation. Retail
free cash flow5 increased by £0.7bn year-on-year due to higher retail operating profits, the elimination of UK pension
contributions (following the £2.5bn one-off contribution last year from the Asia disposal proceeds) and a c.£400m working
capital phasing benefit. These benefits were partly offset by a small increase in capital expenditure.

Further commentary on all of these metrics can be found below and a full income statement can be found on page 17.
Notes:
1. The Group has defined and outlined the purpose of its alternative performance measures, including its headline measures, in the Glossary starting on page 62.
2. All measures apart from net debt are shown on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise stated. Further details on discontinued operations can be found in Note 6, starting on page 40.
3. Group sales exclude VAT and fuel. Sales change shown on a comparable days basis for Central Europe.
4. ‘Adjusted’ operating profit excludes exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles. ‘Adjusted’ EPS excludes exceptional items, amortisation of acquired intangibles, net pension finance costs
    and fair value remeasurements of financial instruments.
5. Net debt and retail free cash flow exclude Tesco Bank. In addition, we have amended the definition of our Retail free cash flow APM in order to provide a more consistent and predictable view of free cash
    flow generated by the core retail operation. For more detail, see page 64 in the Glossary.
6. The share base used in adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is restated to capture the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia, as if it took
    place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year. As such, this metric is presented on a basis other than in accordance with IAS33. Please see page 65 for a reconciliation to diluted adjusted EPS.
7. Like-for-like is a measure of growth in Group online sales and sales from stores that have been open for at least a year (at constant exchange rates, excluding VAT and fuel).
8. Capex is shown excluding property buybacks. Statutory capital expenditure (including property buybacks) for the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 was £0.5bn (LY £0.5bn).



                                                                                                          5
Segmental review of performance:

Sales performance:
(exc. VAT, exc. fuel)2
                              Sales               LFL sales change7                        Total sales change YoY
                               £m             One-year         Two-year                Actual rate       Constant rate

    - UK                    £19,883m             1.2%              8.9%                   1.8%              1.8%
    - ROI                   £1,245m              (2.6)%            12.2%                 (5.8)%             (2.0)%
    - Booker                £3,865m              11.0%                 9.1%               11.1%             11.1%
  UK & ROI                 £24,993m              2.4%                  9.1%               2.7%              2.9%
  Central Europe            £1,905m              1.4%              0.3%                  (0.8)%             2.6%
 Retail                    £26,898m              2.3%              8.4%                   2.4%              2.9%
  Bank                       £433m                 -                    -                12.2%              12.2%
 Group                      £27,331m             2.3%              8.4%                   2.6%              3.0%
 Memo: Fuel                 £3,085m              50.1%             (11.3)%               49.3%              49.3%

Further information on sales performance is included in Appendices 1 to 3 (starting on page 70).

Adjusted operating profit4 performance:

                          Profit            Total change YoY                  Margin            Margin change YoY
                           £m          Actual rate   Constant rate              %           Actual rate   Constant rate
  UK & ROI               £1,318m         16.3%            16.5%               4.71%               +41bp        +40bp

  Central Europe          £68m           15.3%            18.6%               3.44%               +48bp        +47bp

 Retail                  £1,386m         16.3%            16.6%               4.62%               +41bp        +41bp

  Bank                    £72m          146.5%            146.5%              16.63%         +5,678bp        +5,678bp

 Group                   £1,458m         40.6%            41.0%               4.79%              +118bp       +118bp


Further information on operating profit performance is included in Note 2 (starting on page 25).

UK & ROI overview:

In the UK & Republic of Ireland (ROI), two-year like-for-like sales increased by 9.1% with all areas – UK, ROI and Booker –
making a strong contribution. One-year like-for-like sales grew by +2.4% driven by a sharp recovery in our Booker catering
business and growth in the UK business as we outperformed the rest of the market.

UK & ROI adjusted operating profit was £1,318m, up +16.5% at constant rates due to higher sales and lower COVID-19 costs
offset by the year-on-year effect of £(249)m UK Government business rates relief included in the prior year. In December
2020 we made the decision to forgo this relief, which was repaid in the second half of the prior year.

In the UK, we continue to incur COVID-19 related costs, which totalled £(122)m in the first half - significantly less than the
£(533)m costs incurred in the first half of last year. This year’s costs primarily related to colleague absence, maintaining a
safe environment in stores for colleagues and customers and additional costs in relation to elevated online sales. Our
best estimate remains for around £(220)m COVID-19 related costs to be incurred this year.

Operating margin was up 40 basis points versus last year at constant rates as the benefit from lower COVID-19 related
costs, a recovery in Booker catering and a greater participation in higher-margin non-food sales was partially offset by an
increase in margin-dilutive fuel sales and the impact of UK Government business rates relief in the prior year.


UK - continued strong performance with growth on top of exceptional sales last year:

In the UK, sales grew ahead of expectations and we outperformed the market as customer satisfaction improved across
all key areas. Two-year like-for-like sales grew by +8.9% driven by a strong customer proposition on top of the benefit of
customers continuing to eat more meals at home than prior to the pandemic.

One-year like-for-like sales were up +0.5% in the first quarter with a strong contribution from general merchandise and
clothing. Like-for-like sales accelerated in the second quarter to +2.0% as comparatives softened due to the easing of


                                                                   6
COVID-19 restrictions in the summer of 2020. As industry supply chains came under increasing pressure, we were able to
leverage our strong supplier relationships and distribution capability to maintain good levels of availability for customers,
contributing to our market outperformance. Events such as the delayed Euro 2020 Football Championship and ‘stay-
cations’ also contributed to our growth in the current year.

We continued to expand our value proposition and customers responded well, with our value perception improving by 170
basis points year-on-year. In April, we re-launched ‘Low Everyday Prices,’ offering unbeatable value on c.1,600 products
and giving customers the confidence that the core lines they buy will always be competitively priced. We rolled out
Clubcard Prices to Express stores in May and extended the range of promotions covered by the scheme to include meal
deals and other multi-product promotions. As a result, across all stores, Clubcard sales penetration increased by 14
percentage points year-on-year to 70%. In September, we added c.100 own-label products to Aldi Price Match, taking
the total to c.650. Overall, promotional participation was held at c.23% across the half as we prioritised those offers
which are most meaningful to customers.

Customers continued to shop less frequently and with considerably larger baskets than before the pandemic. As we
continued to prioritise the safety of our customers, large stores performed well with two-year like-for-like sales up 4.3%.

In our online business, two-year like-for-like sales were up +74.1% with over 700,000 more customers now shopping with
us compared to pre-pandemic levels. Online one-year like-for-like sales grew by 2.3% as we traded over the significant
ramp up in capacity last year and as customers gained confidence in returning to physical stores. Sales were supported
by the opening of 75 more Click & Collect locations and the re-opening of our Delivery Saver offering from April. We have
included the table below to aid understanding of our online performance:

                                    H1         One-year       Two-year
 Online performance
                                  2021/22       change         change
 LFL sales                                       +2.3%         +74.1%
 Orders per week                   1.27m         +12.4%        +69.0%
 Basket size £                      £94          (8.4)%        +2.9%
 Online % of UK total sales        14.6%        (0.1)%pts     +5.2%pts
 Delivery saver subscribers         668k          +13%          +34%
 C&C locations                      454           +24%          +38%

We opened our second Urban Fulfilment Centre (UFC) in Lakeside in May, which will have capacity at maturity to process
1,000 orders per day. We are encouraged by the performance of our first two UFCs, where pick rates are up to four times
higher than store-based picking. We expect to have five UFC’s operational by April next year with our third UFC in Bradford
due to open in January.

We are testing and learning from on-demand trials within our UK business including ‘Tesco Whoosh’ – our 60 minute
delivery service, which is already in over 50 Express stores, with more being added every week. This service offers 1,700
of our most popular products, including fresh food, everyday essentials and household products and is available 7am–
10pm, every day.

Convenience store two-year like-for-like sales were down (2.0)%, with a stronger performance at the end of the half as
footfall in our city centre Express stores continued to recover. One-year like-for-like convenience store sales were down
(5.0)%, as we traded over a particularly strong performance in neighbourhood locations last year. In May, we re-branded
the majority of our Metro stores as Express stores, reflecting that customers were principally using them to buy food for
that day.

Two-year like-for-like food sales increased by +8.7% including a benefit from customers eating more meals at home. On
a one-year basis, the effects of customer stockpiling last year resulted in a decline in food sales of (2.1)% in the first quarter
although this recovered to growth of +0.7% in the second quarter. Plant-based foods continue to grow strongly including
our Plant Chef products which grew by 52% as we made targeted price investments and further expanded our range. We
continue to innovate with exciting new products to inspire customers such as our Finest* meal kits – re-creating the
restaurant experience at home - and new ranges such as Beautifully Balanced – helping customers eat more of their ‘5-
a-day’ fruit and vegetable portions. General merchandise and clothing sales grew sharply due to increased demand versus
the prior year when customers were prioritising spend in essential categories. Having reappraised our non-food offer
through the pandemic, customers are now shopping it more frequently.

We rolled out soft plastic recycling facilities across all of our large UK stores and launched an innovative Reuse proposition
in ten stores as we continue to tackle plastic pollution. Over the Summer, our ‘Buy One to Help a Child’ campaign - during



                                                                7
which we gave a donation for every piece of fruit and vegetables purchased across our stores and online - enabling
FareShare to provide 3m meals-worth of food to help charities and community groups.

We are continuing to drive action on climate change in support of our net zero ambition, including new renewable
electricity generation projects, the continued roll out of EV charge points and sustainability-linked supply chain financing.
We have further strengthened our climate ambitions, accelerating our Group own operations net zero target to 2035 to
be in line with the UK and launching a new goal to be net zero across our entire value chain (i.e. including scope 3 emissions)
by 2050, aligned to a 1.5-degree pathway. We were delighted to be awarded the Prince of Wales’s Terra Carta Seal in
recognition of our commitment to and momentum towards a climate and Nature-positive future.

ROI - sales decline reflects exceptionally strong performance LY; two-year LFL sales +12.2%:

Two-year like-for-like sales in ROI grew by +12.2% with a strong performance across all categories and channels. One-
year like-for-like sales declined by (6.1)% in the first quarter reflecting the impact of stockpiling in the prior year which
was particularly marked due to earlier and stricter lockdown restrictions than in the UK. In the second quarter, one-
year like-for-like sales grew by +1.2% including the benefit of a strong clothing performance and seasonal events such as
Back to School, gardening and Father’s Day.

Our market-leading online business continued to perform exceptionally well with like-for-like sales growth of 74.8% on a
two-year basis and +10.8% on a one-year basis. Online sales now represent c.8% of total ROI sales.

We launched Clubcard Prices Events in April, giving our Clubcard customers access to exclusive deals. We also focused
on making shopping easier for customers, including rolling out ‘Scan As You Shop’ to all large stores.

In July, our shortened payment terms for over 200 of our small Irish food and drink suppliers were further extended until
February 2022.

BOOKER – sharp recovery in catering sales in the half:
                                                  Sales        LFL sales change
                                                   £m       One-year       Two-year
    Retail                                        2,392      (2.8)%         19.4%
       Retail exc. Tobacco                        1,354      (6.5)%         17.1%
       Tobacco                                    1,038       2.7%          22.5%
    Catering                                      1,352      54.4%         (11.6)%
       Catering exc. BFL                           802       37.5%         (11.6)%
       Best Food Logistics (BFL)                   550       89.3%           n/a
 Total Booker*                                    3,865      11.0%          9.1%
* Total Booker also include small business sales of £121m

Overall, two-year like-for-like sales growth in Booker was +9.1% driven by the expansion of our retail business. One-year
like-for-like growth of +11.0% was driven by a sharp recovery in demand from catering customers.

Two-year retail like-for-like sales were up +19.4% as we expanded our ranges and invested in price on key product lines.
One-year retail like-for-like sales were down (2.8)% reflecting an increase in the number of customers shopping closer to
home last year through the initial stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in tobacco sales reflects increased
domestic purchases due to the impact of travel restrictions on duty-free sales.

Two-year catering like-for-like sales fell by (11.6)% due to government restrictions in place at the beginning of the half. By
the end of the half, catering sales were ahead of pre-pandemic levels. One-year catering like-for-like sales increased by
+54.4% as we adapted our offer to support our hospitality customers as the sector re-opened for outdoor dining from
mid-April and for indoor dining from mid-May. The recovery in our catering sales was supported by great prices on key
volume lines and market-leading availability as we worked hard to minimise the impact of supply chain challenges due to
the shortage of HGV drivers and high numbers of colleagues required to isolate due to COVID-19 notifications. Excluding
Best Food Logistics, whose customers were mostly closed for part of last year, catering like-for-like sales grew by +37.5%.


CENTRAL EUROPE – growth across all markets in Q2 following easing of government restrictions:

Like-for-like sales increased by +0.3% on a two-year basis and by +1.4% on a one-year basis, driven by a strong
performance in Slovakia and Hungary. Trading conditions were more challenging in the Czech Republic, due to non-food
sales restrictions in the first quarter.



                                                                      8
All three markets delivered sales growth in the second quarter as customers returned to our large stores following the
lifting of COVID-19 restrictions which had encouraged shopping locally. We have market-leading online positions in
Slovakia and Hungary and have doubled the size of our total online business over two years.

Central Europe operating profit was £68m, up +18.6% at constant rates reflecting a strong sales performance, a reduction
in COVID-19 related costs and a prior year reduction in income caused by temporary mall closures. We incurred a charge
of £(16)m in relation to the retail sales tax in Hungary which was introduced in May 2020 – a year-on-year impact of £(6)m.

TESCO BANK - year-on-year profit increase reflecting prior year COVID-19 impact on potential bad debts:

                                                                         This year               Last year        YoY
 Revenue                                                                     £433m                £386m           12.2%
 Adjusted operating profit/ (loss)                                           £72m                £(155)m         146.5%
 Lending to customers                                                        £6.4bn               £7.3bn         (12.1)%
 Customer deposits                                                           £5.0bn               £6.6bn         (24.1)%
 Net interest margin*                                                         5.1%                 4.6%          0.5%pts
 Total capital ratio                                                         26.6%                24.3%          2.3%pts
*The prior period net interest margin has been restated from 5.0% to 4.6%.

Revenue grew by +12.2% reflecting the benefit of the full acquisition of Tesco Underwriting which completed in May.
Excluding Tesco Underwriting, revenue declined by (12.2)% principally due to a fall in income from unsecured lending. This
was driven by lower credit balances, largely due to lower levels of customer spending, particularly in the second half of
last year. We started to see a recovery in credit card spending through the period.

The gradual easing of lockdown measures in the first half drove an increase in ATM income, however the ongoing
uncertainty and restrictions on foreign travel continue to significantly impact travel money.

Tesco Bank adjusted operating profit was £72m, including a £12m contribution from Tesco Underwriting, which is fully
consolidated following its acquisition in May. The significant year-on-year change was due to last year’s increase in the
provision for potential bad debts driven by the expected macro-economic impact of COVID-19.

The Bank's balance sheet remains strong and we continue to have sufficient capital and liquidity to absorb changes in both
regulatory and funding requirements.

We introduced a number of new products and services for customers in the first half. In March, we launched a trial of
Clubcard Pay+ which is an account that comes with a debit card, and is designed to help shoppers pay, save and collect
Tesco Clubcard points. In March, we also expanded our offer with the re-launch of travel insurance. Since August, all new
and renewing Tesco Bank car and home insurance policies are now being underwritten by Tesco Underwriting following
the completion of its acquisition in May.

Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles in statutory operating profit:
                                                                                     This year       Last year
 Litigation costs                                                                    £(193)m          £(93)m
 Property transactions                                                                £21m             £(2)m
 Booker integration costs                                                                -             £(2)m
 UK - ATM business rates                                                                 -            £105m
 Asia licence fee income                                                              £19m               -
 Net impairment reversal of non-current assets                                        £37m               -
 Total exceptional items in statutory operating profit                               £(116)m           £8m
 Amortisation of acquired intangible assets                                          £(38)m           £(38)m
 Total exceptional items and amortisation of acquired
                                                                                     £(154)m          £(30)m
 intangibles in statutory operating profit

Exceptional items are excluded from our adjusted operating profit performance by virtue of their size and nature to best
reflect the underlying performance of the business. Total exceptional items in the half resulted in a charge of £(116)m,
compared to a credit of £8m in the prior year.

In September 2020, two claimant law firms issued proceedings against us in relation to the overstatement of expected
profit announced in 2014. These claims have now been settled and we have recognised an exceptional charge of
£(193)m, with £(105)m paid in July and therefore included in the first half cash flow statement. The remaining amount of



                                                                                9
£(88)m has been paid in the second half. Given that the legal timeframe for bringing a claim has now elapsed, no further
related claims can be brought by shareholders.

Following the sale of Homeplus for £4.2bn in 2015, we received legal claims from the purchasers. Although the majority
of the claims were dismissed, some findings of liability were made. On 17 September 2021, a Final Award to the
purchasers of £119m in damages, interest and costs was granted. Although not included in the table above as it relates
to discontinued operations, this has been recognised as an adjusting post balance sheet event, with an exceptional
charge increasing the provision held by £33m. The total cash payment of £119m will be made in the second half.

We received software licence fee income of £19m from services provided to CP Group following the sale of our businesses
in Asia.

During the period, the Group recognised a net impairment reversal of £37m. £24m of this related to the anticipated sale
of mall sites in Central Europe, recognised immediately prior to their reclassification as held for sale. The remaining net
reversal of £13m largely reflects normal fluctuations in store level performance, property fair values and changes in
discount rates, as well as any specific store closures.

Further detail on exceptional items can be found in Note 3, starting on page 37 of this statement.

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets is excluded from our headline performance measures. We incurred a charge
of £(38)m in the period, which primarily relates to our merger with Booker in March 2018, which resulted in the recognition
of goodwill of £3,093m and £755m of intangible assets.

Joint ventures and associates:

Our share of post-tax losses from joint ventures and associates was £(3)m, which includes losses related to our joint
venture in India partly offset by the profit generated from UK property joint ventures.

In the prior year, we recognised £13m of post-tax profit from joint ventures and associates, including a £10m contribution
from our Tesco Underwriting Ltd joint venture. The year-on-year change was principally due to profit from Tesco
Underwriting being recognised within Tesco Bank operating profit following its full acquisition in May.

Net finance costs:
                                                                         This year          Last year
 Net interest on medium term notes, loans and bonds                      £(104)m            £(102)m
 Other interest receivable and similar income                              £5m                £7m
 Other finance charges and interest payable                               £(21)m             £(9)m
 Finance charges payable on lease liabilities                            £(207)m            £(229)m
 Net finance costs before net pension finance costs and fair value
                                                                         £(327)m            £(333)m
 remeasurements of financial instruments
 Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments                       £180m             £(108)m
 Net pension finance costs                                                £(11)m             £(28)m
 Net finance costs                                                       £(158)m            £(469)m

Net interest on medium-term notes and bonds was £(104)m, up £(2)m year-on-year. A reduction in finance costs from
bond maturities, tenders and new debt issuances at lower rates of interest was more than offset in the first half by interest
payable on the £(453)m debt we acquired with the Tesco Property (No. 2) Partnership in September 2020. This transaction
brought twelve stores and two distribution centres back into full ownership, resulting in a £254m reduction in lease
liabilities. This contributed just under half of the £22m year-on-year reduction in finance charges payable on lease
liabilities shown above.

Net finance costs before net pension finance costs and fair value remeasurements of financial instruments were £(327)m,
broadly in line with last year.

A fair value remeasurement credit of £180m primarily related to the mark-to-market movement on inflation linked swaps,
driven by the impact of increased expected future inflation rates. These swaps eliminate the impact of future inflation on
the Group’s cash flow in relation to historical sale and leaseback property transactions.

Net pension finance costs of £(11)m decreased by £17m, primarily driven by a reduction in the pension deficit following the
£2.5bn one-off contribution made in the prior year from the proceeds from the sale of our businesses in Thailand and
Malaysia. We continue to expect net pension finance costs of £(23)m for the full-year.



                                                             10
In the second half, we will buy back our partner’s equity in the Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership property joint venture,
which will result in us bringing eleven stores back into full ownership. This will result in annual cash rental savings of
c.£30m and a c.£(0.3)bn increase in net debt, due to a c.£(0.7)bn impact on underlying net debt and a c.£0.4bn reduction
in lease liabilities. Following this transaction, we will have six UK property JV structures still in place, from a peak of 13
structures in 2015. These six remaining structures contain property worth £3.5bn and debt of £2.6bn, with £2.3bn of
associated lease liabilities on our balance sheet. The three largest of our remaining property JVs are with the Tesco
Pension fund. We continue to evaluate store buyback opportunities and use capital for this purpose where it is
economically attractive.

Further detail on finance income and costs can be found in Note 4 on page 39, as well as further detail on the exceptional
items in Note 3 on page 37.


Group tax:
                                                                                         This year                           Last year
  Tax on adjusted profit                                                                  £(294)m                             £(129)m
  Tax on exceptional items and amortisation of
                                                                                           £(19)m                             £(25)m
  acquired intangibles
  Tax on profit                                                                           £(313)m                             £(154)m


Tax on adjusted Group profit was £(294)m, £(165)m higher than last year, primarily reflecting higher levels of retail operating
profit. Following the decision to increase headline corporation tax rates in the UK from April 2023 from 19% to 25%, we
also recognised a one-off charge in the first half related to the revaluation of our deferred tax.

The effective tax rate on adjusted Group profit was 22.7%, higher than the current UK statutory rate of 19%, primarily due
to depreciation of assets which do not qualify for tax relief. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of c.23% for the
current financial year. Following the increase in the UK corporation tax rate expected in 2023, we forecast our effective
tax rate to increase to between 26% - 27% over the medium-term.


Earnings per share:
                                                                                              This year                  Last year
  Adjusted diluted EPS                                                                          11.22p                     7.29p
  Statutory diluted earnings per share                                                         10.70p                     4.06p
  Statutory basic earnings per share                                                           10.80p                      4.07p
The share base used in adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is restated to capture the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia,
as if it took place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year. As such, this metric is presented on a basis other than in accordance with IAS33. Please see page 65 for a reconciliation to diluted
adjusted EPS.


Adjusted diluted EPS was 11.22p (LY: 7.29p), 54.0% higher year-on-year driven by higher profits, as discussed above.

Statutory diluted earnings per share was 10.70p (LY: 4.06p) +163.5% higher year-on-year as the recovery in operating profit
more than offset the associated higher tax charge and higher exceptional items and reflecting the share consolidation
which took place in February, following the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia and associated payment of a
£5bn special dividend.


Dividend:

The interim dividend has been set at 3.20 pence per ordinary share, in line with the prior year and aligned to our policy of
setting the interim dividend at 35% of the prior year full-year dividend. The interim dividend was approved by the Board
of Directors on 5 October 2021. It is our intention to pay a progressive dividend going forward – i.e. we will aim to grow
the dividend per share each year, broadly targeting a pay-out of around 50% of earnings.

The interim dividend will be paid on 26 November 2021 to shareholders who are on the register of members at close of
business on 15 October 2021 (the Record Date). Shareholders may elect to reinvest their dividend in the Dividend
Reinvestment Plan (DRIP). The last date for receipt of DRIP elections and revocations will be 5 November 2021.




                                                                                                11
Summary of total indebtedness:

                                                                Aug-21            Feb-21          Movement
 Underlying net debt (excludes Tesco Bank)                    £(2,005)m          £(3,449)m          £1,444m
 Lease liabilities                                             £(8,217)m         £(8,506)m          £289m
 Net debt                                                     £(10,222)m        £(11,955)m          £1,733m
 Pension deficit, IAS 19 basis (post-tax)                       £(455)m          £(1,004)m          £549m
 Total indebtedness                                           £(10,677)m        £(12,959)m         £2,282m

 Net debt / EBITDA                                                   2.7x           3.3x
 Total indebtedness ratio                                            2.8x           3.6x

Total indebtedness at the end of the first half was £(10,677)m, down £2.3bn since the year-end primarily driven by a
reduction in underlying net debt from strong free cash flow generation, net of dividends paid as well as a reduction in the
IAS 19 pension deficit.

Lease liabilities were £(8,217)m, down by £289m since the year-end, reflecting the de-recognition of leased assets in our
Polish business which we disposed of in March. On a continuing operations basis, lease liabilities were broadly in nline
with the year-end as rental payments were offset by additions and lease renewals and extensions.

The IAS 19 pension deficit (post-tax) was £(455)m at the end of the first half, reducing from £(1,004)m in February due to a
significant increase in pension assets due to a fall in index linked gilt yields and strong equity markets. This increase in
assets was only partially offset by an increase in liabilities driven by a fall in corporate bond discount rates as well as a rise
in long-term inflation rates. The accounting deficit does not drive contributions to the schemes. The next triennial
valuation is on 31 March 2022.

We had a total of £3.3bn of cash liquidity available at the end of the first half. We recently extended our £2.5bn revolving
credit facility by one-year, which we put in place in September last year for a three-year period and we have the option
to extend this for a further year. The rate of interest payable on this facility is linked to three of our ESG commitments.
As we delivered these ESG targets last year, we secured the corresponding margin reduction in the half. We continue to
optimise our debt portfolio and earlier this week, we pre-paid £375m of debt which carried a high rate of interest
generating an initial annual saving of £19m.

Our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.7 times, compared to 3.3 times at the prior year-end, reflecting a reduction in
underlying net debt as a result of continued strong free cash flow generation and an increase in retail EBITDA as operating
profits recover following the adverse impact from COVID-19 in the prior year. The total indebtedness ratio was 2.8 times,
compared to 3.6 times at the prior year end.

Fixed charge cover was 3.1 times at the end of the first half, up from 2.9 times at the prior year-end, driven by a reduction
in net finance costs, lease interest payments, principal lease payments and by a recovery in retail EBITDA.




                                                                12
Summary retail cash flow:

To provide a better view of operational cash performance, we have updated our definition of our retail free cash flow
APM to exclude cashflows related to acquisitions & disposals, property transactions and exceptional cash items. We will
continue to fully disclose these lines but they will not form part of the retail free cash flow headline APM going forward.

The following table reconciles Group adjusted operating profit to retail free cash flow. Further details are included in
Note 2, starting on page 25.
                                                                         This year           Last year
 Adjusted operating profit                                                £1,458m            £1,037m
 Less: Tesco Bank operating profit / (loss) before exceptional items       £(72)m             £155m
 Retail adjusted operating profit                                         £1,386m            £1,192m
 Add back: Depreciation and amortisation                                   £787m              £802m
 Other reconciling items                                                   £21m               £(28)m
 Pension deficit contribution                                              £(11)m             £(161)m
 Decrease in working capital                                              £556m               £170m
 Retail cash generated from operations before exceptional items          £2,739m             £1,975m
 Cash capex                                                               £(495)m            £(369)m
 Net interest                                                             £(314)m            £(319)m
     - Interest related to net debt (exc. lease liabilities)              £(107)m             £(91)m
     - Interest related to lease liabilities                              £(207)m            £(228)m
 Tax paid                                                                 £(49)m             £(125)m
 Dividends received                                                         £3m                £6m
 Repayments of obligations under leases                                   £(286)m            £(292)m
 Market purchases of shares (net of proceeds)                             £(55)m              £(79)m
 Retail free cash flow                                                    £1,543m             £797m
 Memo:
 Acquisitions & disposals                                                  £117m                  -
 Property proceeds & purchases                                             £72m               £(116)m
 Exceptional cash items                                                   £(107)m             £(127)m

Retail free cash flow increased by £746m year-on-year to £1,543m, driven by higher retail operating profits, a reduction
in the pension contribution and a working capital phasing benefit partially offset by higher capex spend.

Following a £2.5bn one-off contribution towards the pension deficit in the prior year using the proceeds from the sale of
our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia, UK pension contributions were eliminated. The pension outflow of £(11)m in the
first half mainly relates to our scheme in Booker. We expect an annual benefit of c.£260m in retail free cash flow as a
result of lower pension deficit contributions.

Our total working capital inflow was £556m, driven mainly by a significant recovery in fuel sales and the recovery of
Booker’s catering business on top of the usual Booker seasonal sales peak. We expect a total working capital unwind of
around £400m in the second half, as this seasonal benefit reverses and based on our expectation that some of the
elevated sales we have seen in the first half in the UK fall away.

Cash capex increased by £(126)m year-on-year including an impact from delayed store development in the prior year as a
result of COVID-19.

Interest paid related to net debt (exc. lease liabilities) of £(107)m was £(16)m higher year-on-year as the benefit of bond
buybacks and refinancing at lower rates of interest was more than offset by the impact of borrowings acquired as part of
The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited Partnership from September 2020. Interest paid related to lease liabilities decreased
by £21m year-on-year primarily due to a corresponding reduction in the total lease liability.

Cash tax paid in the half was £(49)m, compared to £(125)m last year. The reduction in cash tax paid reflects the utilisation
of prior-year tax losses and a benefit from the super-deduction allowance on certain capital investments, which was
introduced in the Chancellor’s budget in March 2021. We continue to receive tax relief in relation to the £2.5bn one-off
pension contribution made in the prior year. This amounted to £60m in the half, in line with last year, and is expected to
total £120m for the full-year.

We purchased £(55)m of shares in the market to offset the dilution from the issuance of new shares to satisfy the
requirements of share schemes. This was £24m lower than the prior year due to a reduced volume of share scheme
maturities this year.

                                                               13
As described above, cashflows related to acquisitions & disposals, property transactions and exceptional cash items are
now excluded from our simplified definition of free cash flow.

The inflow from acquisitions in the half totalled £117m as we recognised proceeds from the sale of our business in Poland
to Salling Group A/S, which completed in March.

We generated a net £72m from property transactions in the half. This included property proceeds of £109m, up £77m
year-on-year, primarily from the sale of properties in Poland which were not sold as part of the corporate transaction.
We also bought back one Extra store in Bury for £(37)m.

The outflow from exceptional cash items was £(107)m, of which £(105)m related to the settlement of shareholder litigation
claims during the period, as mentioned above.


Capital expenditure and space:

                                                            UK & ROI                    Central Europe                       Tesco Bank                              Group
                                                  This year        Last year         This year        Last year        This year        Last year         This year         Last year
 Capital expenditure                               £404m            £310m              £25m             £39m             £19m             £25m             £448m             £374m
 Openings (k sq ft)                                    72                9               14                13                -                -               86                22
 Closures (k sq ft)                                  (60)               (4)             (15)              (10)               -                -               (75)             (14)
 Repurposed (k sq ft)                                  -                 1                5               (51)               -                -                5               (50)
 Net space change (k sq ft)                            12                6                4              (48)               -                 -                16              (42)

‘Retail Selling Space’ is defined as net space in store adjusted to exclude checkouts, space behind checkouts, customer service desks and customer toilets. Appendix 5 (p.73) provides a full
breakdown of space by segment.

Capital expenditure shown in the table above reflects expenditure on ongoing business activities across the Group.

Our capital expenditure for the half was £448m, £74m higher year-on-year, primarily due to higher spend on in-store
maintenance and the opening of new stores. We expect full year capital expenditure to be in line with our £0.9bn to £1.2bn
guidance range.

Statutory capital expenditure of £485m includes £37m relating to the buyback of one UK Extra store in Bury.

Further details of current and forecast space can be found in Appendix 5 starting on page 72.


Contacts:

Investor Relations:                                               Chris Griffith                                      01707 940 900
                                                                  Sarah Titterington                                  01707 940 693
Media:                                                            Christine Heffernan                                 0330 678 0639
                                                                  Nick Claydon, Teneo                                 07974 982 547


This document is available at www.tescoplc.com/interims2021

A webcast including a live Q&A will be held today at 9.00am for investors and analysts and will be available on our website
at www.tescoplc.com/interims2021. This will be available for playback after the event. All presentation materials,
including a transcript, will be made available on our website.

We will report our Q3 and Christmas Trading statement on Thursday 13 January 2022.




                                                                                               14
Additional Disclosures.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties.

As with any business, effective risk management and controls are critical to successfully achieving the Group's strategy.
Tesco has an established risk management process to identify, assess and monitor the principal risks faced by the
business. A robust review of those risks that the Group believe could seriously affect its performance, future prospects,
reputation or its ability to deliver against its priorities, is performed on a regular basis. This review includes an
assessment of emerging and principal risks we believe would threaten the Group’s business model, future performance,
solvency or liquidity. The Tesco Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal controls within the
context of achieving the Group's objectives. At the Group level each principal risk has an Executive Owner. The Group
Chief Executive has overall accountability for the control and management of risk.

The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group remain those as set out on pages 31 to 37 of our Annual Report
and Financial Statements 2021: Brexit; COVID-19; data security and data privacy; health and safety; climate change;
responsible sourcing and supply chain; competition and markets; transformation; political, regulatory and compliance;
technology; people; customer; brand, reputation and trust; Tesco Bank; and liquidity. There have been no significant
changes to the description of the principal risks, key controls and mitigating factors currently expected for the
remaining six months of the year.


Statement of Directors' Responsibilities.
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Interim Results for the 26 week period ended 28 August 2021 in accordance
with applicable law, regulations and accounting standards. Each of the Directors confirm that to the best of their
knowledge the condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34:
‘Interim Financial Reporting’, as adopted by the European Union and that the interim management report includes a true
and fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.7R and DTR 4.2.8R, namely:

    •   an indication of the important events that have occurred during the first 26 weeks of the financial year and their
        impact on the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, and a description of the principal risks and
        uncertainties for the remainder of the financial year; and

    •   material related party transactions in the first 26 weeks of the year and any material changes in the related party
        transactions described in the last annual report.

The Directors of Tesco PLC are listed on pages 42 to 46 of the Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021. As
previously announced, Alan Stewart retired as Chief Financial Officer on 30 April 2021 and was succeeded by Imran Nawaz.

A list of current directors is maintained on the Tesco PLC website at: www.tescoplc.com.

By order of the Board

Directors
John Allan - Non-executive Chairman
Ken Murphy – Group Chief Executive Officer
Imran Nawaz - Chief Financial Officer
Melissa Bethell*
Bertrand Bodson*
Thierry Garnier*
Stewart Gilliland*
Steve Golsby*
Byron Grote*
Simon Patterson*
Alison Platt*
Lindsey Pownall*
Karen Whitworth*

*Non-executive Directors

Robert Welch, Company Secretary
5 October 2021
This announcement contains inside information which is disclosed in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulations.

                                                            15
Disclaimer.
Certain statements made in this document are forward-looking statements. For example, statements regarding expected
revenue growth and operating margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such
as "aim", "plan", "intend", “should”, "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar
expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are based on current
expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important
factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by those statements.
Many factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Tesco to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
actual results, performance or achievements of Tesco to differ materially from the expectations of Tesco include, among other
things, general business and economic conditions globally, industry trends, competition, changes in government and other
regulation and policy, including in relation to the environment, health and safety and taxation, labour relations and work
stoppages, interest rates and currency fluctuations, changes in its business strategy, political and economic uncertainty,
including as a result of global pandemics. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. Any
forward-looking statement is based on information available to Tesco as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-
looking statements attributable to Tesco are qualified by this caution. Other than in accordance with legal and regulatory
obligations, Tesco undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.




                                                                 16
Group income statement


                                                                       26 weeks ended                          26 weeks ended
                                                                       28 August 2021                          29 August 2020
                                                             Before    Exceptional                        Before Exceptional
                                                        exceptional      items and                   exceptional   items and
                                                          items and amortisation of                    items and amortisation
                                                       amortisation       acquired                  amortisation of acquired
                                                        of acquired     intangibles                  of acquired  intangibles
                                                         intangibles       (Note 3)           Total   intangibles    (Note 3)      Total
                                                 Notes           £m             £m              £m            £m          £m         £m
Continuing operations
Revenue                                            2         30,416                  -    30,416         28,718             -    28,718
Cost of sales                                               (27,972)               24     (27,948)      (26,550)         103     (26,447)
Impairment loss on financial assets                2            (20)                 -          (20)       (264)            -      (264)
Gross profit                                                  2,424                24      2,448          1,904           103     2,007
Administrative expenses                                        (966)              (178)       (1,144)      (867)         (133)    (1,000)
Operating profit/(loss)                                       1,458              (154)        1,304       1,037          (30)     1,007
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint                      (3)                 -            (3)         13            -         13
ventures and associates
Finance income                                     4              5                  -            5            7            -          7
Finance costs                                      4           (163)                 -         (163)       (476)            -       (476)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                      1,297              (154)        1,143         581          (30)        551
Taxation                                           5           (294)               (19)        (313)        (129)        (25)       (154)
Profit/(loss) for the period from continuing                  1,003              (173)         830          452          (55)       397
operations
Discontinued operations
Profit/(loss) for the period from discontinued     6             (5)              (44)          (49)        192         (124)        68
operations
Profit/(loss) for the period                                   998               (217)          781         644          (179)      465


Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                            998               (217)         781         639          (179)      460
Non-controlling interests                                         -                  -             -           5            -          5
                                                               998               (217)          781         644          (179)      465


Earnings/(losses) per share from continuing
and discontinued operations
Basic                                              8                                       10.16p                                 4.72p
Diluted                                            8                                      10.07p                                   4.71p


Earnings/(losses) per share from continuing
operations
Basic                                              8                                      10.80p                                  4.07p
Diluted                                            8                                      10.70p                                  4.06p


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                       17
Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)



                                                                                                                26 weeks    26 weeks
                                                                                                                    2021        2020
                                                                                                        Notes        £m           £m
Items that will not be reclassified to the Group income statement
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension schemes                                                        20          646       (1,112)
Net fair value gains/(losses) on inventory cash flow hedges                                                           80         (18)
Tax on items that will not be reclassified                                                                           (64)        288
                                                                                                                     662        (842)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to the Group income statement
Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                             (2)         (2)
Currency translation differences:
  Retranslation of net assets of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net of hedging
   instruments                                                                                                        13         (67)
  Movements in foreign exchange reserve and net investment hedging on subsidiary disposed,
  reclassified and reported in the Group income statement                                                             66            -
Gains/(losses) on other cash flow hedges:
  Net fair value gains/(losses)                                                                                       42           41
  Reclassified and reported in the Group income statement                                                            (16)        (40)
Tax on items that may be reclassified                                                                                (34)         (3)
                                                                                                                      69         (71)
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                                               731        (913)
Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                                         781         465
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                                                    1,512      (448)


Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                                                1,512       (453)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                              -            5
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                                                    1,512      (448)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent arising from:
Continuing operations                                                                                              1,495        (439)
Discontinued operations                                                                                                17        (14)
                                                                                                                    1,512       (453)


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                     18
Group balance sheet

                                                                                                             28 August          27 February      29 August
                                                                                                                  2021                 2021         2020*
                                                                                                Notes              £m                   £m             £m
Non-current assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                               9              5,389               5,393          5,742
Property, plant and equipment                                                                     10             16,794               17,211        16,560
Right of use assets                                                                               11              5,809               5,951          6,150
Investment property                                                                                                   91                  19             19
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                          84                 178            178
Other investments*                                                                                13               1,218                 763           836
Trade and other receivables                                                                                          257                 170           254
Loans and advances to customers and banks                                                                         3,169               3,309          3,655
Reinsurance assets                                                                                16                205                    -              -
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                  1,664                1,425          1,113
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                 270                  552           627
                                                                                                                34,950               34,971         35,134
Current assets
Other investments*                                                                                13                348                  178              26
Inventories                                                                                       14              2,223              2,069            2,254
Trade and other receivables                                                                                        1,149              1,263            1,416
Loans and advances to customers and banks                                                                         3,287              3,093           3,630
Reinsurance assets                                                                                16                  52                   -               -
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                      44                  37            284
Current tax assets                                                                                                    44                  41              55
Short-term investments                                                                            15              2,331                1,011            942
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         15              2,219               2,510           4,124
                                                                                                                 11,697             10,202           12,731
Assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                   6                  447                605           5,199
                                                                                                                 12,144             10,807          17,930
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                          (8,889)            (8,399)         (8,297)
Borrowings                                                                                        18               (1,220)           (1,080)        (2,209)
Lease liabilities                                                                                 11                 (557)              (575)          (557)
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                         (31)             (81)          (166)
Customer deposits and deposits from banks                                                                         (4,587)             (5,321)       (5,599)
Insurance contract provisions                                                                     16                  (190)                 -               -
Current tax liabilities                                                                                               (142)              (79)          (246)
Provisions                                                                                                           (336)              (186)           (198)
                                                                                                                (15,952)            (15,721)       (17,272)
Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held for sale                                     6                     (22)            (276)       (2,098)
Net current liabilities                                                                                          (3,830)             (5,190)        (1,440)
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                              (219)             (109)          (100)
Borrowings                                                                                        18              (6,130)            (6,188)         (6,527)
Lease liabilities                                                                                 11              (7,670)            (7,827)         (8,199)
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                     (986)             (926)           (957)
Customer deposits and deposits from banks                                                                          (1,573)            (1,017)        (1,538)
Insurance contract provisions                                                                     16                 (465)                   -             -
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                               20                 (580)           (1,222)        (4,043)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                               (51)              (48)           (43)
Provisions                                                                                                            (110)              (119)          (90)
                                                                                                                (17,784)           (17,456)        (21,497)
Net assets                                                                                                       13,336              12,325          12,197
Equity
Share capital                                                                                     22                490                490             490
Share premium                                                                                                      5,165              5,165          5,165
All other reserves                                                                                                3,309               3,183          3,570
Retained earnings                                                                                                 4,390              3,505           2,989
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                                                      13,354             12,343          12,214
Non-controlling interests                                                                                            (18)               (18)            (17)
Total equity                                                                                                     13,336             12,325          12,197
* Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the prior year restatement and changes in presentation of the balance sheet.


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.

These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 were approved by the Board
on 5 October 2021.

                                                                               19
Group statement of changes in equity


                                                                 All other reserves

                                                     Capital                                  Own                                           Non-
                                Share     Share redemption     Hedging      Translation     shares       Merger     Retained           controlling      Total
                               capital premium      reserve    reserve         reserve        held      reserve     earnings     Total  interests      equity
                                  £m        £m          £m         £m               £m         £m           £m            £m       £m          £m         £m

At 27 February 2021              490     5,165           16        90               175      (188)      3,090         3,505    12,343         (18)     12,325

Profit/(loss) for the period        -         -           -             -               -           -           -        781       781             -      781
Other comprehensive
income/(loss)
Retranslation of net assets        -         -            -          -               13         -            -             -        13          -          13
of overseas subsidiaries,
joint ventures and
associates, net of hedging
instruments
Movements in foreign               -         -            -          -              66          -            -             -       66           -         66
exchange reserve and net
investment hedging on
subsidiary disposed,
reclassified and reported
in the Group income
statement (Note 6)
Change in fair value of            -         -            -         -               -          -            -            (2)       (2)         -           (2)
financial assets at fair
value through other
comprehensive income
Remeasurements of                  -         -            -         -               -          -            -          646       646           -         646
defined benefit pension
schemes
Gains/(losses) on cash flow        -         -            -       122               -          -            -             -       122          -          122
hedges
Cash flow hedges                   -         -            -       (16)              -          -            -             -       (16)         -          (16)
reclassified and reported
in the Group income
statement
Tax relating to components         -         -            -      (34)               -          -            -          (64)      (98)          -         (98)
of other comprehensive
income

Total other                        -         -            -        72               79         -            -          580       731           -         731
comprehensive
income/(loss)

Total comprehensive                -         -            -        72               79         -            -         1,361     1,512          -        1,512
income/(loss)

Inventory cash flow hedge
movements

Gains/(losses) transferred         -         -            -      (20)               -          -            -             -      (20)          -         (20)
to the cost of inventory

Tax on gains/(losses)              -         -            -         7               -          -            -             -         7          -            7
transferred

Total inventory cash flow          -         -            -      (13)               -          -            -             -      (13)          -         (13)
hedge movements

Transactions with owners
Purchase of own shares             -         -            -         -               -       (109)           -             -     (109)          -        (109)
Share–based payments               -         -            -         -               -         97            -           (18)      79           -          79
Dividends (Note 7)                 -         -            -         -               -          -            -         (458)     (458)          -        (458)

Total transactions with            -         -            -         -               -        (12)           -         (476)     (488)          -        (488)
owners

At 28 August 2021                490     5,165          16       149               254      (200)       3,090        4,390     13,354        (18)      13,336


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                              20
Group statement of changes in equity continued
                                                                       All other reserves

                                                   Capital   Cost of                         Own                                             Non-
                              Share     Share redemption     hedging   Hedging Translation shares        Merger   Retained              controlling     Total
                             capital premium      reserve    reserve   reserve    reserve    held       reserve   earnings     Total     interests     equity
                                £m        £m          £m         £m        £m          £m     £m            £m          £m       £m             £m        £m

At 29 February 2020           490      5,165           16      (15)       154         663       (250)   3,090      4,078 13,391               (22)    13,369

Profit/(loss) for the            -         -            -         -            -            -       -        -       460       460               5      465
period
Other comprehensive
income/(loss)
Retranslation of net             -          -           -         -            -      (67)         -         -           -      (67)             -       (67)
assets of overseas
subsidiaries, joint
ventures and associates,
net of hedging
instruments
Movements in foreign             -          -           -         -            -            -      -         -           -         -             -          -
exchange reserve and net
investment hedging on
subsidiary disposed,
reclassified and reported
in the Group income
statement (Note 6)
Change in fair value of          -          -           -         -            -            -      -         -         (2)       (2)             -        (2)
financial assets at fair
value through other
comprehensive income
Remeasurements of                -          -           -         -            -            -      -         -      (1,112)   (1,112)            -     (1,112)
defined benefit pension
schemes
Gains/(losses) on cash           -          -           -        (4)       27               -      -         -                   23              -        23
flow hedges
Cash flow hedges                 -          -           -         -      (40)               -      -         -           -     (40)              -      (40)
reclassified and reported
in the Group income
statement
Tax relating to                  -          -           -          1          (1)           -      -         -        285       285              -       285
components of other
comprehensive income

Total other                      -         -            -        (3)     (14)         (67)         -         -      (829)     (913)              -     (913)
comprehensive
income/(loss)

Total comprehensive              -         -            -        (3)     (14)         (67)         -         -      (369)     (453)             5      (448)
income/(loss)

Inventory cash flow
hedge movements

Gains/(losses) transferred       -          -           -         -       (28)              -      -         -           -      (28)             -       (28)
to the cost of inventory

Tax on gains/(losses)            -          -           -         -            4            -      -         -           -         4             -          4
transferred

Total inventory cash flow        -         -            -         -       (24)              -      -         -           -      (24)             -       (24)
hedge movements

Transactions with owners
Purchase of own shares           -          -           -         -            -            -   (219)        -                 (219)             -      (219)
Share–based payments             -          -           -         -            -            -    239         -        (86)      153              -       153
Dividends (Note 7)               -          -           -         -            -            -      -         -       (634)     (634)             -      (634)

Total transactions with          -         -            -         -            -            -     20         -       (720)    (700)              -      (700)
owners

At 29 August 2020             490      5,165           16       (18)      116         596       (230)   3,090      2,989 12,214                (17)   12,197


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.



                                                                         21
Group cash flow statement



                                                                                                                     26 weeks    26 weeks
                                                                                                                         2021       2020(a)
                                                                                                             Notes        £m          £m
Cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities
Operating profit/(loss) of continuing operations                                                                        1,304       1,007
Operating profit/(loss) of discontinued operations                                                                       (55)          95
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                            856          889
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets and               (20)         (32)
assets classified as held for sale and early termination of leases
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of joint ventures and associates                                                23          (10)           -
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of subsidiaries                                                                 6            26            -
Transaction costs associated with sale of subsidiaries                                                                      -          30
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property, plant and equipment, right of use assets, intangible assets                  (36)          53
and investment property
Net remeasurement (gain)/loss on non-current assets held for sale                                                          (5)           -
Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions charge                                                                          6            -
Other defined benefit pension scheme payments                                                                 20          (11)        (161)
Share-based payments                                                                                                       26           15
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in operating profit/(loss)                                                        19         259
          Retail (increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                     (155)        (172)
          Retail (increase)/decrease in development stock                                                                   -            1
          Retail (increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                        28         (21)
          Retail increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                         634          201
          Retail increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                        142          64
Retail (increase)/decrease in working capital                                                                            649            73
          Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in loans and advances to customers and banks                                    (46)        (145)
          Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in trade, insurance, and other receivables                                        (7)        (76)
          Tesco Bank increase/(decrease) in customer and bank deposits, trade, insurance, and other                      (217)        107
          payables
          Tesco Bank increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                    (11)        (16)

Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in working capital                                                                        (281)       (130)
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                                               2,468        2,098
Interest paid                                                                                                           (318)        (351)
Corporation tax paid                                                                                                     (52)        (147)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                                 2,098        1,600
(a)
      Refer to footnotes on the next page.


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                       22
Group cash flow statement continued



                                                                                                             26 weeks    26 weeks
                                                                                                                 2021      2020(a)
                                                                                                     Notes        £m          £m
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                          2,098        1,600
Cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets and                   109           83
assets classified as held for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                                (453)        (537)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                    (100)         (89)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                        6           169          (26)
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                     23          (81)           15
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                  -            (1)
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                       (8)          (11)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term investments                                              (1,320)         134
Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                                                         51          202
Purchase of other investments(b)                                                                                  (44)            -
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                              13            12
Interest received                                                                                                   2             5
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                                         (1,662)        (213)
Cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities
Own shares purchased                                                                                              (55)         (79)
Repayments of capital element of obligations under leases                                                        (288)        (321)
Increase in borrowings                                                                                              -          448
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                           (47)        (287)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                                             247          334
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments             (b)
                                                                                                                 (286)       (558)
Dividends paid to equity owners                                                                        7         (484)       (634)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                                           (913)      (1,097)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                             (477)        290
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                         1,971       3,031
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                            60          (21)
Cash and cash equivalents including cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups at the end of the               1,554       3,300
period
Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                           6             -        (546)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                    15        1,554        2,754
(a)
      Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the prior period restatement.
(b)
      Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the primary financial statements presentation.


The notes on pages 24 to 61 form part of this condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                   23
Note 1 Basis of preparation

These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance
and Transparency Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, and with IAS 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ under UK-adopted
international accounting standards. Unless otherwise stated, the accounting policies applied, and the judgements, estimates and
assumptions made in applying these policies, are consistent with those used in preparing the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021.
The financial period represents the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 (prior financial period 26 weeks ended 29 August 2020, prior financial
year 52 weeks ended 27 February 2021).

These condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the current period and prior financial periods do not constitute statutory
accounts as defined in section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. A copy of the statutory accounts for the prior financial year has been filed
with the Registrar of Companies. The auditor’s report on those accounts was not qualified, did not include a reference to any matters to
which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report and did not contain statements under section 498(2) or
(3) of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors consider that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and have
concluded that there are no material uncertainties relating to going concern. The Directors have therefore continued to adopt the going
concern basis in preparing the condensed consolidated interim financial statements. Further information on the Group’s strong liquidity
position is given in the Group review of performance, Summary of total indebtedness section.
Prior period restatement
Consistent with the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021, the condensed consolidated interim financial statements include a prior
period restatement for the 26 weeks ended 29 August 2020 in relation to notional cash pooling arrangements where the intention to net
settle cannot be clearly demonstrated.
The Group has corrected prior period comparatives by grossing up cash and overdraft balances that had previously been offset on the
balance sheet. The impact on the 29 August 2020 balance sheet is an increase in both cash and overdraft balances of £918m. All overdrafts
including those subject to cash pooling arrangements are considered an integral part of the Group’s cash management and so the cash flow
statement has been restated to include all overdrafts in cash and cash equivalents on the cash flow statement. Previously, only overdrafts
that were offset on the balance sheet were also included within cash and cash equivalents on the cash flow statement. The impact on the
29 August 2020 cash flow statement is to decrease cash and cash equivalent balances at the beginning of the period and at the end of the
period by £377m and £452m respectively. There is no impact on the comparative period income statement, net debt or Total indebtedness.

Primary financial statements presentation
‘Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income’ and ‘Investment securities at amortised cost’ are now reported in ‘Other
investments’ on the balance sheet, with further detail given in Note 13.

On 4 May 2021, the Group acquired control over Tesco Underwriting Limited, an insurance business which was previously a joint venture. The
following new line items are added to the balance sheet: ‘Reinsurance assets’ and ‘Insurance contract provisions’. In the income statement,
gross insurance income is reported within ‘Revenue’ and insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers and net insurance claims are
reported within ‘Cost of sales’. Further detail is given in Note 16.
Cash inflows and outflows on other investments and derivative financial instruments previously presented on a net basis in the Group cash
flow statement have been reassessed and are now reported separately, including for prior periods. Comparative net (investments
in)/proceeds from sale of other investments of £202m are presented on a gross basis as proceeds from sale of other investments of £202m
and purchase of other investments of £nil. Comparative net cash flows from derivative financial instruments of £(224)m are presented on a
gross basis as cash inflows from derivative financial instruments of £334m and cash outflows from derivative financial instruments of
£(558)m. There is no impact on net cash generated from operating, investing, or financing activities, and no impact on net debt or Total
indebtedness.
Accounting policies
The Group has applied the following accounting policies in relation to the Tesco Underwriting insurance business:
Insurance income
Gross written premiums comprise premiums on contracts entered into during the year, irrespective of whether they relate in whole or in
part to a later accounting period, and exclude tax and levies. An estimate is made at the balance sheet date to recognise retrospective
adjustments to premiums. The earned portion of premiums received is recognised as revenue. Premiums are earned from the date of
attachment of risk, over the indemnity period, based on the pattern of risks underwritten.

Net insurance claims
Claims and claims handling expenses are recognised as incurred, based on the estimated cost of settling all liabilities arising on events
occurring up to the balance sheet date.

Classification of insurance contracts
Contracts under which the Group accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the
policyholder or other beneficiary if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder or other
beneficiary are classified as insurance contracts. These contracts remain insurance contracts until all rights and obligations are extinguished
or expire. Insurance contracts may also transfer some financial risk.
Reinsurance

The Group cedes reinsurance in the normal course of business for the purpose of limiting its net loss potential through the diversification of
its risks. Reinsurance arrangements, including quota share, excess of loss and adverse development cover contracts, do not relieve the
Group from its direct obligations to its policyholders. Only contracts that give rise to a significant transfer of insurance risk are accounted
for as reinsurance contracts. Amounts recoverable under such contracts are generally recognised in the same year as the related claim.
Contracts that do not transfer significant insurance risk (i.e. financial reinsurance) are accounted for as financial instruments.



                                                                      24
Note 1 Basis of preparation continued

Reinsurance assets include balances due from reinsurance companies for reinsurance claims. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are
estimated in a manner consistent with the outstanding claims provision or settled claims associated with the reinsured policy. The earned
portion of reinsurance premiums (insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers) is recognised as reinsurance premium expense, and the
provision for unearned reinsurance premiums comprises the element of reinsurance premiums relating to services to be received in future
years. Amounts recoverable under reinsurance contracts are assessed for impairment at each year end date. Such assets are deemed
impaired if there is objective evidence, as a result of an event that occurred after initial recognition, that the Group may not recover all
amounts due and that the event has a reliably measurable impact on the amounts that the Group will receive from the reinsurer.
Provision for outstanding claims
The provision for outstanding claims represents the Group’s estimate of the ultimate cost of settling all claims incurred but unpaid at the
reporting date whether reported or not, and related internal and external claims handling expenses. Claims outstanding are assessed by
reviewing individual claims data and making an allowance for claims incurred but not yet reported, adjusted for the effect of both internal
and external foreseeable events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, inflation, judicial trends, legislative changes and past
experience and trends. Reinsurance and other recoveries are assessed in a manner similar to the claims outstanding and presented
separately as assets.
Unearned premium and unexpired risk provision
The provision for unearned premiums comprises the proportion of gross premiums written which is estimated to be earned in the following
or subsequent accounting periods, calculated separately for each insurance contract using the daily pro rata method, adjusted if necessary
to reflect any variation in the incidence of risk during the period covered by the contract. Where the value of expected claims and expenses
attributable to unexpired periods of policies in force exceeds the unearned premium provision, a further provision is made, calculated by
reference to classes of business which are managed together.

Alternative performance measures (APMs)
In the reporting of financial information, the Directors have adopted various APMs. Refer to the Glossary for a full list of the Group’s APMs,
including comprehensive definitions, their purpose, reconciliations to IFRS measures and details of any changes to APMs.


Note 2 Segmental reporting

The Group’s operating segments are determined based on the Group’s internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
The CODM has been determined to be the Group Chief Executive, with support from the Executive Committee, as the function primarily
responsible for the allocation of resources to segments and assessment of performance of the segments.
The principal activities of the Group are presented in the following segments:
•   Retailing and associated activities (Retail) in:
     –     UK & ROI – the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland; and
     –     Central Europe – Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia.
•   Retail banking and insurance services through Tesco Bank in the UK (Tesco Bank).

This presentation reflects how the Group’s operating performance is reviewed internally by management.
The CODM uses adjusted operating profit, as reviewed at monthly Executive Committee meetings, as the key measure of the segments’
results as it reflects the segments’ underlying performance for the financial period under evaluation. Adjusted operating profit is a
consistent measure within the Group as defined within the Glossary. Refer to Note 3 for exceptional items and amortisation of acquired
intangibles. Inter-segment revenue between the operating segments is not material.


Income statement
The segment results and the reconciliation of the segment measures to the respective statutory items included in the Group income
statement are as follows:

                                                                                                         Total at                    Total at
                                                                           Central         Tesco       constant        Foreign        actual
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                             UK & ROI         Europe           Bank       exchange      exchange      exchange
At constant exchange rates                                     £m              £m            £m              £m            £m            £m
Continuing operations
Group sales                                                25,050           1,967           433          27,450          (119)        27,331
Revenue                                                     28,063         2,040            433         30,536           (120)       30,416
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                             1,320               70           72          1,462            (4)        1,458
Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired                (178)              25            -           (153)           (1)         (154)
intangibles
Operating profit/(loss)                                       1,142              95           72          1,309            (5)        1,304

Operating margin                                              4.7%          3.4%          16.6%           4.8%                         4.8%




                                                                      25
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued




                                                                                                                           Total at
                                                                                            Central           Tesco         actual
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                                              UK & ROI         Europe             Bank      exchange
At actual exchange rates                                                        £m              £m              £m             £m
Continuing operations
Group sales                                                                  24,993           1,905             433         27,331
Revenue                                                                     28,006             1,977            433         30,416
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                              1,318              68               72         1,458
Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles                     (178)             24                -          (154)

Operating profit/(loss)                                                       1,140              92               72         1,304
Operating margin                                                              4.7%            3.4%            16.6%          4.8%
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                                             (3)
Finance income                                                                                                                   5
Finance costs                                                                                                                 (163)

Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                     1,143


Tesco Bank revenue of £433m (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £386m) comprises interest and similar revenues of £238m (26 weeks ended
29 August 2020: £292m), fees and commissions revenue of £101m (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £94m), and insurance revenue of £94m
(26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £nil). For insurance, refer to Note 16.

                                                                                                                            Total at
                                                                                            Central           Tesco          actual
26 weeks ended 29 August 2020                                              UK & ROI         Europe             Bank       exchange
At actual exchange rates                                                        £m              £m              £m              £m
Continuing operations
Group sales                                                                  24,337           1,929             386          26,652
Revenue                                                                      26,341            1,991            386          28,718
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                              1,133              59            (155)          1,037
Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles                     (28)              (2)              -            (30)
Operating profit/(loss)                                                       1,105              57            (155)          1,007
Operating margin                                                              4.3%            3.0%          (40.2)%           3.6%
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                                              13
Finance income                                                                                                                       7
Finance costs                                                                                                                 (476)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                        551




                                                                      26
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Balance sheet
The following tables showing segment assets and liabilities exclude those balances that make up net debt (cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investments, joint venture loans and other receivables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, derivative financial
instruments and net debt of the disposal group). With the exception of lease liabilities which have been allocated to each segment, all
other components of net debt have been included within the unallocated segment to reflect how the Group manages these balances.
Intercompany transactions have been eliminated other than intercompany transactions with Tesco Bank in net debt.


                                                                                                                   Total
                                                                                      Central Tesco           continuing                           Discontinued
                                                                             UK & ROI Europe Bank Unallocated operations                             operations     Total
At 28 August 2021                                                                 £m      £m    £m        £m         £m                                      £m       £m
Goodwill and other intangible assets                                              4,719          30         640               -           5,389              -     5,389
Property, plant and equipment and investment property                           15,366       1,454           65               -          16,885              -    16,885


Right of use assets                                                              5,426          371          12               -           5,809              -     5,809
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                         83            1          -               -              84              -        84
Non-current other investments                                                          9           -   1,209                  -            1,218             -      1,218
Non-current trade and other receivables(a)                                           99           2          78               -             179              -        179
Non-current reinsurance assets(b)                                                      -           -        205               -            205               -       205
Non-current loans and advances to customers and                                        -           -    3,169                 -           3,169              -      3,169
banks
Deferred tax assets                                                                 175          26          69               -             270              -       270

Non-current assets(c)                                                           25,877       1,884     5,447                  -          33,208              -    33,208


Inventories and current trade and other receivables(d)(e)                        2,804          318         226               -           3,348              -     3,348

Current reinsurance assets(b)                                                          -           -         52               -              52              -        52
Current loans and advances to customers and banks                                      -           -   3,287                  -           3,287              -     3,287
Current other investments                                                              -           -        348               -            348               -       348
Total trade and other payables                                                   (8,270)      (533)     (305)                 -          (9,108)             -     (9,108)
Total customer deposits and deposits from banks                                        -           - (6,160)                  -          (6,160)             -     (6,160)
Total insurance contract provisions            (b)
                                                                                       -           -    (655)                 -            (655)             -      (655)
Total provisions                                                                   (376)        (22)        (48)              -            (446)             -      (446)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                             (11)       (40)          -               -             (51)             -        (51)
Net current tax                                                                    (125)          2          25               -             (98)             -        (98)
Post-employment benefits                                                          (580)            -          -               -            (580)             -      (580)
Assets of the disposal group and non-current assets                                  20        328            -               -            348              99       447
classified as held for sale

Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held for                               -           -          -               -               -            (22)       (22)
sale
Net debt (including Tesco Bank)(f)(g)                                            (7,709)      (489)         (31)       (2,005)         (10,234)              -    (10,234)

Net assets                                                                      11,630       1,448     2,186           (2,005)           13,259             77    13,336
(a)
      Excludes loans to joint ventures of £78m (27 February 2021: £21m, 29 August 2020: £104m) which form part of net debt.
(b)
      Balances acquired in the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited, see Note 1 for further details.
(c)
      Excludes derivative financial instrument non-current assets of £1,664m (27 February 2021: £1,425m, 29 August 2020: £1,113m) which form part of net debt.
(d)
      Excludes net interest and other receivables of £nil (27 February 2021: £nil, 29 August 2020: £3m) which form part of net debt.
(e)
      Excludes loans to joint ventures of £24m (27 February 2021: £101m, 29 August 2020: £24m) which form part of net debt.
(f)
      Refer to Note 21.
(g)
      Net debt (including Tesco Bank) at 28 August 2021 excludes net debt of the disposal group classified as held for sale of £(19)m.




                                                                                       27
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Balance sheet continued                                                                                   Total
                                                                   Central      Tesco                continuing Discontinued
                                                       UK & ROI    Europe        Bank Unallocated    operations   operations    Total
At 27 February 2021                                         £m         £m         £m          £m            £m            £m      £m
Goodwill and other intangible assets                      4,750           32       611          -        5,393             -    5,393
Property, plant and equipment and investment             15,397      1,768         65           -        17,230            -   17,230
property
Right of use assets                                       5,571          368        12          -         5,951            -    5,951
Investments in joint ventures and associates                 84             1      93           -           178            -       178
Non-current other investments                                 9            -      754           -           763            -      763
Non-current trade and other receivables(a)                   97            -        52          -           149            -      149
Non-current loans and advances to customers                   -            -    3,309           -        3,309             -    3,309
and banks
Deferred tax assets                                        460            25        67          -           552            -      552
Non-current assets            (c)
                                                        26,368       2,194      4,963           -       33,525            -    33,525
Inventories and current trade and other                   2,684          325      222           -         3,231            -    3,231
receivables(d)(e)
Current loans and advances to customers and                   -            -    3,093           -        3,093             -    3,093
banks
Current other investments                                     -            -       178          -           178            -      178
Total trade and other payables                           (7,797)     (495)       (216)          -       (8,508)            -   (8,508)

Total customer deposits and deposits from banks                -            -   (6,338)         -        (6,338)           -   (6,338)

Total insurance contract provisions(b)                        -            -         -          -              -           -         -

Total provisions                                          (224)          (22)      (59)         -          (305)           -     (305)

Deferred tax liabilities                                     (9)         (39)        -          -           (48)           -      (48)
Net current tax                                             (79)            5      36           -           (38)           -      (38)
Post-employment benefits                                 (1,222)           -         -          -        (1,222)           -    (1,222)

Assets of the disposal groups and other non-                 53            -         -          -             53         552      605
current assets classified as held for sale
Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held          -            -         -          -              -       (276)     (276)
for sale
Net debt (including Tesco Bank)(f)(g)                    (7,879)     (493)        242      (3,442)       (11,572)          -   (11,572)
Net assets                                               11,895      1,475       2,121    (3,442)       12,049          276    12,325
(a)–(g)
          Refer to previous table for footnotes.




                                                                    28
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Balance sheet continued
                                                                                                            Total
                                                                     Central      Tesco                continuing Discontinued
                                                         UK & ROI    Europe        Bank Unallocated    operations   operations    Total
At 29 August 2020                                             £m         £m         £m          £m            £m            £m      £m
Goodwill and other intangible assets                         4,811          26     905            -         5,742            -    5,742
Property, plant and equipment and investment               14,689      1,827         63           -        16,579            -   16,579
property
Right of use assets                                         5,733          404        13          -         6,150            -    6,150
Investments in joint ventures and associates                   82            1       95           -           178            -      178
Non-current other investments                                   6            -     830            -          836             -      836
Non-current trade and other receivables(a)                     92            1       57           -          150             -      150
Non-current loans and advances to customers                     -            -    3,655           -        3,655             -    3,655
and banks
Deferred tax assets                                           520           33       74           -          627             -      627
Non-current assets            (c)
                                                          25,933      2,292       5,692           -        33,917            -   33,917
Inventories and current trade and other                     2,831          372     440            -        3,643             -    3,643
receivables(d)(e)
Current loans and advances to customers and                                                                3,630             -   3,630
banks                                                           -            -    3,630           -
Current other investments                                       -            -       26                       26             -       26
Total trade and other payables                             (7,519)     (532)      (346)           -       (8,397)            -   (8,397)

Total customer deposits and deposits from banks                  -            -   (7,137)         -        (7,137)           -    (7,137)

Total provisions                                            (229)          (11)     (48)          -         (288)            -     (288)

Total insurance contract provisions                (b)
                                                                -            -         -          -             -            -         -

Deferred tax liabilities                                       (4)         (39)        -          -          (43)            -      (43)
Net current tax                                              (242)          26       25           -          (191)           -      (191)
Post-employment benefits                                   (4,043)            -        -          -       (4,043)            - (4,043)

Assets of the disposal groups and non-current                   67           -         -          -            67        5,132     5,199
assets classified as held for sale
Liabilities of the disposal groups classified as held           -            -         -          -             -      (2,098) (2,098)
for sale
Net debt (including Tesco Bank)(f)(g)                      (8,207)     (518)        254     (3,550)       (12,021)           - (12,021)
Net assets                                                  8,587      1,590      2,536      (3,550)       9,163         3,034    12,197
(a)–(g)
          Refer to previous table for footnotes.




                                                                      29
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued



Other segment information                                                                                                         Total
                                                                                        Central          Tesco               continuing    Discontinued
                                                                     UK & ROI           Europe            Bank               operations      operations    Total
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                                             £m                £m             £m                       £m               £m      £m
Capital expenditure (including acquisitions
through business combinations):
      Property, plant and equipment(a)(b)                                  359                22               5                   386                1     387
      Goodwill and other intangible assets        (c)
                                                                             81                 4             53                    138               -     138
Depreciation and amortisation:
      Property, plant and equipment                                       (396)               (47)            (5)                 (448)               -    (448)
      Right of use assets                                                 (248)               (18)             (1)                 (267)             (1)   (268)
      Other intangible assets                                              (110)               (6)           (24)                  (140)              -    (140)
Impairment:
      (Loss)/reversal on financial assets                                      2               (1)           (21)                  (20)               -     (20)
(a)
      Includes £1m (29 August 2020: £12m) acquired through business combinations.
(b)
      Includes £nil (29 August 2020: £54m) related to the disposal groups subsequent to reclassification to held for sale.
(c)
      Includes £38m (29 August 2020: £5m) of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired through business combinations.




                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                        Central          Tesco               continuing    Discontinued
                                                                     UK & ROI           Europe            Bank               operations      operations    Total
26 weeks ended 29 August 2020                                             £m                £m             £m                       £m               £m      £m
      Capital expenditure (including acquisitions
      through business combinations):
      Property, plant and equipment(a)(b)                                  406                35                7                  448              56      504
      Goodwill and other intangible assets        (c)
                                                                              71                4             18                    93                1      94
Depreciation and amortisation:
      Property, plant and equipment                                       (399)              (50)             (4)                 (453)             (14)   (467)
      Right of use assets                                                 (259)               (18)             (1)                 (278)             (5)   (283)
      Other intangible assets                                              (110)               (4)           (24)                  (138)             (1)    (139)
Impairment:
      (Loss)/reversal on financial assets                                    (6)               (1)          (257)                 (264)             (6)    (270)




                                                                                       30
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Cash flow statement
The following tables provide further analysis of the Group cash flow statement, including a split of cash flows between Retail and Tesco
Bank as well as an analysis of Retail continuing and discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                                       Tesco
                                                                        Retail                                   Tesco Bank            Group
                                                         Before                                   Before
                                                    exceptional     Exceptional              exceptional     Exceptional
                                                      items and       items and                items and       items and
                                                   amortisation    amortisation             amortisation    amortisation     Tesco
                                                    of acquired     of acquired    Retail    of acquired     of acquired      Bank
                                                     intangibles     intangibles    Total     intangibles     intangibles     Total    Total
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                                £m              £m       £m              £m              £m        £m       £m
Continuing operations
Operating profit/(loss) of continuing                     1,386           (154)    1,232              72                -        72 1,304
operations
Depreciation and amortisation                               787              38     825               30                -       30      855
ATM net income                                               (8)              -       (8)              8                -         8        -
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant             (1)            (21)    (22)               -                -         -     (22)
and equipment, investment property,
intangible assets and assets classified as held
for sale and early termination of leases
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of joint ventures               -               -        -             (10)               -      (10)     (10)
and associates
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property,                   -            (36)     (36)               -                -         -     (36)
plant and equipment, right of use assets,
intangible assets and investment property
Net remeasurement (gain)/loss on non-                         -              (1)      (1)              -                -         -       (1)
current assets held for sale
Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions                   6               -        6               -                -         -        6
charge
Other defined benefit pension scheme                        (11)              -      (11)              -                -         -      (11)
payments
Share-based payments                                         24               -       24               2                -         2      26
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in                   -               -        -              19                -        19       19
operating profit/(loss)

Cash flows generated from operations                      2,183            (174)   2,009             121                -       121    2,130
excluding working capital
(Increase)/decrease in working capital                      556              67     623             (277)              (4)    (281)     342

Cash generated from/(used in) operations                  2,739            (107)   2,632            (156)              (4)    (160) 2,472
Interest paid                                              (316)              -     (316)             (2)               -       (2)    (318)
Corporation tax paid                                       (49)               -     (49)              (1)               -        (1)    (50)

Net cash generated from/(used in) operating               2,374            (107)   2,267            (159)              (4)    (163) 2,104
activities




                                                                     31
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Cash flow statement continued
                                                                                                                                                       Tesco
                                                                                          Retail                                 Tesco Bank            Group
                                                                          Before                                       Before
                                                                     exceptional Exceptional                      exceptional Exceptional
                                                                       items and   items and                        items and   items and
                                                                    amortisation amortisation                    amortisation amortisation    Tesco
                                                                     of acquired of acquired              Retail of acquired of acquired       Bank
                                                                      intangibles intangibles              Total   intangibles intangibles     Total    Total
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                                                 £m          £m                 £m            £m          £m        £m       £m
Continuing operations
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities(a)                  2,374              (107)       2,267         (159)          (4)    (163)     2,104
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment,                            -                  109       109            -            -        -       109
investment property, intangible assets and assets
classified as held for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and                                 (37)                   -       (37)           -            -        -       (37)
investment property – store buy backs
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and                               (410)                    -     (410)          (5)            -       (5)     (415)
investment property – other capital expenditure
Purchase of intangible assets                                                (85)                    -      (85)          (15)           -      (15)    (100)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                  -                  125       125            -            -        -       125
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                 -                    -         -          (81)           -      (81)      (81)
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                              -                    -         -            -            -        -         -
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                   (8)                   -        (8)           -            -        -        (8)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term                     (1,320)                    -    (1,320)           -            -        -    (1,320)
investments
Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                      -                    -         -           51            -       51        51
Purchase of other investments(b)                                                -                    -         -         (44)            -      (44)      (44)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                           3                    -         3           10            -       10        13
Interest received                                                               2                    -         2            -            -        -         2

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities        (a)
                                                                          (1,855)                  234    (1,621)        (84)            -     (84)    (1,705)

Own shares purchased                                                         (55)                    -      (55)            -            -        -       (55)
Repayment of capital element of obligations under leases                    (286)                    -     (286)           (1)           -       (1)     (287)
Increase in borrowings                                                          -                    -         -            -            -        -         -
Repayment of borrowings                                                       (26)                   -       (26)         (21)           -      (21)      (47)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments      (b)
                                                                              247                    -       247            -            -        -       247
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                      (286)                    -     (286)            -            -        -     (286)
Dividends paid to equity owners                                             (458)                  (26)    (484)            -            -        -     (484)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities        (a)
                                                                            (864)              (26)        (890)         (22)            -      (22)     (912)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        (345)                  101     (244)        (265)          (4)    (269)     (513)
from continuing operations

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           (8)                  44        36            -            -        -        36
from discontinued operations

Intra-Group funding and intercompany transactions                              (3)                   -        (3)           3            -        3         -


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        (356)                  145      (211)       (262)          (4)    (266)     (477)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                    1,191                               780      1,971
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                       60                                  -        60

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                        1,040                                 514     1,554

Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                                    -                                  -         -

Cash and cash equivalents not held in disposal groups                                                     1,040                                 514     1,554
(a)
    See page 67 for the reconciliation of the APM: Retail free cash flow.
(b)
    Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the primary financial statements presentation.




                                                                                     32
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Cash flow statement continued

                                                                                                                                         Tesco
                                                                       Retail                                      Tesco Bank            Group
                                                         Before                                       Before
                                                    exceptional     Exceptional                  exceptional     Exceptional
                                                      items and       items and                    items and       items and
                                                   amortisation    amortisation                 amortisation    amortisation    Tesco
                                                    of acquired     of acquired       Retail     of acquired     of acquired     Bank
                                                     intangibles     intangibles     Total(a)     intangibles     intangibles    Total Total(a)
26 weeks ended 29 August 2020                                £m              £m         £m                £m              £m       £m     £m

Continuing operations
Operating profit/(loss) of continuing                      1,192            (30)      1,162             (155)              -     (155)    1,007
operations
Depreciation and amortisation                               802                 38      840               29               -       29      869
ATM net income                                               (8)                 -       (8)               8               -         8        -
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant            (36)                 1      (35)               -               -         -     (35)
and equipment, investment property,
intangible assets and assets classified as held
for sale and early termination of leases
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property,                  10                  -        10               -               -         -       10
plant and equipment, right of use assets,
intangible assets and investment property
Other defined benefit pension scheme                       (161)                 -      (161)              -               -         -     (161)
payments
Share-based payments                                          6                  -         6               3               -         3        9
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in                   -                  -         -             259               -      259      259
operating profit/(loss)
Cash flows generated from operations                      1,805                 9     1,814              144               -      144     1,958
excluding working capital
(Increase)/decrease in working capital                      170            (136)         34             (116)            (14)    (130)     (96)
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                  1,975            (127)      1,848               28             (14)       14    1,862
Interest paid                                              (323)                 -     (323)              (3)              -       (3)    (326)
Corporation tax paid                                       (125)                 -     (125)              (9)              -       (9)     (134)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating               1,527            (127)      1,400               16             (14)        2 1,402
activities
(a)
      Refer to footnotes on the next page.




                                                                     33
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued

Cash flow statement continued

                                                                                                                                                    Tesco
                                                                                          Retail                           Tesco Bank               Group
                                                                           Before                             Before
                                                                      exceptional  Exceptional           exceptional        Exceptional
                                                                        items and    items and             items and          items and
                                                                     amortisation amortisation          amortisation       amortisation    Tesco
                                                                      of acquired  of acquired Retail of acquired           of acquired     Bank
                                                                       intangibles  intangibles Total(a) intangibles         intangibles    Total   Total(a)
26 weeks ended 29 August 2020                                                  £m           £m     £m             £m                 £m       £m       £m
Continuing operations
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities(c)                    1,527                 (127)   1,400     16             (14)       2     1,402
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment,                             -                   32       32      -              51        51        83
investment property, intangible assets and assets classified
as held for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment                     (148)                    -     (148)     -               -        -      (148)
property – store buy backs
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment                     (299)                    -    (299)    (24)              -      (24)     (323)
property – other capital expenditure
Purchase of intangible assets                                                 (70)                    -     (70)    (18)              -      (18)      (88)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                  (1)                (25)     (26)      -               -        -       (26)
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                 15                    -       15      -               -        -         15
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                              (1)                   -       (1)     -               -        -         (1)
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                   (11)                   -      (11)     -               -        -        (11)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term                          134                    -      134      -               -        -        134
investments
Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                       -                    -        -    202               -      202       202
Purchase of other investments     (b)
                                                                                 -                    -        -      -               -        -          -
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                            6                    -        6      -               -        -          6
Interest received                                                                4                    -        4      -               -        -          4

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities         (c)
                                                                             (371)                    7    (364)    160              51       211     (153)


Own shares purchased                                                          (79)                    -      (79)     -               -        -       (79)
Repayment of capital elements of obligations under leases                    (292)                    -    (292)     (2)              -       (2)     (294)
Increase in borrowings                                                        448                     -     448       -               -        -       448
Repayment of borrowings                                                      (287)                    -    (287)      -               -        -      (287)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                         334                     -     334       -               -        -       334
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments      (b)
                                                                             (315)             (243)       (558)      -               -        -      (558)
Dividends paid to equity owners                                              (634)                    -    (634)      -               -        -      (634)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities(c)                    (825)             (243) (1,068)         (2)              -       (2)   (1,070)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
                                                                              331              (363)        (32)    174              37       211       179
from continuing operations

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           114                   (3)      111     -               -        -        111
from discontinued operations


Intra-Group funding and intercompany transactions                              (5)                    -       (5)     5               -        5          -


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          440              (366)          74    179              37      216       290
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                   1,667                            1,364    3,031
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                      (21)                              -        (21)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                         1,720                           1,580     3,300

Cash and overdrafts held in disposal group                                                                 (546)                               -      (546)

Cash and cash equivalents not held in disposal group                                                       1,174                           1,580     2,754
(a)
    Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the prior period restatement.
(b)
    Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the primary financial statements presentation.
(c)
    See page 67 for the reconciliation of the APM: Retail free cash flow.


                                                                                 34
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued


Cash flow statement continued
                                                                        Continuing            Discontinued
                                                                        operations             operations          Total Group

                                                                        2021     2020(a)       2021    2020(a)      2021     2020(a)
                                                                         £m         £m          £m        £m         £m         £m
Operating profit/(loss)                                                1,304         1,007      (55)         95    1,249      1,102
Depreciation and amortisation                                            855           869         1         20      856        889
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant and equipment,         (22)          (35)        2           3      (20)        (32)
investment property, intangible assets and assets held for
sale and early termination of leases
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of joint venture and associates           (10)             -        -            -     (10)           -
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of subsidiaries                              -             -       26            -      26            -
Transaction costs associated with sale of subsidiaries                     -             -        -          30         -         30
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property, plant and                   (36)            10        -          43      (36)         53
equipment, right of use assets, intangible assets and
investment property
Net remeasurement (gain)/loss on non-current assets held                  (1)            -       (4)           -      (5)           -
for sale
Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions charge                         6             -        -            -        6           -
Other defined benefit pension scheme payments                            (11)         (161)       -            -      (11)       (161)
Share-based payments                                                     26              9        -           6       26           15
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in operating                     19           259        -           -        19        259
profit/(loss)
Cash flows generated from operations excluding working                 2,130         1,958      (30)         197   2,100      2,155
capital
(Increase)/decrease in working capital                                  342           (96)       26          39      368         (57)
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                               2,472         1,862       (4)     236       2,468     2,098
Interest paid                                                          (318)         (326)        -      (25)       (318)        (351)
Corporation tax paid                                                    (50)          (134)      (2)      (13)       (52)      (147)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                 2,104         1,402       (6)      198      2,098     1,600
(a)
      Refer to footnotes on the next page.




                                                                  35
Note 2 Segmental reporting continued



                                                                                            Continuing            Discontinued
Cash flow statement continued                                                               operations             operations            Total Group

                                                                                            2021       2020(a)     2021    2020(a)        2021    2020(a)
                                                                                             £m           £m        £m        £m           £m        £m
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities(c)                                 2,104          1,402       (6)         198     2,098     1,600
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment                             109             83         -           -       109        83
property, intangible assets and non-current assets classified as held
for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, investment property and                           (37)        (148)        -            -       (37)     (148)
non-current assets classified as held for sale – store buybacks
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, investment property and                         (415)         (323)       (1)     (66)         (416)    (389)
non-current assets classified as held for sale – other capital
expenditure
Purchase of intangible assets                                                              (100)          (88)        -           (1)     (100)        (89)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                               125          (26)       44            -       169         (26)
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired (Note 23)                                    (81)           15        -            -       (81)          15
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                 -        (1)       -            -         -           (1)
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                  (8)          (11)       -            -        (8)         (11)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term investments                        (1,320)          134         -            -    (1,320)        134
Proceeds from sale of other investments         (b)                                            51         202         -            -        51         202
Purchase of other investments       (b)                                                     (44)             -        -            -       (44)           -
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                         13             6        -            6        13           12
Interest received                                                                                  2         4        -            1         2            5
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities              (c)
                                                                                         (1,705)         (153)       43      (60)       (1,662)     (213)


Own shares purchased                                                                        (55)          (79)        -            -       (55)        (79)
Repayments of capital element of obligations under leases                                  (287)         (294)       (1)     (27)        (288)      (321)
Increase in borrowings                                                                             -      448         -            -         -         448
Repayment of borrowings                                                                      (47)        (287)        -            -       (47)     (287)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                        247          334         -            -       247         334
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments (b)                                    (286)         (558)        -            -     (286)     (558)
Dividends paid to equity owners                                                            (484)         (634)        -            -     (484)     (634)
                                                                                           (912)       (1,070)       (1)     (27)         (913)   (1,097)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities(c)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents before                                (513)          179        36          111      (477)        290
intra-Group funding and intercompany transactions

Intra-Group funding and intercompany transactions                                             27         (113)      (27)         113         -            -


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                      (486)            66         9      224          (477)        290
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                                                  1,971    3,031
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                    60         (21)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                                                       1,554    3,300
Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                                                                  -     (546)
Cash and cash equivalents not held in disposal groups                                                                                    1,554     2,754
(a)
    Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the prior period restatement.
(b)
    Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the primary financial statements presentation.
(c)
    See page 67 for the reconciliation of the APM: Retail free cash flow.




                                                                                 36
Note 3 Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles

Income statement
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021
Profit/(loss) for the period included the following exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles:

                                                                                    Total exceptional items
                                                                                        and amortisation of    Share of joint                                     Exceptional
                                                                                       acquired intangibles    ventures and                                      items within
                                                             Cost of Administrative         included within       associates                 Finance            discontinued
Exceptional items and amortisation of                          sales     expenses           operating profit profits/(losses)                   costs   Taxation operations
acquired intangibles included in:                                £m             £m                       £m               £m                      £m         £m           £m
Exceptional items:
Property transactions(a)                                            -               21                            21                    -           -              -         -
Net impairment reversal of non-current
                                                                   24               13                            37                    -           -              -         -
assets(b)
Asia licence fee(c)                                                 -               19                            19                    -           -          (4)           -
Litigation costs(d)                                                 -            (193)                         (193)                    -           -            -           -
Total exceptional items from continuing
operations before amortisation of                                 24             (140)                        (116)                     -           -          (4)           -
acquired intangibles
Amortisation of acquired intangible
                                                                    -              (38)                         (38)                    -           -         (15)           -
assets (Note 9)
Total exceptional items from continuing
operations and amortisation of acquired                           24             (178)                         (154)                    -           -         (19)           -
intangibles
Exceptional items relating to
                                                                   -                  -                            -                    -           -              -      (44)
discontinued operations(e)
Total exceptional items and
                                                                  24             (178)                         (154)                    -           -         (19)        (44)
amortisation of acquired intangibles
(a)
      The Group disposed of surplus properties which generated a profit of £21m.
(b)
      Comprised of £36m net impairment reversal relating to the Group’s non-current assets. Refer to Note 12 for further details. £1m relates to an impairment reversal
      of non-current assets classified as assets held for sale.
(c)
      Software licence fee income from services provided to CP Group as part of the Transitional Services Agreement relating to the sale of Asia.
(d)
      Costs arising from the 2020 claims against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of or in connection with the overstatement of expected profit announced in 2014.
(e)
      Refer to Note 6.


26 weeks ended 29 August 2020

Profit/(loss) for the period included the following exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles:
                                                                                     Total exceptional items
                                                                                         and amortisation of    Share of joint                    Exceptional
                                                                                        acquired intangibles    ventures and                     items within
                                                              Cost of Administrative         included within       associates Finance           discontinued
Exceptional items and amortisation of                           sales     expenses           operating profit profits/(losses)   costs Taxation    operations
acquired intangibles included in:                                 £m             £m                       £m               £m      £m       £m            £m
Exceptional items:
Property transactions                                              (2)                -                            (2)                  -           -        -               -
Booker integration                                                  -                (2)                           (2)                  -           -        -               -
ATM business rates                                                105                 -                          105                    -           -      (20)              -
Litigation costs                                                    -              (93)                          (93)                   -           -        -               -
Total exceptional items from continuing                           103              (95)                            8                    -           -      (20)              -
operations before amortisation of
acquired intangibles
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets                          -              (38)                          (38)                   -           -        (5)             -
(Note 9)
Total exceptional items from continuing                           103            (133)                          (30)                    -           -      (25)              -
operations and amortisation of acquired
intangibles
Exceptional items relating to discontinued                          -                 -                               -                 -           -          -          (124)
operations
Total exceptional items and amortisation                          103            (133)                          (30)                    -           -      (25)           (124)
of acquired intangibles




                                                                                      37
Note 3 Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles continued

Cash flow statement

The table below shows the impact of exceptional items on the Group cash flow statement:

Amortisation of acquired intangibles does not affect the Group’s cash flow.

                                                                         Cash flows from                     Cash flows from                Cash flows from
                                                                        operating activities               investing activities           financing activities
                                                                        26 weeks              26 weeks    26 weeks         26 weeks       26 weeks         26 weeks
                                                                            2021                  2020        2021             2020           2021             2020
                                                                             £m                     £m         £m                £m            £m                £m
Prior year restructuring and redundancy costs                                  -                   (32)          -                -              -                -
Property transactions(a)                                                          -                  -            109              32               -               -
Tesco Bank mortgage book disposal proceeds                                        -                  -              -              51               -               -
Settlement of claims for customer redress in Tesco                              (4)                (14)             -               -               -               -
Bank
Litigation costs(b)                                                           (105)                (93)             -               -               -               -
Costs associated with the sale of Asia                                            -                  -             (5)            (25)              -               -
Poland sale proceeds(c)                                                           -                  -            130               -               -               -
Booker integration cash payments                                               (14)                 (2)             -               -               -               -
Hedging costs associated with the sale of Asia                                    -                  -              -               -               -           (243)
ATM business rates(d)                                                            12                  -              -               -               -               -
Special dividend       (e)
                                                                                  -                  -              -               -            (26)               -
Total continuing operations                                                   (111)               (141)          234               58            (26)           (243)
Exceptional cash flow from discontinued                                           -                 (3)            44               -               -               -
operations(f)
Total                                                                         (111)               (144)          278               58            (26)           (243)
(a)
    Property transactions include £73m proceeds relating to the sale of stores in Poland not included in the sale of the corporate business.
(b)
    Costs arising from the 2020 claims against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of or in connection with the overstatement of expected profit announced in 2014.
(c)
    Poland sale proceeds include £106m in respect of intercompany debt settled by the purchaser upon completion. Refer to Note 6 for further details.
(d)
      Amounts received in the year with respect to the Supreme Court ruling related to external facing ATM’s in stores.
(e)
      Amounts paid in the year relating to unsettled elements of the special dividend.
(f)
      Exceptional cash flows of £44m from discontinued operations comprise of £57m borrowings less £(13)m cash disposed.




                                                                                         38
Note 4 Finance income and costs


                                                                                                                      26 weeks       26 weeks
                                                                                                                          2021           2020
Continuing operations                                                                                     Notes            £m              £m
Finance income
Interest receivable and similar income                                                                                         2                 5
Finance income receivable on net investment in leases                                                                          3                 2
Total finance income                                                                                                           5                 7
Finance costs
GBP MTNs and loans                                                                                                           (82)           (70)
EUR MTNs                                                                                                                    (20)            (27)
USD bonds                                                                                                                     (2)            (5)
Finance charges payable on lease liabilities                                                                               (207)          (229)
Other interest payable                                                                                                       (21)            (9)
Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments                                                                           180           (108)
Total finance costs before net pension finance costs                                                                        (152)         (448)
Net pension finance costs                                                                                   20               (11)           (28)
Total finance costs                                                                                                        (163)          (476)
Net finance costs                                                                                                          (158)          (469)



Note 5 Taxation

Recognised in the Group income statement
                                                                                                                     26 weeks       26 weeks
                                                                                                                         2021           2020
Continuing operations                                                                                                     £m              £m
Current tax charge/(credit)
UK corporation tax                                                                                                          154           109
Overseas tax                                                                                                                28             22


Deferred tax charge/(credit)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                           88             (7)
Change in tax rate                                                                                                          43             30


Total income tax charge/(credit)                                                                                           313            154


The tax charge in the Group income statement is based on management’s best estimate of the full year effective tax rates by geographical
unit applied to half year profits, which is then adjusted for tax on exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles arising in the
period to 28 August 2021. The standard rate of corporation tax has been applied to the exceptional profits and losses on an item by item
basis, based on the geographical unit of that item. Refer to Note 3 for further details.

The Finance Act 2021 included legislation to increase the main rate of UK corporation tax from 19% to 25% from 1 April 2023. As the change
to the main UK corporation tax rate was substantively enacted by the balance sheet date the impact is included in these condensed
consolidated interim financial statements with temporary differences remeasured using the enacted tax rates that are expected to apply
when the liability is settled or the asset realised. The UK corporation tax rate change increased the deferred tax asset by £44m, comprising
of a £43m deferred tax charge recognised within the consolidated income statement for the period and a £87m deferred tax credit
(principally in relation to post-employment benefits) recognised in other comprehensive income. Subsequently the deferred tax asset has
decreased mainly due to the revaluation gain on the pension scheme. Refer to Note 20 for further details.




                                                                      39
Note 6 Discontinued operations and assets classified as held for sale


                                                                                                   26 weeks                               26 weeks
Income statement of discontinued operations                                                          2021                                   2020
                                                                                                                             Malaysia
                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                            Poland        Other     Total    Thailand Poland        Other       Total
                                                                                                £m          £m        £m           £m     £m          £m          £m
Operating profit/(loss) before exceptional items                                                  (2)          -       (2)         277       (12)           -    265
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                -           -        -            6         -            -      6
Finance (costs)/income                                                                             -           -        -          (18)       (7)           -    (25)
Profit/(loss) before tax, before exceptional items                                                (2)          -       (2)        265       (19)            -    246
Taxation                                                                                          (3)          -       (3)        (53)        (1)           -    (54)
Profit after tax, before exceptional items                                                       (5)           -      (5)          212      (20)            -    192
Loss on disposal of Poland*                                                                     (26)           -     (26)            -         -            -      -
Homeplus (Korea) claims provision*                                                                 -        (33)     (33)            -         -      (86)       (86)
Other exceptional items*                                                                           2           4        6         (26)      (58)            -    (84)
Tax on exceptional items*                                                                          -           9        9           46         -            -     46
Total profit/(loss) after tax of discontinued operations                                        (29)        (20)     (49)         232       (78)      (86)        68
* Exceptional items of £(44)m (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £(124)m) include £(26)m loss on disposal of Poland (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £nil),
  £(33)m provision relating to claims from Homeplus (Korea) purchasers (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £(86)m), £4m reversal of accruals relating to
  legal costs (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £nil), £(2)m costs relating to Poland properties (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £nil), £4m of net
  impairment gain on non-current assets (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £(43)m loss), £9m tax on exceptional items (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020:
  £46m) being the reduction of withholding tax paid at the time of the sale relating to the Homeplus claim, £nil transaction costs (26 weeks ended 26
  August 2020: £(28)m), £nil of net restructuring and redundancy costs (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £(8)m), £nil on disposal of surplus properties (26
  weeks ended 29 August 2020: £(3)m loss) and £nil fair value loss due to the income statement impact of the derivative contracts entered into by the
  Group to economically hedge the foreign exchange risk on the anticipated USD disposal proceeds from the Asia business (26 weeks ended 29 August
  2020: £(2)m loss).


On 18 June 2020, the Group reached agreement on the terms of a proposed corporate sale of its business in Poland, which was previously
presented in the Group’s Central Europe segment. The assets and liabilities related to the Group’s Poland operation, as well as certain
other properties that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale during the year ended 27 February 2021, were presented within
discontinued operations. The corporate transaction completed on 16 March 2021.


The loss after tax for the Poland corporate sale comprises the following:
                                                                                                                                                      £m
Gross proceeds(a)                                                                                                                                     139
Costs to sell and indemnities(b)                                                                                                                      (15)
Net proceeds                                                                                                                                          124

Net book value of assets and liabilities disposed
      Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                                             (3)
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                  (212)
      Right of use assets                                                                                                                             (69)
      Inventories                                                                                                                                     (59)
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                     (15)
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                       (13)
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                                        105
      Borrowings                                                                                                                                        57
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                110
      Provisions                                                                                                                                        15
Net book value of assets and liabilities disposed                                                                                                     (84)
Currency translation reserve reclassified to income statement                                                                                         (66)
Loss before and after tax on disposal                                                                                                                 (26)
(a)
      Proceeds include £106m with respect to intercompany debt settled by the purchaser upon completion.
(b)
      Total costs associated with the sale of the business amounted to £(21)m, of which £(6)m was expensed in the prior financial year. Costs to sell and
      indemnities include £(11)m indemnities given and £(4)m legal and professional fees.

The disposal of the operations in Poland has reduced Retail net debt by £284m. This comprises £110m lease liabilities disposed and £174m
net cash flows, consisting of £139m proceeds less £(5)m received in the prior year, £57m borrowings less £(13)m cash disposed, and £(4)m
cash costs to sell. The total cash flows associated with the disposal are presented in disposal of subsidiaries net of cash disposed, within
investing cash flows.

During the period £5m was paid in relation to legal fees for the sale of the Asia business, expensed in the year ended 27 February 2021.




                                                                                   40
Note 6 Discontinued operations and assets classified as held for sale continued

Assets and liabilities of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale
                                                                                                                     28 August 27 February             29 August
                                                                                                                          2021        2021                 2020
                                                                                                                           £m          £m                    £m
Assets of the disposal group(a)                                                                                                 12           404            4,892
Non-current assets classified as held for sale       (b)
                                                                                                                              435             201              307
Total assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                                         447            605            5,199
Total liabilities of the disposal group(a)                                                                                     (22)         (276)          (2,098)
Total net assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                                     425             329            3,101
(a)
    The disposal group, including £(19)m of net debt, relates to residual properties and leases with respect to the Group’s operation in Poland. Balances as at 27
    February 2021 were with respect to the Group’s operation in Poland, and as at 29 August 2020 were with respect to the Group’s operations in Thailand,
    Malaysia and Poland.
(b)
    The assets classified as held for sale consist of properties in the UK, Poland and Central Europe due to be sold within one year.



Note 7 Dividends

                                                                                                         26 weeks                           26 weeks
                                                                                                           2021                               2020
                                                                                              Pence/share                     £m Pence/share                   £m
Amounts recognised as distributions to owners in the period:
Prior financial year final dividend*                                                                     5.95              458              6.50              634


Interim dividend declared for the current period                                                        3.20               247              3.20               314
 * Excludes £2m dividends waived (29 August 2020: £3m).


The interim dividend was approved by the Board of Directors on 5 October 2021 and has not been included as a liability as at 28 August
2021. It will be paid on 26 November 2021 to shareholders who are on the Register of members at close of business on 15 October 2021.

A dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) is available to shareholders who would prefer to invest their dividends in the shares of the Company.
For those shareholders electing to receive the DRIP, the last date for receipt of a new election is 5 November 2021.

Note 8 Earnings/(losses) per share and diluted earnings/(losses) per share

Basic earnings/(losses) per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial period.
Diluted earnings/(losses) per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial period adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive share
options. The dilutive effect is calculated on the full exercise of all potentially dilutive ordinary share options granted by the Group, including
performance-based options which the Group considers to have been earned.

For the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 there were 69 million (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: 27 million) potentially dilutive share
options. As the Group has recognised a profit for the period, dilutive effects have been considered in calculating diluted earnings per
share.


                                                              26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                        26 weeks ended 29 August 2020
                                                                          Potentially                                                Potentially
                                                                       dilutive share                                             dilutive share
                                                                 Basic        options              Diluted            Basic              options        Diluted
Profit/(loss) (£m)
Continuing operations                                             830                    -            830              397                     -            397
Discontinued operations*                                          (49)                   -            (49)               63                    -             63
Total                                                              781                   -             781             460                     -           460
Weighted average number of shares (millions)                    7,685                  69           7,754            9,744                    27          9,771
Earnings/(losses) per share (pence)
Continuing operations                                           10.80                (0.10)          10.70            4.07                 (0.01)          4.06
Discontinued operations                                         (0.64)                0.01          (0.63)            0.65                      -          0.65
Total                                                            10.16               (0.09)         10.07             4.72                (0.01)           4.71
* Excludes profits from non-controlling interests of £nil (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £5m).




                                                                                41
Note 8 Earnings/(losses) per share and diluted earnings/(losses) per share continued

Alternative performance measure: Adjusted diluted earnings/(losses) per share



                                                                                                                                      26 weeks   26 weeks
                                                                                                                              Notes       2021       2020
Profit before tax from continuing operations before exceptional items and amortisation of acquired                                       1,297       581
intangibles (£m)
Add: Net pension finance costs (£m)                                                                                              4          11        28
Add: Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments (£m)                                                                     4       (180)       108
Adjusted profit before tax (£m)                                                                                                          1,128       717
Adjusted profit before tax attributable to the owners of the parent (£m)                                                                 1,128       717
Taxation on adjusted profit before tax attributable to the owners of the parent (£m)                                                     (258)      (155)
Adjusted profit after tax (£m)                                                                                                            870        562


Basic weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                                      7,685      9,744
Adjusted basic earnings per share (pence)                                                                                                11.32      5.77


Diluted weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                                    7,754       9,771
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (pence)*                                                                                             11.22      5.75
* Refer to page 65 for a reconciliation of the Group’s APM Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation).


Note 9 Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill of £4,291m (27 February 2021: £4,271m, 29 August 2020: £4,570m) consists of UK £3,788m (27 February 2021: £3,788m, 29 August
2020: £3,792m), ROI £3m (27 February 2021: £3m, 29 August 2020: £3m) and Tesco Bank £500m (27 February 2021: £480m, 29 August 2020:
£775m). £20m of goodwill was recognised in Tesco Bank in the period from the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 23
for further details.
Other intangible assets of £1,098m (27 February 2021: £1,122m, 29 August 2020: £1,172m) comprise of software of £547m (27 February 2021:
£532m, 29 August 2020: £527m), customer relationships of £456m (27 February 2021: £494m, 29 August 2020: £533m) and other intangible
assets of £95m (27 February 2021: £96m, 29 August 2020: £112m).

Of the £140m (26 weeks ending 29 August 2020: £139m) amortisation of other intangible assets, £38m (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020:
£38m) arising from the amortisation of intangible assets acquired through business combinations has been included within exceptional
items and amortisation of intangible assets. Refer to Note 3 for further details.




                                                                                  42
Note 10 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                         Land and
                                                                                                                         buildings         Other(a)         Total
                                                                                                                               £m             £m              £m
Cost
At 27 February 2021                                                                                                         22,024          5,743         27,767
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                       1              3             4
Additions                                                                                                                       164            221           385
Acquired through business combinations(b)                                                                                          -              1              1
Reclassification   (c)
                                                                                                                                 (71)            (1)          (72)
Disposals                                                                                                                       (65)         (285)          (350)
Transfers (to)/from assets held for sale                                                                                       (443)            (16)        (459)
At 28 August 2021                                                                                                            21,610         5,666         27,276


Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
At 27 February 2021                                                                                                          6,653          3,903         10,556
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                       1              3             4
Charge for the period                                                                                                           213            235           448
Impairment losses(d)                                                                                                               2              -             2
Reversal of impairment losses      (d)
                                                                                                                                (34)            (4)           (38)
Reclassification                                                                                                                 (2)              1            (1)
Disposals                                                                                                                       (50)         (275)          (325)
Transfers (to)/from assets held for sale                                                                                        (157)            (7)         (164)
At 28 August 2021                                                                                                            6,626          3,856         10,482


Net carrying value
At 28 August 2021                                                                                                           14,984           1,810        16,794
At 29 August 2020                                                                                                            14,807          1,753        16,560


Construction in progress included above(e)
At 28 August 2021                                                                                                                88            155           243
At 29 August 2020                                                                                                                 61           165           226
(a)
    Other assets consist of fixtures and fittings with a net carrying value of £1,325m (27 February 2021: £1,345m, 29 August 2020: £1,286m), office equipment with
    a net carrying value of £195m (27 February 2021: £213m, 29 August 2020: £212m) and motor vehicles with a net carrying value of £290m (27 February 2021:
    £282m, 29 August 2020: £255m).
(b)
    Assets recognised on acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 23.
(c)
    £71m transferred to Investment property.
(d)
    Refer to Note 12.
(e)
    Construction in progress does not include land.

Commitments for capital expenditure contracted for, but not incurred, at 28 August 2021 were £229m (27 February 2021: £203m, 29 August
2020: £234m), principally relating to store development.




                                                                               43
Note 10 Property, plant and equipment continued
                                                                                                                     Land and
                                                                                                                     buildings         Other(a)          Total
                                                                                                                           £m             £m               £m
Cost
At 29 February 2020                                                                                                    24,868            6,925          31,793
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                102              21            123
Additions                                                                                                                  228             210             438
Acquired through business combinations                                                                                           8            4              12
Reclassification                                                                                                             (5)           264             259
Disposals                                                                                                                   (25)          (160)           (185)
Transfers (to)/from assets held for sale                                                                                     28                  -           28
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                  (3,642)          (1,415)        (5,057)
At 29 August 2020                                                                                                       21,562          5,849           27,411


Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
At 29 February 2020                                                                                                      7,841           4,718         12,559
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                 34              15             49
Charge for the period                                                                                                       219            248             467
Impairment losses(d)                                                                                                         68              11             79
Reversal of impairment losses           (d)
                                                                                                                            (31)            (3)            (34)
Reclassification                                                                                                                 8         250             258
Disposals                                                                                                                   (22)           (156)           (178)
Transfers (to)/from assets held for sale                                                                                     24                  -           24
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                   (1,386)          (987)         (2,373)
At 29 August 2020                                                                                                        6,755          4,096           10,851
Net carrying value                                                                                                      14,807           1,753         16,560
(a)-(d)
          Refer to previous page for footnotes.



Note 11 Leases

Right of use assets

                                                                                                                    Land and
                                                                                                                    buildings           Other           Total
                                                                                                                          £m              £m              £m
Net carrying value at 27 February 2021                                                                                 5,866               85           5,951
Additions (including through business combinations)                                                                         79              12              91
Depreciation charge for the period                                                                                       (247)             (20)           (267)
Impairment losses(a)                                                                                                          -               -                  -
Reversal of impairment losses(a)                                                                                              -               -                  -
Other       (b)
                                                                                                                            34                -             34
Net carrying value at 28 August 2021                                                                                     5,732              77          5,809


                                                                                                                    Land and
                                                                                                                    buildings           Other           Total
                                                                                                                          £m               £m             £m
Net carrying value at 29 February 2020                                                                                  6,734             140           6,874
Additions (including through business combinations)                                                                        173              30            203
Depreciation charge for the period                                                                                       (259)             (24)           (283)
Impairment losses(a)                                                                                                        (8)              -              (8)
Reversal of impairment losses(a)                                                                                             2               -               2
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                   (724)            (20)           (744)
Other(b)                                                                                                                   106               -             106
Net carrying value at 29 August 2020                                                                                    6,024              126          6,150
(a)
      Refer to Note 12.
(b)
      Other movements include lease terminations, modifications and reassessments, foreign exchange, reclassifications between asset classes and entering into
      finance subleases.




                                                                                44
Note 11 Leases continued

Lease liabilities

The following tables show the discounted lease liabilities included in the Group balance sheet and the contractual undiscounted lease
payments:
                                                                                                                    28 August 27 February            29 August
                                                                                                                         2021        2021                2020
Lease liabilities                                                                                                         £m          £m                   £m
Current                                                                                                                    557                575          557
Non-current                                                                                                              7,670               7,827       8,199
Total lease liabilities                                                                                                  8,227           8,402          8,756
Total undiscounted lease payments                                                                                        12,175         12,527          13,186

A reconciliation of the Group’s opening to closing lease liabilities balance is presented in Note 21.

Note 12 Impairment of non-current assets

Impairment losses and reversals
No goodwill impairment losses were recognised by the Group in the period to 28 August 2021 (29 August 2020: £nil).


The table below summarises the Group’s pre-tax impairment losses and reversals on other non-current assets and investments in joint
ventures and associates, with the former aggregated by segment due to the large number of individually immaterial store cash-generating
units. This includes any losses recognised immediately before classifying an asset or disposal group as held for sale. Impairment losses and
reversals are presented gross. There were no impairment losses or reversals in the period (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £nil) with respect
to other non-current assets and investments in joint ventures and associates in Tesco Bank.


                                                     UK & ROI                            Central Europe                              Total*
                                              Impairment     Impairment              Impairment      Impairment            Impairment       Impairment
                                                     loss       reversal                    loss        reversal                  loss         reversal
26 weeks ended 28 August 2021                         £m             £m                      £m              £m                    £m               £m
Group balance sheet
Other intangible assets                                    -                  -                   -                  -                  -                   -
Property, plant and equipment                             (2)                14                   -                 24                 (2)                 38
Right of use assets                                        -                  -                   -                  -                  -                       -
Investment property                                        -                  -                   -                  -                  -                       -
Other non-current assets                                  (2)                14                   -                 24                 (2)                 38
Investments in joint ventures and                          -                  -                   -                  -                  -                       -
associates
Total impairment (loss)/reversal                          (2)                14                   -                 24                 (2)                 38
Group income statement
Cost of sales                                              -                  -                   -                 24                  -                  24
– exceptional
Administrative expenses                                   (2)                14                   -                  -                 (2)                 14
– exceptional
Total impairment (loss)/reversal                          (2)                14                   -                 24                (2)                  38
* Of the £36m other non-current assets net impairment reversal for the Group (29 August 2020: net loss of £53m), a net reversal of £36m (29 August 2020: net
 loss of £43m) has been classified within exceptional items, of which £nil (29 August 2020: net loss of £43m) was also recognised in discontinued operations.




                                                                              45
Note 12 Impairment of non-current assets continued



                                                                                        Total continuing               Discontinued
                                      UK & ROI                 Central Europe             operations                    operations                Total*
                                Impairment Impairment       Impairment Impairment    Impairment Impairment         Impairment Impairment Impairment    Impairment
26 weeks ended 29 August              loss       reversal         loss    reversal         loss       reversal           loss    reversal       loss       reversal
2020                                   £m             £m           £m           £m          £m                £m          £m          £m        £m              £m
Group balance sheet
Other intangible assets                    -           -            -            -            -                -            -          -          -              -
Property, plant and                    (13)            11           -            -          (13)              11          (66)        23        (79)            34
equipment
Right of use assets                       (8)          2            -            -           (8)               2            -          -         (8)             2
Investment property                    (2)             -            -            -           (2)               -            -          -         (2)             -
Other non-current assets               (23)           13            -            -          (23)              13          (66)        23        (89)            36
Investments in joint ventures              -           -            -            -             -               -            -          -           -             -
and associates
Total impairment (loss)/               (23)           13            -            -          (23)              13          (66)        23        (89)            36
reversal
Group income statement
Administrative expenses               (23)             13           -            -          (23)              13            -          -        (23)             13
– underlying
Total impairment (loss)/               (23)           13            -            -          (23)              13            -          -        (23)            13
reversal from continuing
operations
Discontinued operations –                  -            -           -            -            -                -          (66)        23        (66)            23
exceptional
Total impairment                       (23)           13            -            -          (23)              13          (66)        23        (89)            36
(loss)/reversal
* Refer to previous table for footnote.

During the period to 28 August 2021, 24 mall assets in Central Europe have been reclassified to assets held for sale. Immediately prior to
their reclassification, the expected proceeds net of disposal costs exceeded the carrying value such that previous impairments of £24m
were reversed.

The remaining other non-current assets impairment losses and reversals for the Group largely reflect normal fluctuations expected from
store-level performance, property fair values and changes in discount rates, as well as any specific store closures.

The impact of the pandemic on Tesco Bank includes higher expected credit losses arising from the economic downturn and lower revenues
as a result of lower consumer spending and borrowing. The Bank's performance is sensitive to the speed of the economic recovery and as
a result a full impairment test of the goodwill allocated to Tesco Bank has been conducted. The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to
Tesco Bank pre-impairment review was £500m, impairment testing on a value in use basis resulted in a recoverable amount of £624m and
headroom of £124m. Additional sensitivities are given in the Key assumptions and sensitivity section below.

Impairment methodology

The impairment methodology is unchanged from that described in Note 15 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021.
Key assumptions and sensitivity
With the exception of Tesco Bank, no reasonably possible changes in key assumptions would indicate an impairment for any group of cash-
generating units to which goodwill has been allocated. Similarly, there is not a significant risk of an adjustment to the carrying amount of
any one store cash-generating unit that would be material to the Group as a whole in the next financial year.

The key assumptions to which the Tesco Bank goodwill recoverable amount is most sensitive are the discount rate, equity cash flows in
excess of the regulatory capital requirement and the long-term growth rate. The table below sets out the amount by which these
assumption values would have to change for the recoverable amount to equal the carrying amount.


                                                                                                                   Amount by which assumption value would
                                                                                                                        have to change for the recoverable
Key assumption                                                                       Assumption value                 amount to equal the carrying amount
Post-tax discount rate                                                                               10.2%                                  Increase of 0.5ppt

Annual equity cash flows                                                                           Variable                             Decrease of £17m p.a.
Long-term growth rate                                                                                 1.6%                                  Decrease of 2.5ppt




                                                                                46
Note 13 Other Investments

                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                            At       Fair value through other
                                                                                                     amortised        through comprehensive
                                                                                                          cost      profit/loss       income              Total
At 28 August 2021                                                                                          £m               £m             £m               £m
Investments in debt instruments(a)                                                                           929               -               603        1,532
Expected credit loss allowance                                                                                 -               -                      -       -

Investments in equity instruments                                                                              -               -                  9           9
Property fund investments     (b)
                                                                                                               -             25                       -     25

Other investments                                                                                           929              25                 612       1,566

Of which:

Current                                                                                                      196               -                152        348
Non-current                                                                                                  733             25                460        1,218

                                                                                                            929              25                 612       1,566
(a)
    Debt instruments held at fair value through other comprehensive income were recognised following the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited.
    Refer to Note 23.
(b)
    Property fund investments were recognised following the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 23.
                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                            At       Fair value through other
                                                                                                     amortised        through comprehensive
                                                                                                          cost      profit/loss       income              Total
At 27 February 2021                                                                                        £m               £m             £m               £m
Investments in debt instruments                                                                            928                -              -             928

Expected credit loss allowance                                                                                (1)              -                      -      (1)

Investments in equity instruments                                                                              -               -                 14          14

Other investments                                                                                            927               -                 14        941

Of which:
Current                                                                                                      175               -                  3         178

Non-current                                                                                                  752               -                  11       763

                                                                                                             927               -                 14        941




                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                            At       Fair value through other
                                                                                                     amortised        through comprehensive
                                                                                                          cost      profit/loss       income              Total
At 29 August 2020                                                                                          £m               £m             £m               £m
Investments in debt instruments                                                                            852                -              -             852

Expected credit loss allowance                                                                                 -               -                      -       -

Investments in equity instruments                                                                              -               -                 10          10

Other investments                                                                                           852                -                 10        862

Of which:
Current                                                                                                       26               -                      -     26

Non-current                                                                                                  826               -                 10        836

                                                                                                            852                -                 10        862




                                                                             47
Note 14 Inventories

                                                                                                                       28 August 27 February 29 August
                                                                                                                            2021        2021     2020
                                                                                                                             £m          £m        £m
Goods held for resale                                                                                                       2,220        2,066       2,251
Development properties                                                                                                           3            3           3

                                                                                                                            2,223         2,069      2,254


Cost of inventories from continuing operations recognised as an expense for the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 was £22,403m (26 weeks
ended 29 August 2020: £20,948m). Inventory losses and provisions from continuing operations recognised as an expense for the 26 weeks
ended 28 August 2021 were £502m (26 weeks ended 29 August 2020: £524m).

Note 15 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments

                                                                                                                      28 August 27 February 29 August
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  2021        2021    2020*
                                                                                                                            £m          £m        £m
Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                    2,198        2,495      4,101
Short-term deposits                                                                                                             21          15         23

Cash and cash equivalents in the Group balance sheet                                                                       2,219         2,510      4,124

Bank overdrafts                                                                                                             (665)        (532)     (1,370)

Cash and cash equivalents in the Group cash flow statement                                                                 1,554         1,978     2,754
* Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the prior year restatement in relation to notional cash pooling arrangements.

                                                                                                                      28 August 27 February 29 August
Short-term investments                                                                                                     2021        2021     2020
                                                                                                                            £m          £m        £m
Money market funds                                                                                                          2,331         1,011      942


Cash and cash equivalents includes £84m (27 February 2021: £101m, 29 August 2020: £61m) of restricted amounts mainly relating to the
Group’s pension schemes and employee benefit trusts.

Note 16 Insurance

On 4 May 2021 the Group acquired the remaining 50.1% ordinary share capital of its joint venture entity, Tesco Underwriting Limited (“TU”).
TU is an authorised insurance company which provides the insurance underwriting service for a number of the Group’s general insurance
products. Refer to Note 23 for further details regarding the acquisition.

Insurance profit/(loss)
                                                                                                                                                  26 weeks
                                                                                                                                                      2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                  £m
Gross insurance premium income                                                                                                                          94


Insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                           (42)


Current year claims paid                                                                                                                               (35)
Change in prior year claims provision                                                                                                                    15
Additional liabilities arising during the year                                                                                                          (41)
Total claims and benefits incurred                                                                                                                     (61)
Reinsurers’ share of claims and benefits incurred          (a)
                                                                                                                                                        34
Net insurance claims                                                                                                                                   (27)


Net insurance profit/(loss)(b)                                                                                                                          25
(a)
      Includes £5m related to Reinsurance quota share commission and Profit commission.
(b)
      The net insurance profit above arose subsequent to acquisition by the Group and is reported in the Tesco Bank operating segment.




                                                                                48
Note 16 Insurance continued

Insurance contract provisions and reinsurance assets
The following tables show the breakdown of the Group’s insurance contract provisions and reinsurance assets at 28 August 2021. As
balances in this note have arisen a result of the acquisition of TU on 4 May 2021, there are no prior period comparative balances for the
Group.
                                                                                                         Gross    Reinsurance              Net
                                                                                                           £m             £m               £m
Unearned premiums                                                                                           147            (60)              87

Claims reported by policy holders                                                                          539           (284)             255
Claims incurred but not reported                                                                           (31)             87               56

Total insurance contract provisions                                                                        655           (257)             398

Of which:

Current                                                                                                    190             (52)             138
Non-current                                                                                                465           (205)             260

                                                                                                           655           (257)             398




                                                                                                         Gross    Reinsurance              Net
Insurance contract provisions                                                                              £m             £m               £m
Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                   -              -               -

Acquired through business combination                                                                      650            (247)           403

Claims (paid)/recovered from insurers                                                                      (61)             20             (41)

Movement in claims incurred but not reported                                                               (15)              11             (4)

Claims reported in the period                                                                               75             (40)             35

Change in provision for unearned premiums                                                                    6              (1)              5

At 28 August 2021                                                                                          655           (257)            398



                                                                                                                                      28 August
                                                                                                                                           2021
Gross unearned premium                                                                                                                      £m
Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                                                   -

Acquired through business combination                                                                                                       141

Premium written during the period                                                                                                          100

Less: premiums earned during the period                                                                                                    (94)

At 28 August 2021                                                                                                                           147



                                                                                                         Gross       Recoveries            Net
Outstanding claims                                                                                         £m               £m             £m
Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                   -                   -          -

Acquired through business combination                                                                      509               (16)          493
Current period claims                                                                                       76                (3)           73
Change in prior period claims                                                                              (16)                   4        (12)
Current period claims paid                                                                                 (34)                   -        (34)
Prior period claims paid                                                                                   (27)                   -        (27)

At 28 August 2021                                                                                          508               (15)         493

Funds withheld

Funds withheld of £106m, included within trade and other payables, represent the balance due to reinsurers arising from Quota Share
arrangements, by which a fixed proportion of both premiums and losses are ceded to third party reinsurers as part of the overall
reinsurance protection strategy.



                                                                     49
Note 16 Insurance continued


Claims provision and development

The nature of insurance business makes it difficult to predict with certainty the likely outcome of any particular claim and the ultimate cost
of notified claims. Each notified claim is assessed on a separate, case-by-case basis with due regard to the claim circumstances and
historical evidence of the size of similar claims, and provisions are based on the latest information available. However, the ultimate
liabilities may vary as a result of subsequent developments.

The cost of outstanding claims and the incurred but not reported (IBNR) provisions are estimated using various statistical methods. Such
methods extrapolate the development of paid and incurred claims, average cost per claim and ultimate claim numbers for each accident
period based upon observed development of earlier periods, with reference to suitable benchmarks. Assumptions used for insurance
provisions are based on detailed studies, checked to ensure that they are consistent with observable market prices or other published
information, with greater emphasis on current trends where there is sufficient information. To the extent that assumptions use historical
claims development information, they also assume that the historical claims development pattern will occur again in the future, after
allowing (where possible) for instances where this might not be the case, such as changing economic or legal trends.

Provisions are initially estimated at a gross level and a separate calculation is carried out to estimate the size of reinsurance recoveries.
The Group is covered by a variety of excess of loss and quota share reinsurance programmes. The Group takes account of historical data,
specific details for individual large claims and details of the reinsurance programme to assess the expected size of reinsurance recoveries.

Insurance risk management

The Group is exposed to insurance risk through its wholly owned subsidiary, TU. The Group defines insurance risk as the risks accepted
through the provision of insurance products in return for a premium. These risks may or may not occur as expected and the amount and
timing of these risks are uncertain and determined by events outside of the Group’s control (e.g. flood or severe bodily injury motor
accidents).

TU underwrites motor and home insurance policies, typically of one-year duration, in the UK and Channel Islands. TU operates a separate
risk framework with dedicated risk and compliance teams and a suite of risk policies to ensure that the insurance portfolio is operating
within an agreed risk appetite, with monthly monitoring of the portfolio against specific performance indicator thresholds and limits. Risks
such as geographic concentration or high-severity, low frequency events (e.g. natural disasters in a particular area, severe bodily injury
motor accidents) are mitigated through a high-quality backed reinsurance portfolio, and TU undertakes a Stress and Scenario Testing
programme, considering multiple scenarios such as various adverse weather events, the hardening/softening of the insurance market and
severe large bodily injury losses.

Capital

Solvency II (SII) came into force on 1 January 2016. It provides a framework for managing and measuring the risks and the solvency position
for all insurance companies in the EU. Following the UK's departure from the EU, the SII framework continues to be applied in the UK and
its requirements are applicable to TU. TU assess its SCR using a Partial Internal Model for capital which was approved by the PRA in 2020.
TU models a range of stress and scenario tests that are published in its annual Solvency and Financial Condition Report. These show that
TU's capital position is resilient to a range of possible scenarios. TU also maintains a capital contingency plan supported by Tesco Bank. TU’s
available capital has remained above its SCR requirement during the period since the end of December 2020; and capital coverage of TU's
SCR at the end of August 2021 as assessed as materially the same as the position at the end of December 2020.



Note 17 Commercial income

Below are the commercial income balances included within inventories and trade and other receivables, or netted against trade and other
payables. Amounts received in advance of income being earned are included in accruals.

                                                                                                   28 August      27 February      29 August
                                                                                                        2021             2021          2020
                                                                                                         £m               £m             £m
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                               (14)           (24)             (19)
Trade and other receivables
  Trade/other receivables                                                                                  69              90             99
  Accrued income                                                                                          101             125             88

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
 Trade payables                                                                                           120             170             128
 Accruals                                                                                                  (1)             (2)             (2)




                                                                      50
Note 18 Borrowings


Borrowings are classified as current and non-current based on their scheduled redemption date and not their maturity date. Repayments
of principal amounts are classified as current if the repayment is scheduled to be made within one year of the reporting date. There have
been no redemptions or issuance of borrowings during the 26 week period ended 28 August 2021.

Current
                                                                                                            28 August 27 February                29 August
                                                                                                                 2021        2021                   2020(a)
                                                                                                                  £m          £m                       £m
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                            693              559             1,403
Borrowings    (b)
                                                                                                                     527               521             806
                                                                                                                    1,220            1,080           2,209

Non-current
                                                                                                           28 August         27 February         29 August
                                                                                                                2021                2021            2020(a)
                                                                                                                 £m                  £m                £m
Borrowings(b)                                                                                                   6,130                6,188           6,527
(a)
    Refer to Note 1 for details of the prior year restatement.
(b)
    £nil of current and £250m of non-current borrowings (27 February 2021: £1m and £250m, 29 August 2020: £461m and £554m) relate to borrowings
    issued by Tesco Bank.

Borrowing facilities
The Group has a £2.5bn undrawn committed facility available at 28 August 2021, in respect of which all conditions precedent had been met
as at that date, consisting of a syndicated revolving credit facility expiring in more than two years. All facilities incur commitment fees at
market rates and would provide funding at floating rates. There were no utilisations of the facility during the financial period.


Note 19 Financial instruments

The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and liabilities by level of fair value hierarchy:
•    quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);
•    inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices)
     or indirectly (that is derived from prices) (Level 2); and
•    inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (from unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

The fair values of financial instruments have been determined by reference to prices available from the markets on which the instruments
are traded, where they are available. Where market prices are not available, the fair value has been calculated by discounting expected
future cash flows at prevailing interest rates. The expected maturity of the financial assets and liabilities is not considered to be materially
different to their current and non-current classifications.
                                                                                                  Level 1        Level 2     Level 3      Total
At 28 August 2021                                                                                     £m             £m          £m         £m
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                           603                 -            9          612
Cash and cash equivalents at fair value through profit and loss                                                 -             26             -           26
Non-derivative financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                           -             23             2           25
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                           -             38             -           38
- Cross currency swaps                                                                                          -            284             -         284
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                            -           1,339            -        1,339
- Forward contracts                                                                                             -             47             -           47
Total assets                                                                                                                                          2,371


Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                           -           (368)            -        (368)
- Cross currency swaps                                                                                          -             (37)           -          (37)
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                            -           (583)            -        (583)
- Forward contracts                                                                                             -            (29)            -         (29)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                    (1,017)
Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                                             1,354




                                                                            51
Note 19 Financial instruments continued




                                                                                               Level 1     Level 2     Level 3        Total
At 27 February 2021                                                                               £m          £m          £m            £m
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    -           3           11             14
Cash and cash equivalents at fair value through profit and loss                                      -          14            -             14
Non-derivative financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                -           -            -             -
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                -          42            -         42
- Cross currency swaps                                                                               -         298            -        298
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                 -       1,080            -      1,080
- Forward contracts                                                                                  -          42            -         42
Total assets                                                                                                                         1,490


Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                -        (162)           -        (162)
- Cross currency swaps                                                                               -         (38)           -        (38)
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                 -        (729)           -        (729)
- Forward contracts                                                                                  -         (78)           -         (78)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                   (1,007)
Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                               483


                                                                                               Level 1     Level 2      Level 3       Total
At 29 August 2020                                                                                 £m          £m           £m           £m
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    -            -          10             10
Cash and cash equivalents at fair value through profit and loss                                      -          24            -             24
Non-derivative financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                -            -           -              -
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                -          59            -             59
- Cross currency swaps                                                                               -         487            -         487
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                 -         567            -         567
- Forward contracts                                                                                  -         284            -         284
Total assets                                                                                                                          1,431


Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments:
- Interest rate swaps                                                                                -         (80)           -         (80)
- Cross currency swaps                                                                               -          (11)          -          (11)
- Index-linked swaps                                                                                 -         (918)          -        (918)
- Forward contracts                                                                                  -        (106)          (8)        (114)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                    (1,123)
Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                               308


There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during the period (27 February 2021: £nil, 29 August 2020: £nil) and no transfers into and
out of Level 3 fair value measurements (27 February 2021: £nil, 29 August 2020: £nil).




                                                                        52
Note 19 Financial instruments continued

Carrying amounts versus fair values
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost is shown below. The table excludes cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investments, trade receivables/payables, and other receivables/payables where the carrying values approximate fair value:

                                                                     28 August 2021                  27 February 2021                     29 August 2020(a)
                                                                          £m                               £m                                   £m

                                                                  Carrying                        Carrying                Fair         Carrying               Fair
                                                                    value        Fair value         value                value           value               value
                                                                       £m               £m             £m                  £m               £m                 £m
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank                         6,405           6,559           6,402               6,618             7,285             7,454
Loans and advances to banks – Tesco Bank                                51              51               -                   -                 -                 -
Investment securities at amortised cost                                929             934              927                932              852                854
Joint ventures and associates loan receivables(b)                      102             130              122                153              128                192
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Borrowings
 Amortised cost                                                     (4,558)           (5,711)         (4,711)           (5,761)           (5,844)           (6,898)
 Bonds in fair value hedge relationships                             (2,792)         (2,913)         (2,557)           (2,658)            (2,892)            (2,901)
Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                      (5,035)         (5,038)          (5,738)           (5,744)            (6,637)           (6,647)
Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                      (1,125)         (1,125)          (600)             (600)              (500)              (500)
(a)
      Refer to Note 1 for details of the prior year restatement.
(b)
      Joint venture and associate loan receivables carrying amounts of £102m (27 February 2021: £122m, 29 August 2020: £128m) are presented in the Group balance
      sheet net of deferred profits of £38m (27 February 2021: £38m, 29 August 2020: £54m).


Tesco Bank expected credit loss (ECL)
Tesco Bank commissioned four scenarios from its third-party provider, all of which were based on an economic outlook that sought to
take account of the potential ramifications of the current COVID-19 pandemic. These scenarios included a Base scenario, an Upside
scenario and two different Downside scenarios. As the economic outlook remained uncertain, the Group's scenarios were based on
different projected shapes of the recovery, the speed at which consumer and business confidence would support the recovery of GDP
and the labour market, and success of the COVID‐19 vaccine roll out against emerging strains of the virus. The Base scenario anticipates
a prompt economic recovery to pre-pandemic levels driven by strong consumer spending following easing of restrictions. The Upside
scenario involves a sharper economic recovery driven by utilisation of savings built up in lockdown, while Downside 1 scenario assumes
a longer delay until the economy recovers driven by recurring restrictions. Downside 2 assumes vaccines will be ineffective against new
variants, leading to further national lockdowns. These scenarios are also reviewed to ensure an unbiased estimate of ECL by ensuring
the credit loss distribution under a larger number of scenarios is adequately captured using these four scenarios and their respective
weightings. The Base, Upside, Downside 1 and Downside 2 scenarios have been assigned weighting of 40%, 30%, 25% and 5%
respectively.
The weighted economic measures from the scenarios are as follows:


                                                                                                   Base         Upside     Downside 1        Downside 2
As at 28 August 2021 (5 year average)                                                              40%            30%           25%                 5%
Bank of England base rate(a)                                                                      0.4%           0.6%             0.2%              0.0%
Gross domestic product(b)                                                                          3.2%          3.7%             2.8%              2.3%
Unemployment rate           (a)
                                                                                                  5.0%           4.5%             6.2%              8.2%
Unemployment rate peak in year                                                                     5.3%          4.8%             6.8%               9.1%



                                                                                                   Base         Upside     Downside 1        Downside 2
As at 29 August 2020 (5 year average)                                                              50%            34%            15%                1%
Bank of England base rate(a)                                                                       0.1%           0.1%            0.1%               0.1%
Gross domestic product            (b)
                                                                                                    1.1%          1.7%            0.4%               0.1%
Unemployment rate           (a)
                                                                                                   6.3%          4.8%             9.1%              11.8%
Unemployment rate peak in year                                                                     7.2%           5.1%            10.1%             13.0%
(a)
      Simple average
(b)
      Annual growth rates




                                                                                   53
Note 19 Financial instruments continued

Key assumptions and sensitivity
The key assumptions to which the Tesco Bank ECL is most sensitive are the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), PD
threshold (staging), and expected lifetime (revolving credit facilities). The table below sets out the changes in the ECL allowance that would
arise from reasonably possible changes in these assumptions from those used in Tesco Bank’s calculations as at 28 August 2021.


                                                                                                 Impact on the loss allowance
                                                                                           28 August         27 February          29 August
                                                             Reasonably possible                2021                2021              2020
                                                             change                              £m                  £m                 £m
Closing ECL allowance                                                                             579                625                650
Macroeconomic factors (100% weighted)                        Upside scenario                      (28)               (66)               (83)
                                                             Base scenario                         (8)                 (1)                24
                                                             Downside scenario 1                    31                 57                 99
                                                             Downside scenario 2                   79                 117                181
Probability of default                                       Increase of 2.5%                        7                  8                 13
                                                             Decrease of 2.5%                       (7)                (8)               (13)
Loss given default                                           Increase of 2.5%                       9                  10                 15
                                                             Decrease of 2.5%                       (9)               (10)               (15)
Probability of default threshold (staging)                   Increase of 20%                        (9)                (7)               (19)
                                                             Decrease of 20%                        12                 11                 21
Expected lifetime (revolving credit facilities)              Increase of 1 year                     11                  9                  4
                                                             Decrease of 1 year                    (10)                (9)                (4)


The Covid‐19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the global economy and there remains a large degree of uncertainty around the
impact on unemployment and the speed and shape of any economic recovery. The extension of government support measures such as
furlough has been unprecedented and this, coupled with the granting of payment holidays by the Group, has distorted the historically
observed relationship between unemployment and default. Projected levels of unemployment have fallen from the expectation held at
year end, however the Group has yet to see significant defaults emerge in its lending portfolio. As such, Covid‐19 specific adjustments to
the Group’s modelled ECL provision, to capture the estimated impact of the stress within the ECL provision, have been recognised for an
overall post-model adjustment of £240m which includes three management overlays. A first £174m adjustment is in respect of the
beneficial modelling impact of lower consumer spending through the pandemic. An increase or decrease of 10% on the adjustment for
lower drawn balances would not result in a material increase or decrease of this management overlay. A second £57m adjustment aligns
the potential recovery to the shape of previous economic downturns, and a third £9m adjustment is to recognise an increase in credit risk
in respect of customers who sought an extension to their initial payment holiday.



Note 20 Post-employment benefits

Pensions
The Group operates a variety of post-employment benefit arrangements, covering both funded and unfunded defined benefit schemes and
defined contribution schemes.
The principal defined benefit pension plan within the Group is the Tesco PLC Pension Scheme (the Scheme), a UK scheme closed to future
accrual. The most recent completed triennial actuarial assessment of the Scheme was performed as at 31 December 2019 using the
projected unit credit method. Subsequent to this triennial actuarial assessment it was agreed that no further pension deficit contributions
would be required, with contributions being assessed at the next triennial review.
The Trustees of the Londis pension scheme entered into a buy-in agreement to secure the Londis Scheme’s pension benefits in full with an
insurer through the purchase of a bulk annuity policy. A one-off premium of £8m was paid to the insurer on 24 March 2021. The Trustees
have subsequently announced that the buy-in will be converted to a buy-out, with individual annuity policies issued to Londis Scheme
members, and the Londis Scheme will be wound up. Commencement of the wind up was triggered on 29 June 2021. The estimated charge
in respect of this transaction is £1m based on the market conditions on the wind-up date and has been included in the Group income
statement.




                                                                      54
Note 20 Post-employment benefits continued


Summary of movements in Group deficit during the financial period
Changes in the Group deficit, including movements of discontinued operations up to classification as held for sale.

                                                                                                                 28 August       27 February         29 August
                                                                                                                      2021             2021*            2020*
                                                                                                                       £m                £m                £m
Deficit in schemes at the beginning of the period                                                                    (1,222)           (3,085)              (3,085)
Current service cost                                                                                                     (21)               (41)               (22)
Past service cost                                                                                                          -                 (7)                  -
Finance income/(cost)                                                                                                     (11)             (43)                (28)
Included in the Group income statement                                                                                   (32)              (91)                (50)
Remeasurement gain/(loss)
    Financial assumptions gain/(loss)                                                                                (3,562)            (1,193)              (1,712)
    Demographic assumptions gain/(loss)                                                                                   23                 18               (102)
    Experience gain/(loss)                                                                                                 5               354                   79
    Return on plan assets excluding finance income                                                                    4,180               (136)                623
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                2               (3)                 (8)
Included in the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)                                                           648             (960)              (1,120)
Employer contributions                                                                                                    15                34                  22
Additional employer contributions                                                                                          9            2,836                  147
Benefits paid                                                                                                              2                 15                 14
Classified as held for sale                                                                                                -                29                  29
Other movements                                                                                                           26            2,914                  212
Deficit in schemes at the end of the period                                                                            (580)            (1,222)             (4,043)
Deferred tax asset                                                                                                       125               218                 751
Deficit in schemes at the end of the period, net of deferred tax                                                       (455)           (1,004)              (3,292)
* Movement in relation to discontinued operations for the year ended 27 February 2021 included £(1)m (29 August 2020: £(1)m) within the income statement,
  £(6)m (29 August 2020: £1m) in Group statement of comprehensive income/loss and £2m (29 August 2020: £nil) in other movements.


Scheme principal assumptions
The major financial assumptions, used to value the defined benefit obligation of the Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                 28 August       27 February          29 August
                                                                                                                      2021              2021              2020
                                                                                                                        %                 %                  %
Discount rate                                                                                                             1.6               2.0                  1.7
Price inflation                                                                                                           3.2               2.9                 2.9
Rate of increase in deferred pensions*                                                                                    2.8               2.5                  2.1
Rate of increase in pensions in payment*
  Benefits accrued before 1 June 2012                                                                                    3.0                2.8                 2.7
  Benefits accrued after 1 June 2012                                                                                      2.7               2.5                 2.2
* In excess of any Guaranteed Minimum Pension (GMP) element.

If the discount rate assumption increased by 0.1% or 1.0%, the Scheme defined benefit obligation would decrease by approximately £586m
or £5,106m respectively. If this assumption decreased by 0.1% or 1.0%, the Scheme defined benefit obligation would increase by
approximately £609m or £7,214m respectively.
If the inflation assumption increased by 0.1% or 1.0%, the Scheme defined benefit obligation would increase by approximately £539m or
£5,949m respectively. If this assumption decreased by 0.1% or 1.0%, the Scheme defined benefit obligation would decrease by
approximately £515m or £4,684m respectively.
Movements in the defined benefit obligation from discount rate and inflation rate changes may be partially offset by movements in assets.




                                                                                55
Note 21 Analysis of changes in net debt
                                                                                                                     Non-cash movements
                                                     Cash flows             Fair
                                              At 27 arising from Other     value            Interest Acquisitions                                                 At 28
                                           February    financing cash gains/       Foreign income/            and      Discontinued                              August
                                               2021    activities flows (losses) exchange (charge) disposals (a) Other   operations                                2021
                                                £m            £m     £m      £m        £m        £m            £m  £m            £m                                 £m
Total Group
Bank and other borrowings,                     (6,736)             47      107          2            18      (102)            (21)       -               -       (6,685)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                             (8,402)            288      207           -             5      (207)              -     (113)             (5)       (8,227)
Net derivative financial instruments              455              39         4       216            -        (23)              -        -               -           691
Arising from financing activities            (14,683)            374      318         218           23      (332)             (21)   (113)              (5)      (14,221)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                2,510               -    (379)          -           60          -               -        -              28         2,219
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)                                   (532)               -     (98)          -             -         .-              -        -             (35)        (665)
Cash and cash equivalents                       1,978               -    (477)          -           60          -               -        -               (7)       1,554
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Short-term investments                           1,011              -    1,320          -            -          -               -        -               -         2,331
Joint venture loans                               122               -        -          -             1         -            (21)        -               -           102
Interest and other receivables                       -              -       (2)         -            -          2               -        -               -             -
Net debt of the disposal group                   (141)              -        -          -            -          -             110        -               12          (19)
Total Group                                   (11,713)           374    1,159         218           84      (330)              68    (113)               -       (10,253)
Tesco Bank
Bank and other borrowings,                       (487)             21        2          -            -         (2)           (21)        -               -          (487)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                                 (30)              1        -          -            -           -              -        -               -           (29)
Net derivative financial instruments              (42)              -        -         13            -          -               -        -               -           (29)
Arising from financing activities                (559)             22        2         13            -         (2)           (21)        -               -         (545)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                  780               -    (266)          -            -          -               -        -               -          514
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)                                        -              -        -          -            -          -               -        -               -             -
Cash and cash equivalents                         780               -    (266)          -            -          -               -        -               -           514
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Joint ventures loans                                21              -        -          -            -          -            (21)        -               -             -
Tesco Bank                                        242              22   (264)          13            -         (2)           (42)        -               -           (31)
Retail
Bank and other borrowings,                     (6,249)             26     105           2            18      (100)              -        -               -        (6,198)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                              (8,372)           287      207           -             5      (207)              -     (113)             (5)       (8,198)
Net derivative financial instruments              497              39         4      203             -        (23)              -        -               -          720
Arising from financing activities             (14,124)           352      316        205            23      (330)               -    (113)              (5)      (13,676)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                1,730               -     (113)         -           60          -               -        -              28         1,705
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)                                   (532)               -     (98)          -             -         -               -        -             (35)        (665)
Cash and cash equivalents                        1,198              -     (211)         -           60          -               -        -               (7)      1,040
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Short-term investments                           1,011              -    1,320          -            -          -               -        -               -         2,331
Joint ventures loans                               101              -        -          -             1         -               -        -               -           102
Interest and other receivables                       -              -       (2)         -            -          2               -        -               -             -
Net debt of the disposal group                   (141)              -        -          -            -          -             110        -               12          (19)
Net debt                                      (11,955)           352    1,423        205            84      (328)             110    (113)               -       (10,222)
(a)
    Movements in Group net debt arising from disposal of the Group’s Poland operations and acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Notes 6 and 23.
(b)
    Overdraft balances are included within bank and other borrowings in the Group balance sheet, and within cash and cash equivalents in the Group cash flow
    statement. Refer to Note 15.
(c)
    Refer to Note 1 for details of the prior year restatement.

                                                                              56
Note 21 Analysis of changes in net debt continued

Net debt excludes the net debt of Tesco Bank but includes that of discontinued operations. Balances and movements in respect of the
total Group and Tesco Bank are presented to allow reconciliation between the Group balance sheet and the Group cash flow statement.

                                                                                                       Non-cash movements
                                                           Cash flows             Fair
                                                    At 29 arising from Other     value            Interest Acquisitions                       At 29
                                                 February    financing cash gains/       Foreign income/            and      Discontinued    August
                                                    2020     activities flows (losses) exchange (charge) disposals (a) Other   operations     2020
                                                      £m            £m     £m      £m        £m        £m            £m  £m            £m       £m
Total Group
Bank and other borrowings,                          (7,118)       (161)    113            1     (92)     (109)         -       -        -     (7,366)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                                  (9,566)        321      252            -      (8)     (252)         -    (312)    809      (8,756)
Net derivative financial instruments                  198         224      (14)        (133)      1        (2)         -       -        -       274

Arising from financing activities                 (16,486)       384       351         (132)   (99)      (363)         -    (312)    809     (15,848)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                    4,137            -    606             -     (21)        -          -       -    (598)     4,124
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)(c)                                   (1,106)           -    (316)           -       -         -          -       -       52    (1,370)
Cash and cash equivalents                           3,031            -    290             -     (21)        -          -       -    (546)     2,754
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Short-term investments                              1,076            -    (134)           -       -         -          -       -        -       942
Joint venture loans                                   127            -        1           -       -         -          -       -        -        128
Interest and other receivables                           1           -      (5)           -       -         7          -       -        -          3
Net debt of the disposal group                           -           -       -            -       -         -          -       -     (263)     (263)
Total Group                                       (12,251)       384      503          (132)   (120)     (356)         -    (312)       -    (12,284)
Tesco Bank
Bank and other borrowings,                         (1,260)           -       2           10       -        (2)         -       -        -     (1,250)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                                     (33)          2         1           -       -         (1)        -       -        -        (31)
Net derivative financial instruments                  (45)           -       -          (21)      -         -          -       -        -        (66)
Arising from financing activities                  (1,338)          2        3          (11)      -        (3)         -       -        -     (1,347)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                    1,364            -     216            -       -         -          -       -        -     1,580
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)(c)                                         -           -       -            -       -         -          -       -        -          -
Cash and cash equivalents                           1,364            -     216            -       -         -          -       -        -      1,580
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Joint ventures loans                                    21           -       -            -       -         -          -       -        -         21
Tesco Bank                                             47           2      219          (11)      -        (3)         -       -        -       254
Retail
Bank and other borrowings,                         (5,858)        (161)     111          (9)    (92)     (107)         -       -        -     (6,116)
excluding overdrafts
Lease liabilities                                  (9,533)        319      251            -      (8)     (251)         -    (312)    809      (8,725)
Net derivative financial instruments                 243          224      (14)        (112)      1        (2)         -       -        -       340
Arising from financing activities                 (15,148)       382      348          (121)   (99)     (360)          -    (312)    809     (14,501)
Cash and cash equivalents in the                    2,773            -    390             -     (21)        -          -       -    (598)     2,544
Group balance sheet
Overdrafts(b)(c)                                   (1,106)           -    (316)           -       -         -          -       -       52    (1,370)
Cash and cash equivalents                           1,667            -      74            -     (21)        -          -       -    (546)      1,174
(including overdrafts) in the Group
cash flow statement
Short-term investments                              1,076            -    (134)           -       -         -          -       -        -       942
Joint ventures loans                                  106            -        1           -       -         -          -       -        -        107
Interest and other receivables                           1           -      (5)           -       -         7          -       -        -          3
Net debt of the disposal group                           -           -       -            -       -         -          -       -     (263)     (263)
Net debt                                          (12,298)       382      284          (121)   (120)     (353)         -    (312)       -    (12,538)
(a)-(c) Refer to previous table for footnotes.

                                                                                  57
Note 21 Analysis of changes in net debt continued

                                                                                                                                       28 August       29 August
Reconciliation of net cash flow to movement in Net debt
                                                                                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts                                                                      (477)         290
Elimination of Tesco Bank movement in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts                                                            266         (216)
Retail cash movement in other Net debt items:
  Net increase/(decrease) in short-term investments                                                                                            1,320        (134)
  Net increase/(decrease) in joint venture loans                                                                                                  -             1
  Net (increase)/decrease in borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                   313          158
  Net cash flows from derivative financial instruments                                                                                           39          224
  Net interest paid on components of Net debt                                                                                                   314         343
Change in Net debt resulting from cash flow                                                                                                    1,775        666
Retail net interest charge on components of Net debt                                                                                           (328)        (353)
Retail fair value and foreign exchange movements                                                                                                289         (241)
Retail other non-cash movements                                                                                                                (113)        (312)
Disposal of Poland operations (Note 6)                                                                                                           110            -
(Increase)/decrease in Net debt                                                                                                                1,733       (240)
Opening Net debt                                                                                                                           (11,955)      (12,298)
Closing Net debt                                                                                                                          (10,222)       (12,538)




Note 22 Called up share capital


                                                                                        26 weeks ended                               52 weeks ended
                                                                                        28 August 2021                               27 February 2021
                                                                                      Number of                                  Number of
                                                                                       Ordinary                                   Ordinary
                                                                                         shares                     £m              shares                   £m
Allotted, called up and fully paid:
At the beginning of the year                                                    7,731,707,820                      490       9,793,496,561                  490
Share consolidation (including shares issued)*                                                  -                     -      (2,061,788,741)                   -
At the beginning and end of the financial period                                7,731,707,820                      490       7,731,707,820                  490
* To effect the share consolidation, 11 additional Ordinary shares were issued so that the total Ordinary shares is exactly divisible by 19.

In order to maintain the comparability of the Company’s share price before and after a special dividend of £4.9bn was declared in the prior
financial year, a share consolidation was approved at the General Meeting held on 11 February 2021. Shareholders received 15 new Ordinary
shares of 6 ⅓ pence each for every existing 19 Ordinary shares of 5 pence each.
No shares were issued during the current financial period in relation to share options or bonus awards.

The holders of Ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
general meetings of Tesco PLC (the Company).
Own shares purchased

Own shares represent the shares of Tesco PLC that are held in Treasury or by the Employee Benefit Trust. Own shares are recorded at cost
and are deducted from equity.
The own shares held represents the cost of shares in Tesco PLC purchased in the market and held by the Tesco International Employee
Benefit Trust to satisfy share awards under the Group’s share scheme plans. The number of Ordinary shares held by the Tesco
International Employee Benefit Trust at 28 August 2021 was 51.3 million (27 February 2021: 58.4 million). This represents 0.66% of called-up
share capital at the end of the financial period (27 February 2021: 0.76%).

No own shares held of Tesco PLC were cancelled during the financial periods presented.




                                                                                 58
Note 23 Business combinations

On 4 May 2021 the Group acquired the remaining 50.1% ordinary share capital of its joint venture entity, Tesco Underwriting Limited (“TU"),
from its joint venture partner, Ageas (UK) Limited. TU is an authorised insurance company which provides the insurance underwriting
service for a number of the Group’s general insurance products.

The transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of a business in accordance with IFRS 3 ‘Business Combinations’. The acquisition
is in line with the Group's strategy of focusing on propositions which better meet the needs of Tesco shoppers. The investment will
significantly enhance the Group's insurance capability. Total cash consideration of £90m has been paid to date, with an additional deferred
payment of £5m due to be paid on expiry of the exit period, subject to the fulfilment of the joint venture partner's obligations in relation to
the migration and transition of the TU business to the Group. Expiry of the exit period is expected to be one year from the acquisition date.

In line with the requirements of IFRS 3, the existing equity interest in TU held by the Group immediately before the acquisition date was
remeasured to a fair value of £89m. This resulted in a remeasurement gain for the Group of £5m, included in the Group income statement.
The Group also recognised a gain of £5m in relation to its share of TU's available-for-sale (AFS) reserve immediately prior to acquisition,
included in the Group income statement.

The table below shows the total purchase consideration of the acquisition in the period:


                                                                                                                                Consideration
                                                                                                                                          £m
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                       90
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                        5
Non-cash settlement of pre-existing relationships                                                                                              12
Fair value of the Group’s initial 49.9% investment                                                                                            89
Total purchase consideration                                                                                                                196



The table below sets out the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired:



                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                                                           £m



Assets
Cash and balances with central banks                                                                                                            9
Loans and advances to banks                                                                                                                   33
Investment securities                                                                                                                       635
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                          247
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                                  2
Other assets                                                                                                                                  24
Intangible assets                                                                                                                              18
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                    1
Total assets                                                                                                                               969


Liabilities
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                                                  (15)
Other liabilities                                                                                                                             (5)
Deferred income tax liability                                                                                                                  (2)
Insurance funds withheld                                                                                                                  (100)
Insurance contract provisions                                                                                                            (650)
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                                                      (21)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                         (793)
Total fair value acquired                                                                                                                     176


Total purchase consideration                                                                                                                  196
Less: Fair value acquired                                                                                                                     176
Goodwill recognised                                                                                                                           20



                                                                        59
Note 23 Business combinations continued

The goodwill arising on the acquisition is primarily attributable to synergies which are expected to be realised from the acquisition and
having full control over the insurance business and has been allocated to the Tesco Bank segment. None of the goodwill is expected to be
deductible for tax purposes. Acquired intangible assets comprise internally generated computer software of £18m, which is amortised over
a period of 5 years. The fair value of acquired insurance and other receivables was £26m.

The contribution of the business since acquisition to operating profit and profit before tax was £24m and £12m respectively. If the
acquisition had occurred on 28 February 2021, the Group’s total income net of insurance claims for the year would have increased by £12m
to £36m and the profit before tax would have increased by £4m to £16m.

Transaction costs of £1m, included in administrative expenses, were incurred by the Group in relation to the acquisition during the period
to 28 August 2021 (29 August 2020: £2m).

Note 24 Contingent liabilities

There are a number of contingent liabilities that arise in the normal course of business, which if realised, are not expected to result in a
material liability to the Group. The Group recognises provisions for liabilities when it is more likely than not that a settlement will be
required and the value of such a payment can be reliably estimated.


In September 2020 two claimant law firms issued proceedings against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of or in connection with the
overstatement of profit announced in 2014.These claims have now been settled and the Group has taken an exceptional charge in the
amount of £193m as a result of settlement and associated legal costs. Given that the legal timeframe for bringing a claim has now elapsed,
no further related claims can be brought by shareholders.


Prior to the disposal of its Korean operations (Homeplus), Tesco PLC provided guarantees in respect of 13 Homeplus lease agreements in
Korea in the event of termination of the relevant lease agreement by the landlord due to Homeplus’ default. Entities controlled by MBK
Partners and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board as the purchasers of Homeplus, undertook to procure Tesco PLC’s release from these
guarantees following the disposal of Homeplus. At 29 August 2021, three guarantees remained outstanding. This liability decreases over
time with all relevant leases expiring in the period between 2027 and 2028. The maximum potential liability under these outstanding
guarantees is between KRW 64bn (£40m) and KRW 92bn (£57m). In the event that the guarantees are called, the potential economic
outflow is estimated at KRW 34bn (£21m), with funds of KRW 21bn (£13m) placed in escrow to provide the payment mechanism for these
guarantees. The net potential outflow to Tesco is therefore estimated at KRW 13bn (£8m). Additionally, Tesco PLC has the benefit of an
indemnity from the purchasers of Homeplus for any claims made over and above the amounts in escrow.


Following the sale of Homeplus for £4.2bn in 2015, Tesco Stores Limited and Tesco Holdings B.V received claims from the purchasers
relating to the sale of the business. In July 2020, an Arbitral Tribunal dismissed the majority of the claims. It made findings of liability in
relation to the remaining claims and on 17 September 2021 made a Final Award of a payment from the Group to the purchasers of £119m in
damages, interest and costs. Arbitration judgments are final and may not be appealed by either party. This was recognised as an adjusting
post balance sheet event, with an exceptional discontinued charge increasing the provision held by £33m. The Final Award was cash settled
on 30 September.


As previously reported, Tesco Stores Limited has received claims from current and former Tesco store colleagues alleging that their work is
of equal value to that of colleagues working in Tesco’s distribution centres and that differences in terms and conditions relating to pay are
not objectively justifiable. The claimants are seeking the differential between the pay terms looking back, and equivalence of pay terms
moving forward. At present, the likely number of claims that may be received and the merit, likely outcome and potential impact on the
Group of any such litigation is subject to a number of significant uncertainties and therefore, the Group cannot make any assessment of
the likely outcome or quantum of any such litigation as at the date of this disclosure. There are substantial factual and legal defences to
these claims and the Group intends to vigorously defend them.




                                                                        60
Note 25 Events after reporting period

On 17 September 2021, an arbitral tribunal made a Final Award in relation to claims from the purchasers relating to the sale of Homeplus
(Korea) in 2015. Refer to Note 24 for further details.

On 4 October 2021, the Group repaid gross debt totalling £375m, consisting of £293m of debt and £82m of swap break costs. This had no
impact on net debt.




                                                                    61
  Glossary – Alternative performance measures

  Introduction
  In the reporting of financial information, the Directors have adopted various APMs.
  These measures are not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and therefore may not be directly comparable with
  other companies’ APMs, including those in the Group’s industry.

  APMs should be considered in addition to, and are not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measurements.
  Purpose
  The Directors believe that these APMs assist in providing additional useful information on the underlying trends, performance and position
  of the Group.
  APMs are also used to enhance the comparability of information between reporting periods and geographical units (such as like-for-like
  sales), by adjusting for non-recurring or uncontrollable factors which affect IFRS measures, to aid users in understanding the Group’s
  performance.
  Consequently, APMs are used by the Directors and management for performance analysis, planning, reporting and incentive-setting
  purposes.

  Some of the Group’s IFRS measures are translated at constant exchange rates. Constant exchange rates are the average actual periodic
  exchange rates for the previous financial period and are used to eliminate the effects of exchange rate fluctuations in assessing
  performance. Actual exchange rates are the average actual periodic exchange rates for that financial period.

  Changes to APMs
  The Directors and management have redefined Retail free cash flow to exclude cash flows from business acquisitions and disposals,
  investments in joint ventures and associates, cash flows from the sale of property and other fixed assets, buyback of property and other
  exceptional cash flows. This provides a more consistent and predictable view of free cash flow generated by the core retail operation by
  adjusting for non-recurring, volatile or uncontrollable factors which may be driven by external events or non-operational business
  decisions such as acquisitions and disposals of properties as opportunities arise. The Retail operating cash flow and Free cash flow APMs
  are no longer used following the redefinition of the Retail free cash flow APM.
  The Directors and management have simplified the naming of the Group’s profit and EPS APMs. References to: before exceptional items,
  amortisation of acquired intangibles, net pension finance costs and/or fair value remeasurements of financial instruments, as applicable,
  have been replaced with “adjusted” in the names of the measures. Their definitions remain unchanged and there has been no impact on
  current or on previously reported figures.
  The Directors and management have added Net debt / EBITDA ratio as a new indebtedness APM, which is defined as Net debt divided by
  Retail EBITDA. This metric is used to demonstrate the Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations and removes any distortion
  associated with the volatility of IAS 19 pension movements included in the existing Total indebtedness ratio APM. Since the new APM is
  intended to provide additional useful information on underlying indebtedness trends, Directors and management will continue to present
  the existing indebtedness APMs.
                          Closest equivalent      Adjustments to reconcile
APM                       IFRS measure            to IFRS measure                Definition and purpose
Income statement
Revenue measures
  Group sales             Revenue                 − Exclude sales made at        − Excludes the impact of sales made at petrol filling stations to demonstrate
                                                    petrol filling stations        the Group’s underlying performance in the core retail and financial
                                                                                   services businesses by removing the volatilities associated with the
                                                                                   movement in fuel prices. This is a key management incentive metric.
  Growth in sales         No direct               − Consistent with              − Growth in sales is a ratio that measures year-on-year movement in
                          equivalent                accounting policy              Group sales for continuing operations for 26 weeks. It shows the annual
                                                                                   rate of increase in the Group’s sales and is considered a good indicator
                                                                                   of how rapidly the Group’s core business is growing.
  Like-for-like           No direct               − Consistent with              − Like-for-like is a measure of growth in Group online sales and sales from
                          equivalent                accounting policy              stores that have been open for at least a year (but excludes prior year
                                                                                   sales of stores closed during the year) at constant foreign exchange
                                                                                   rates. It is a widely used indicator of a retailer’s current trading
                                                                                   performance and is important when comparing growth between
                                                                                   retailers that have different profiles of expansion, disposals and
                                                                                   closures.
  Retail sales            Revenue                 − Exclude Tesco Bank sales     − Group sales excluding Tesco Bank sales to demonstrate the Group’s
                                                  − Exclude sales made at          underlying performance in the core Retail businesses.
                                                    petrol filling stations
  Profit measures
  Adjusted operating      Operating profit*       − Exceptional items            − Adjusted operating profit is the headline measure of the Group’s
  profit                                          − Amortisation of acquired       performance, and is based on operating profit from continuing
                                                    intangibles                    operations before the impact of exceptional items and amortisation of
                                                                                   intangible assets acquired in business combinations. Exceptional items
                                                                                   relate to certain cost or incomes that derive from events or
                                                                                   transactions that fall within the normal activities of the Group but
                                                                                   which, individually or, if of similar type, in aggregate, are excluded by
                                                                                   virtue of their size and nature in order to reflect management’s view of
                                                                                   the underlying performance of the Group. This is a key management
                                                                                   incentive metric.
  Retail adjusted         Operating profit*      − Tesco Bank operating          − Retail adjusted operating profit is a measure of the Group’s operating
  operating profit                                 profit                          profit from continuing operations from the Retail business excluding
                                                 − Retail exceptional items        Tesco Bank. It is based on adjusted operating profit excluding Tesco
                                                 − Retail amortisation of          Bank.
                                                   acquired intangibles
* Operating profit is presented on the Group income statement. It is not defined per IFRS, however, is a generally accepted profit measure




                                                                               62
Glossary – Alternative performance measures continued

                            Closest equivalent     Adjustments to reconcile
APM                         IFRS measure           to IFRS measure                Definition and purpose

Profit measures continued
 Operating margin           No direct equivalent   − Consistent with              − Operating margin is calculated as adjusted operating profit divided
                                                     accounting policy              by revenue. Progression in operating margin is an important
                                                                                    indicator of the Group’s operating efficiency.
 Retail earnings before     Operating profit*      − Exceptional items            − This measure is based on Retail operating profit from continuing
 exceptional items,                                − Depreciation and               operations. It excludes Retail exceptional items, depreciation and
                                                     amortisation                   amortisation and is used to derive the Total indebtedness ratio and
 interest, tax,
                                                   − Tesco Bank earnings            Fixed charge cover APMs.
 depreciation and                                    before exceptional items,
 amortisation (Retail                                interest, tax,
 EBITDA)                                             depreciation and
                                                     amortisation
                                                   − Discontinued operations
 Adjusted profit before     Profit before tax      − Exceptional items            − This measure excludes exceptional items and amortisation of
 tax                                               − Amortisation of acquired       acquired intangibles, net finance costs of the defined benefit
                                                     intangibles                    pension deficit and fair value remeasurements of financial
                                                   − Net pension finance            instruments. Net pension finance costs are impacted by corporate
                                                     costs                          bond yields, which can fluctuate significantly and are reset each
                                                   − Fair value                     year based on often volatile external market factors. Fair value
                                                     remeasurements of              remeasurements are impacted by changes to credit risk and various
                                                     financial instruments          market indices, which can fluctuate significantly. Also included in
                                                                                    these items are fair value remeasurements of financial instruments
                                                                                    resulting from liability management exercises.
 Adjusted total finance     Finance costs          − Exceptional items            − This measure is the net finance costs adjusted for non-recurring
 costs                                             − Net pension finance            one-off items, net pension finance costs and fair value
                                                     costs                          remeasurements of financial instruments. Net pension finance
                                                   − Fair value                     costs are impacted by corporate bond yields, which can fluctuate
                                                     remeasurements of              significantly and are reset each year based on often volatile external
                                                     financial instruments          market factors. Fair value remeasurements are impacted by
                                                                                    changes to credit risk and various market indices, which can
                                                                                    fluctuate significantly. Also included in these items are fair value
                                                                                    remeasurements of financial instruments resulting from liability
                                                                                    management exercises.


 Adjusted diluted           Diluted earnings per   − Exceptional items            − This relates to adjusted profit after tax attributable to owners of the
 earnings per share         share                  − Amortisation of acquired       parent divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                     intangibles                    in issue during the financial period adjusted for the effects of
                                                   − Discontinued operations        potentially dilutive share options.
                                                   − Net pension finance          − It excludes net pension finance costs and fair value
                                                     costs                          remeasurements of financial instruments. Net pension finance
                                                   − Fair value                     costs are impacted by corporate bond yields, which can fluctuate
                                                     remeasurements of              significantly and are reset each year based on often volatile external
                                                     financial instruments          market factors. Fair value remeasurements are impacted by
                                                                                    changes to credit risk and various market indices, which can
                                                                                    fluctuate significantly. Also included in these items are fair value
                                                                                    remeasurements of financial instruments resulting from liability
                                                                                    management exercises.



 Adjusted diluted           Diluted earnings per   − Exceptional items            − This relates to adjusted profit after tax attributable to owners of the
 earnings per share         share                  − Amortisation of acquired       parent divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                     intangibles                    in issue during the financial period adjusted for the effects of
 (adjusted for share
                                                   − Discontinued operations        potentially dilutive share options.
 consolidation)                                    − Net pension finance          − It is adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive share options and
                                                     costs                          to reflect the full impact of the share consolidation as if it had taken
                                                   − Fair value                     place at the start of the previous financial year. This metric is used
                                                     remeasurements of              to demonstrate the underlying earnings per share of the Group’s
                                                     financial instruments          continuing operations, and removes any distortion from the sale of
                                                   − Weighted average               the Group’s businesses in Thailand and Malaysia, as the earnings
                                                     number of diluted shares       from discontinued operations are excluded, but the weighted
                                                                                    average share base used in the statutory IAS 33 denominator does
                                                                                    not reflect the full impact of the share consolidation and special
                                                                                    dividend. To aid comparability, this APM, which is presented on a
                                                                                    basis other than in accordance with IAS 33, includes the full impact
                                                                                    of the share consolidation as if it had taken place at the start of the
                                                                                    previous financial year.
                                                                                  − It excludes net pension finance costs and fair value
                                                                                    remeasurements of financial instruments. Net pension finance
                                                                                    costs are impacted by corporate bond yields, which can fluctuate
                                                                                    significantly and are reset each year based on often volatile external
                                                                                    market factors. Fair value remeasurements are impacted by
                                                                                    changes to credit risk and various market indices, which can
                                                                                    fluctuate significantly. Also included in these items are fair value
                                                                                    remeasurements of financial instruments resulting from liability
                                                                                    management exercises. This is a key management incentive metric




                                                                             63
 Glossary – Alternative performance measures continued

                            Closest
                            equivalent
                            IFRS          Adjustments to reconcile to IFRS
APM                         measure       measure                                   Definition and Purpose

 Tax measures
 Effective tax rate on                    − Exceptional items and                   - Effective tax rate on adjusted Group operating profit is calculated as
                            Effective       their tax impact                           total income tax credit/(charge) excluding the tax impact of
 adjusted operating
                            tax rate      − Amortisation of acquired                   exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles from
 profit
                                            intangibles and their tax impact           continuing operations divided by adjusted operating profit. This
                                                                                       provides an indication of the ongoing tax rate across the Group.
 Effective tax rate on                    − Exceptional items and                    - Effective tax rate on adjusted Group profit before tax is calculated as
                            Effective       their tax impact                           total income tax credit/(charge) excluding the tax impact of
 adjusted profit before
                            tax rate      − Amortisation of acquired                   exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles items, net
 tax
                                            intangibles and their tax impact           pension finance costs and fair value remeasurements divided from
                                          − Net pension finance costs and their        continuing operations by the adjusted profit before tax.
                                            tax impact
                                          − Fair value remeasurements of
                                            financial instruments and their tax
                                            impact

Balance sheet measures
 Net debt                   Borrowings    − Net debt from Tesco                     − Net debt excludes the net debt of Tesco Bank but includes that of the
                            less cash       Bank                                      discontinued operations to reflect the net debt obligations of the
                                                                                      Retail business. Net debt comprises bank and other borrowings, lease
                            and related
                                                                                      liabilities, net derivative financial instruments, joint venture loans and
                            hedges                                                    other receivables and net interest receivables/payables, offset by
                                                                                      cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. It is a useful
                                                                                      measure of the progress in generating cash and strengthening of the
                                                                                      Group’s balance sheet position and is a measure widely used by credit
                                                                                      rating agencies.
 Net debt/ EBITDA ratio     No direct     − Consistent with                         − Net debt/ EBITDA ratio is calculated as Net debt divided by the rolling
                            equivalent      accounting policy                         12-month Retail EBITDA. It is a measure of the Group’s ability to meet
                                                                                      its payment obligations and is widely used by analysts and credit rating
                                                                                      agencies.
 Total indebtedness         Borrowings    − Consistent with                         − Total indebtedness is the net debt plus the IAS 19 deficit in the pension
                            less cash       accounting policy                         schemes (net of associated deferred tax) to provide an overall view of
                                                                                      the Group’s obligations. It is an important measure of the long-term
                            and related
                                                                                      obligations of the Group and is a measure widely used by credit rating
                            hedges                                                    agencies.
 Total indebtedness ratio   No direct     − Consistent with                         − Total indebtedness ratio is calculated as Total indebtedness divided by
                            equivalent      accounting policy                         the rolling 12-month Retail EBITDA. It is a measure of the Group’s
                                                                                      ability to meet its payment obligations and is widely used by analysts
                                                                                      and credit rating agencies.
 Fixed charge cover         No direct     − Consistent with                         − Fixed charge cover is calculated as the rolling 12-month Retail EBITDA
                            equivalent      accounting policy                         divided by the sum of net finance cost (excluding net pension finance
                                                                                      costs, finance charges payable on lease liabilities, exceptional items,
                                                                                      capitalised interest and fair value remeasurements) and all lease
                                                                                      liability payments from continuing operations. It is a measure of the
                                                                                      Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations and is widely used by
                                                                                      analysts and credit rating agencies.

Cash flow measures
 Retail free cash flow      Cash          − Tesco Bank operating cash flow          − Retail free cash flow includes all cash flows from continuing operations
                            generated     − Retail cash generated from/(used          from operating and investing activities for the Retail business, the
                                            in) investing activities,                 market purchase of shares net of proceeds from shares issued in
                            from
                                          − Market purchase of shares                 relation to share schemes and repayment of obligations under leases,
                            operating       issued in relation to share schemes       excluding the effects of Tesco Bank’s cash flows. The following items
                            activities    − Repayment of obligations under            are excluded: investing cash flows that increase/decrease items within
                                            leases                                    Net debt, proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment,
                                          − Investing cash flows that                 investment property, intangible assets and assets classified as held for
                                            increase/decrease items within Net        sale, cash utilised to buy back stores, proceeds from the sale of
                                            debt                                      subsidiaries, cash utilised in business acquisitions, cash used for
                                          − Cash flows from/(used in) business        investment in joint ventures and associates, and exceptional cash
                                            acquisitions and disposals                items. This measure reflects the cash available to shareholders. This is
                                          − Cash flows from the buyback of            a key management metric.
                                            stores
                                          − Cash flows from the sale of
                                            property, plant and equipment,
                                            investment property, intangible
                                            assets and assets classified as held
                                            for sale
                                          − Cash flows from investments in
                                            joint ventures and associates
                                          − Other exceptional cash flows




                                                                               64
Alternative performance measures




                                                                                                                 28 August     29 August
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation)                                                2021         2020
Weighted average number of diluted shares
Diluted weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                  7,754          9,771
Adjustment to reflect the post-consolidation share base as if it had been in                                              -        (2,057)
place from the start of the previous financial year (millions)
Adjusted diluted weighted average number of shares (adjusted for share                                               7,754          7,714
consolidation) (millions)
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (pence)                                                                           11.22          5.75
Adjustment to reflect the post-consolidation share base as if it had been in                                              -          1.54
place from the start of the previous financial year (pence)
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation) (pence)                                        11.22          7.29




Reconciliation of debt metrics
As the incomes and expenses included in debt APMs are calculated using a rolling 12-month period, the amounts for the 12 months to 28
August 2021 are not disclosed in the notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the current financial period.



                                                                                                                        28            27
                                                                                                                    August      February
                                                                                                                      2021          2021
Retail EBITDA                                                                                                          £m            £m
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                                                                     2,236          1,815
Add/(less): Tesco Bank operating loss/(profit) before exceptional items                                                (52)           175
Retail adjusted operating profit                                                                                     2,184          1,990
Add: Depreciation and amortisation (excluding amortisation of acquired                                                1,657          1,671
intangibles)
Less: Tesco Bank depreciation and amortisation                                                                         (58)           (57)
Retail EBITDA                                                                                                        3,783         3,604




                                                                                                                        28            27
                                                                                                                    August      February
                                                                                                                      2021          2021
Total indebtedness ratio
                                                                                                                       £m            £m
Net debt (£m)                                                                                                        10,222         11,955
Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                                                                    3,783        3,604
Net debt / EBITDA ratio                                                                                                 2.7           3.3


Add: Defined benefit pension deficit, net of deferred tax (£m)                                                         455          1,004
Total indebtedness (£m)                                                                                              10,677        12,959
Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                                                                    3,783        3,604
Total indebtedness ratio                                                                                                2.8           3.6




                                                                     65
Alternative performance measures continued

Reconciliation of debt metrics continued


                                                                              28         27
                                                                          August   February
Fixed charge cover                                                          2021       2021
Net finance costs (£m)                                                      626         937
Less: Net pension finance costs (£m)                                        (26)        (43)
Add: Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments (£m)                  74       (214)
Adjusted total finance costs (£m)                                           674        680
Add: Capitalised interest (£m)                                                 -          -
Less: Finance charges payable on lease liabilities (£m)                    (424)       (446)
Adjusted total finance cost, excluding capitalised interest and finance     250        234
charges payable on lease liabilities (£m)
Add: Retail total lease liability payments (£m)                              977      1,104
Less: Retail discontinued operations lease liability payments £(m)             -        (99)
                                                                           1,227      1,239
Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                         3,783     3,604
Fixed charge cover                                                           3.1        2.9




                                                                     66
Alternative performance measures continued



Retail free cash flow


                                                                                                                      26 weeks     26 weeks
Continuing operations
                                                                                                                          2021         2020
                                                                                                         Note              £m            £m
Retail cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities                                                   2           2,267        1,400
Retail cash generated from/ (used in) investing activities                                                   2           (1,621)      (364)
Own shares purchased in relation to share schemes                                                            2             (55)         (79)
Retail repayment of capital element of obligations under leases                                              2            (286)       (292)
Exclude/add back:
   Retail proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment                                    2            (109)        (32)
   property, intangible assets and assets classified as held for sale
   Retail purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property –                                2               37         148
   store buy backs
   Retail disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                     2             (125)         26
   Retail acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                    2                -         (15)
   Retail investment in associates and joint ventures                                                        2                8           11
   Retail exceptional net cash (generated from)/used in operating activities                                 2              107         127
   Retail increase/ (decrease) in loans to joint ventures and associates                                     2                -            1
   Retail net investments in/(proceeds from sale of) short-term investments                                  2            1,320        (134)
Retail free cash flow                                                                                                    1,543          797



As a memo at transition, the following table reconciles the Retail free cash flow APM to that previously presented:


                                                                                                                      26 weeks     26 weeks
                                                                                                                          2021         2020
                                                                                                         Note              £m            £m
Retail free cash flow                                                                                        2            1,543         797
Retail proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment                                       2              109           32
property, intangible assets and assets classified as held for sale
Retail purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property –                                   2              (37)       (148)
store buy backs
Retail disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                        2              125         (26)
Add: Cash outflow from major disposal*                                                                                         -         22
Retail acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                       2                 -          15
Retail investment in associates and joint ventures                                                           2               (8)         (11)
Retail exceptional net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                    2             (107)       (127)
Memo: Retail free cash flow including cash flows from non-major corporate                                                 1,625         554
acquisitions and disposals, cash flows from the sale or buyback of properties,
and retail exceptional cash flows from operating activities

* Cash outflows relating to the disposal of Asia in the 26 week period ended 29 August 2020.




                                                                     67
Glossary – Other

Capital expenditure (Capex)
The additions to property, plant and equipment, investment property and intangible assets (excluding assets acquired under business
combinations).

Capital employed
Net assets plus net debt plus dividend creditor less net assets of the disposal groups and non-current assets classified as held for sale.
Enterprise Value
This is calculated as market capitalisation plus net debt.
ESG
Environmental, social and governance.
Expected credit loss (ECL)
Credit loss represents the portion of the debt that a company is unlikely to recover. The expected credit loss is the projected future
losses based on probability-weighted calculations.
Market capitalisation
The total value of all Tesco shares calculated as total number of shares multiplied by closing share price at the period end.
MTN
Medium term note.
MREL
Minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (European Banking Authority).

Return on capital employed (ROCE)
Return divided by the average of opening and closing capital employed.
Return
Profit before exceptional items, amortisation of acquired intangibles and interest, after tax (applied at effective rate of tax).
RPI
Retail Price Index.
Total shareholder return
The notional annualised return from a share, measured as the percentage change in the share price, plus the dividends paid with the
gross dividends, reinvested in Tesco shares. This is measured over both a one and five year period.




                                                                       68
Independent review report to Tesco PLC

We have been engaged by the company to review the condensed set of financial statements in the half-yearly financial report for the 26
weeks ended 28 August 2021 which comprises the Group income statement, the Group statement of comprehensive income, the Group
balance sheet, the Group statement of changes in equity, the Group cash flow statement and related notes 1 to 25. We have read the other
information contained in the half-yearly financial report and considered whether it contains any apparent misstatements or material
inconsistencies with the information in the condensed set of financial statements.

Directors’ responsibilities
The half-yearly financial report is the responsibility of, and has been approved by, the directors. The directors are responsible for preparing
the half-yearly financial report in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom’s Financial
Conduct Authority.

As disclosed in Note 1, the annual financial statements of the group will be prepared in accordance with United Kingdom adopted International
Financial Reporting Standards. The condensed set of financial statements included in this half-yearly financial report has been prepared in
accordance with United Kingdom adopted International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”.

Our responsibility
Our responsibility is to express to the Company a conclusion on the condensed set of financial statements in the half-yearly financial report
based on our review.

Scope of review
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Financial Reporting Council for use in the United
Kingdom. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance
with International Standards on Auditing (UK) and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed set of financial statements in the half-
yearly financial report for the 26 weeks ended 28 August 2021 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with United Kingdom
adopted International Accounting Standard 34 and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom’s Financial
Conduct Authority.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Financial Reporting Council. Our work
has been undertaken so that we might state to the company those matters we are required to state to it in an independent review report
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
company, for our review work, for this report, or for the conclusions we have formed.


Deloitte LLP
Statutory Auditor
London, United Kingdom
5 October 2021




                                                                      69
Appendix 1

One-year like-for-like sales performance (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)
                                                                                                        Like-for-like sales
                                                                          H1                 H2              FY                Q1              Q2               H1
                                                                   2020/21           2020/21            2020/21           2021/22          2021/22      2021/22
 UK&ROI                                                                 7.2%               6.5%           6.8%               1.3%            3.6%          2.4%
    UK                                                                  7.6%               7.8%            7.7%             0.5%             2.0%          1.2%
    ROI                                                                15.5%               12.6%          14.0%             (6.1)%            1.2%        (2.6)%
    Booker                                                              2.2%           (4.0)%            (0.8)%             9.2%             12.5%         11.0%
 Central Europe                                                        (0.9)%              0.1%          (0.4)%            (1.6)%            4.3%          1.4%
 Total Retail                                                           6.5%               6.0%           6.3%               1.0%            3.6%          2.3%
 Tesco Bank                                                              n/a                n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a             n/a
 Total Group                                                            6.5%               6.0%           6.3%               1.0%            3.6%          2.3%


Appendix 2

Total sales performance (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)

                                                                Actual rates                                                  Constant rates
                                                     H1          H2*              FY               H1               H1           H2*             FY            H1
                                              2020/21      2020/21       2020/21           2021/22          2020/21         2020/21         2020/21     2021/22
 UK&ROI                                          8.6%           9.1%         8.8%             2.7%                8.5%          8.8%           8.6%        2.9%
    UK                                            7.7%         8.3%            8.0%           1.8%                7.7%          8.3%           8.0%        1.8%
    ROI                                          16.3%         17.5%        16.9%            (5.8)%           14.5%            12.9%          13.7%      (2.0)%
    Booker                                       11.0%        10.6%         10.5%             11.1%               11.0%        10.6%          10.5%        11.1%
 Central Europe                                 (4.3)%          0.1%        (2.1)%           (0.8)%           (1.5)%            0.1%         (0.6)%        2.6%
 Total Retail                                     7.5%         8.3%             7.9%          2.4%                7.7%          8.1%           7.9%        2.9%
 Tesco Bank                                    (31.4)%       (31.0)%       (31.2)%           12.2%           (31.4)%         (31.0)%         (31.2)%      12.2%
 Total Group                                     6.6%           7.5%            7.1%          2.6%                6.8%          7.3%           7.0%       3.0%
* In order to ensure the best comparability year-on-year, sales growth in H2 FY 2020/21 is reported as sales for 26 weeks ending 27 February 2021 against
  sales for 26 weeks ending 29 February 2020



Appendix 3

Country detail - Retail
                                                                                 Revenue
                                                                           (exc. VAT, inc. fuel)
                                                                               Local
                                                                            currency                                       Average                  Closing
                                                                                  (m)                £m               exchange rate           exchange rate
 UK                                                                          22,896              22,896                         1.0                     1.0
 ROI                                                                              1,450                   1,245                      1.2                 1.2
 Booker                                                                          3,865                   3,865                       1.0                 1.0
 Czech Republic                                                                 20,342                     680                   29.9                   29.8
 Hungary                                                                        282,621                    680                  415.6                  407.5
 Slovakia                                                                            697                   599                       1.2                 1.2




                                                                                70
Appendix 4

UK sales area by size of store

Store size (sq. ft.)                                    28 August 2021                              27 February 2021
                                                               Million % of total sq.                       Million % of total sq.
                                          No. of stores        sq. ft.             ft. No. of stores         sq. ft.            ft.
0 – 3,000                                         2,544            5.5         14.2%           2,534            5.5         14.2%
3,001 – 20,000                                     280                3.0       7.8%             282            3.0           7.8%

20,001 – 40,000                                    286                8.2      21.2%            285             8.2          21.2%

40,001 – 60,000                                    182                8.8      22.8%             182            8.8         22.8%

60,001 – 80,000                                    120                8.4      21.8%             120            8.4          21.8%

80,001 – 100,000                                    45                3.7       9.6%              45            3.7          9.6%

Over 100,000                                         8                1.0       2.6%               8            1.0           2.6%

Total   *                                        3,465           38.6        100.0%           3,456            38.6          100%
* Excludes Booker and franchise stores.




                                                                 71
Appendix 5


Actual Group space – store numbers (a)




                                      2020/21                                 Closures/             Net gain/         As at 28   Repurposing/
                                     year-end            Openings             disposals          (reduction)(b)    August 2021     extensions
      Large                                795                   1                    (1)                    -            795               -
      Convenience                        1,938                   8                    (5)                    3           1,941              -
      Dotcom only                            6                   -                     -                     -              6               -

      Total Tesco                       2,739                    9                    (6)                    3          2,742              -

      One Stop   (c)                       705                   5                     -                     5            710               -
      Booker                               194                   -                    (1)                   (1)           193               -
      Jack’s                                 12                  1                     -                      1             13              -

      UK   (c)                          3,650                   15                    (7)                    8          3,658              -
      ROI                                   151                  -                     -                     -             151              -

      UK & ROI(c)                       3,801                   15                    (7)                    8          3,809              -

      Czech Republic(c)                    183                   -                      -                     -           183               -
      Hungary                              201                   -                    (2)                   (2)           199               -
      Slovakia                             153                   1                     -                      1           154               -

      Central Europe(c)                    537                   1                    (2)                    (1)          536              -

      Group(c)                          4,338                   16                    (9)                    7          4,345              -


      UK (One Stop)                        207                 30                     (4)                   26            233               -
      Czech Republic                       123                   5                     (1)                   4             127              -
      Slovakia                               5                   3                     -                     3              8               -

      Franchise stores                     335                 38                     (5)                   33            368              -
(a)
    Continuing operations.
(b)
    The net gain/(reduction) reflects the number of store openings less the number of store closures/disposals.
(c)
    Excludes franchise stores.




                                                                              72
Appendix 5 continued

Actual Group space – ‘000 sq. ft.(a)



                                        2020/21                 Closures/   Repurposing/       Net gain/      As at 28
                                       year-end      Openings   disposals    extensions(b)   (reduction)   August 2021
      Large                                31,339         33          (9)               -            24        31,363
      Convenience                           5,244         19         (14)               -             5         5,249
      Dotcom only                             716          -           -                -             -           716
      Total Tesco                          37,299         52         (23)               -                      37,328
      One Stop    (c)                       1,150         10           -                -            10         1,160
      Booker                                8,284          -         (37)               -          (37)         8,247
      Jack’s                                   119        10           -                -            10           129

      UK   (c)                             46,852         72         (60)               -            12       46,864
      ROI                                   3,335          -           -                -             -         3,335
      UK & ROI   (c)                       50,187         72         (60)               -            12       50,199
      Czech Republic    (c)                 4,266          -           -                -             -         4,266
      Hungary                               5,997          -         (15)               -           (15)        5,982
      Slovakia                               3,151        14           -                5            19         3,170
      Central Europe    (c)                13,414         14         (15)               5             4        13,418
      Group(c)                             63,601         86         (75)               5            16        63,617


      UK (One Stop)                           256         41          (5)             42             78          334
      Czech Republic                          118          3          (6)               -            (3)          115
      Slovakia                                  5          3           -                -             3             8

      Franchise stores                       379          47         (11)             42             78           457
(a)
    Continuing operations.
(b)
    Repurposing of retail selling space.
(c)
    Excludes franchise stores.




                                                                73
Appendix 5 continued

Group space forecast to 26 February 2022 – ‘000 sq. ft.(a)

                                              As at 28                   Closures/    Repurposing       Net gain/    2021/22
                                           August 2021   Openings        disposals   /extensions(b)   (reduction)   year-end
      Large                                    31,363         24                -                -           24       31,387
      Convenience                               5,249         74               (7)               -            67      5,316
      Dotcom only                                 716          -                -                -             -         716

      Total Tesco                              37,328         98               (7)               -            91     37,419

      One Stop    (c)                           1,160          6                -                -             6       1,166
      Booker                                    8,247          -              (37)               -          (37)      8,210
      Jack’s                                      129          -                -                -             -        129
      UK   (c)                                46,864         104              (44)               -           60      46,924
      ROI                                       3,335         23                -                -           23       3,358

      UK & ROI   (c)                           50,199        127              (44)               -           83      50,282

      Czech Republic    (c)                     4,266         43                 -               -           43       4,309
      Hungary                                   5,982          -                -                -             -      5,982
      Slovakia                                  3,170          -                -                -             -       3,170

      Central Europe    (c)                    13,418         43                 -               -           43      13,461

      Group(c)                                 63,617        170              (44)               -          126      63,743


      UK (One Stop)                              334          27                -                -            27        361
      Czech Republic                              115          3               (2)               -             1         116
      Slovakia                                      8         15                -                -            15         23

      Franchise stores                            457         45               (2)               -           43         500
(a)
    Continuing operations.
(b)
    Repurposing of retail selling space.
(c)
    Excludes franchise stores.




                                                                    74
Appendix 6

Tesco Bank income statement

                                                                                                                     H1                           H1
                                                                                                               2021/22*                     2020/21*
                                                                                                                    £m                           £m
Revenue
Interest receivable and similar income                                                                              238                          292
Fees and commissions receivable                                                                                      101                          94
Gross insurance premium income                                                                                       94                            -
                                                                                                                    433                         386


Direct costs
Interest payable                                                                                                    (20)                         (51)
Fees and commissions payable                                                                                         (10)                         (6)
Insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers                                                                        (42)                           -
Insurance claims                                                                                                     (61)                          -
Reinsurers’ share of claims and benefits incurred                                                                     34                           -
                                                                                                                    (99)                         (57)
Other income                                                                                                          11                           -
Gross profit                                                                                                        345                         329


Other expenses
Staff costs                                                                                                        (104)                         (91)
Premises and equipment                                                                                              (33)                         (36)
Other administrative expenses                                                                                       (85)                         (70)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                       (30)                        (30)
Impairment loss on financial assets                                                                                  (21)                       (257)


Operating profit/(loss) before exceptional items                                                                      72                        (155)


Exceptional items                                                                                                      -                           -


Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                               72                        (155)


Net finance costs: movements on derivatives and hedge accounting                                                      (1)                         (1)
Net finance costs: interest                                                                                           (3)                         (3)
Share of profit/(loss) of joint venture                                                                               3                            9

Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                              71                       (150)
* These results are for the six months ended 31 August 2021 and the previous comparison is made with the six months ended 31 August 2020.




                                                                            75
