              Serving
         our customers,
          communities
           and planet
          a little better
            every day.




Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
Contents

                                                                                                           Serving our
Strategic report
Introduction.......................................................................................2
2022 highlights...................................................................................3




                                                                                                           customers,
Tesco at a glance. ..............................................................................4
Our purpose.......................................................................................5
Our purpose in action........................................................................6
Chairman’s statement.......................................................................9




                                                                                                           communities
Group Chief Executive’s review....................................................... 10
Our market context. .........................................................................13
Our strategic priorities and performance framework......................14
Key performance indicators.............................................................16



                                                                                                           and planet a
Our business model.......................................................................... 17
Our colleagues..................................................................................18
Engaging with our stakeholders.......................................................20




                                                                                                           little better
Section 172 statement...................................................................... 22
Financial review. ..............................................................................23
Principal risks and uncertainties.......................................................31
Longer term viability statement.......................................................38




                                                                                                           every day.
Climate.............................................................................................40
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. .....................41
Non-financial information statement..............................................45

Corporate governance
Chairman’s letter.............................................................................46
Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. ................. 47
Board of Directors...........................................................................48
Executive Committee. .....................................................................52
Division of responsibilities. ..............................................................53
Board leadership and company purpose. .......................................55
Board activity...................................................................................58
Composition, succession and evaluation. ........................................61
Nominations and Governance Committee......................................63
Corporate Responsibility Committee..............................................66
Audit Committee. ............................................................................68
Directors’ remuneration report. ..................................................... 74
Directors’ report............................................................................ 100

Financial statements and Other information
Index. ............................................................................................. 105


               Visit www.tescoplc.com/ar2022
               for more information.
Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   1
    Hello.
    Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving them
    every day with affordable, healthy and sustainable food.

    Our commitment to our customers extends beyond our stores,
    and into every local community we serve – in the UK, Ireland,
    Slovakia, Czech Republic and Hungary. We provide extra support
    to those that need it, through food banks, donation schemes
    and community grants.

    This is a critical time for our planet and so we are finding new
    ways to reduce our impact on the environment and collaborate
    with our suppliers and customers to help them do the same.

    At the heart of Tesco is our fantastic team of 345,000 colleagues,
    who go above and beyond to make a difference. We work hard to
    be an inclusive workplace, where all colleagues can be at their
    best and build the skills to grow their careers.

    This year, we refreshed our purpose to reflect the way we serve
    our communities and the planet more broadly, as well as our
    continued commitment to customers in every part of our Group,
    from Booker to Tesco Bank. Serving our customers, communities
    and planet a little better every day is what we do.




2   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report




2022 highlights.

Performance highlights
Group salesΔ                                        Adjusted diluted EPSΔ(a)(b)(c)                   Adjusted operating                                      Retail free cash flowΔ(d)
                                                                                                     profitΔ(a)(c)


2.5%                                                88.8%                                            58.0%                                                   69.9%
£54.8bn                                             21.86p                                           £2,825m                                                 £2,277m
(2021: £53.4bn)                                     (2021: 11.58p)                                   (2021: £1,788m)                                         (2021: £1,340m)


Dividend per share                                  Net debtΔ(d)                                     UK market share                                         Group net promoter
                                                                                                     (sales value)                                           score


19.1%                                               (12​)%                                           +30bps                                                  +3pts
10.90p                                              £(10.5)bn                                        27.7%                                                   18 pts
(2021: 9.15p)                                       (2021: £(12.0)bn)                                (2021: 27.4%)                                           (2021: 15 pts)




Statutory measures
Statutory revenue                                   Operating profit(c)                              Statutory profit                                        Statutory diluted EPS(c)(e)
                                                                                                     before tax(c)

6.0%                                                65.5%                                            219.7%                                                  252.0%
£61.3bn                                             £2,560m                                          £2,033m                                                 19.64p
(2021: £57.9bn)                                     (2021: £1,547m)                                  (2021: £636m)                                           (2021: 5.58p)

Δ		Alternative performance measures (APMs)
   All measures apart from Net debt are shown on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise stated.
   The Group has defined and outlined the purpose of its APMs in the Glossary starting on page 207. During the year, the operating profit and EPS APMs were renamed. ‘Operating profit
   before exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ has changed to ‘Adjusted operating profit’. ‘Diluted EPS before exceptional and other items’ has changed to
   ‘Adjusted diluted EPS’. The Retail free cash flow APM was amended in order to provide a more consistent and predictable view of free cash flow generated by the Group’s retail
   operation. ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ within operating profit, along with net pension finance costs, fair value remeasurements of financial
   instruments, and the tax impact of such items (below operating profit), are now called ‘Adjusting items’. The policy for determining adjusting items, and the items adjusted for, are
   unchanged from the prior year and hence there is no impact on previously reported APMs.
(a) Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted diluted EPS exclude the impact of adjusting items.
(b) The share base used in Adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is adjusted to capture the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia,
    as if it took place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year. As such, Adjusted diluted EPS (adjusted for share consolidation) is presented on a basis other than in accordance with IAS 33.
(c) The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks in light of an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the application of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such transactions.
    Comparatives have been restated for this change in accounting policy (see Note 1 on page 122 for further details).
(d) Net debt and Retail free cash flow exclude the impact of Tesco Bank.
(e) Statutory diluted EPS from continuing operations.


                                                                                                                        Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                             3
    Tesco at a glance




    The Tesco Group.
    Tesco is a British grocery retailer, with its headquarters in the United Kingdom.
    We serve millions of customers every week, in stores and online and provide
    additional services across the Tesco family.
    Founded in 1919, Tesco began as a market stall in the East End of London. Today we operate 4,752 stores in five markets:
    the UK, Ireland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary, serving millions of customers every week, in stores and online.

    The Tesco Group also includes: Tesco Bank; Tesco Mobile; a network of One Stop convenience stores; the UK’s leading
    wholesale business, Booker; and our data-science business, dunnhumby.




                                                              Tesco is one of the leading
                                                               food retailers in Europe.
                                                            It serves customers in stores
                                                                   as well as online.

                                                                  www.tesco.com


               dunnhumby is a global leader in                                                          Booker is the UK’s leading
               customer data science, working                                                       food and drink wholesaler, serving
               with brands, grocery retail, retail                                                   caterers, independent retailers
                 pharmacy and retail financial                                                      and other businesses. Booker also
                services to provide technology,                                                       owns symbol brands including
              software and consultancy services.                                                      Budgens, Londis and Premier.

                    www.dunnhumby.com                                                                      www.booker.co.uk




                    Tesco Bank aims to make
                  banking and insurance easier
                                                                                                       One Stop has been a subsidiary
                and better value for people who
                                                                                                         of Tesco since 2003, with
                 shop at Tesco. Founded in 1997,
                                                                                                        convenience stores serving
                 today the Bank helps more than
                                                                                                        communities across the UK.
              five million customers manage their
                         money every day.
                                                                                                            www.onestop.co.uk
                     www.tescobank.com
                                                          Tesco Mobile offers supermarket
                                                          value for more than five million UK
                                                         customers. Established in 2003 as a
                                                        joint venture between Tesco and O2,
                                                           Tesco Mobile has grown into an
                                                          award-winning network with more
                                                                than 500 phone shops.

                                                              www.tescomobile.com




4   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                         Strategic report



Our purpose




Serving our
customers,
communities       A clear purpose unites the Tesco
                  Group and supports our ambitions


and planet
                  and commitments as we enter our
                  next chapter. This year, we refreshed
                  our purpose to reflect the dedication


a little better
                  and passion that Tesco colleagues
                  put in to serving customers,
                  supporting local communities and


every day.
                  the contribution we want to make
                  to the wider world and beyond.




                       Our values
                       Our three values underpin our purpose,
                       setting out how we work together as a
                       team and guiding the decisions and
                       choices we make across the Group.
                   1   No one tries harder for customers
                       We listen to our customers, our communities and each
                       other, and use this information to make better decisions
                       as a business. With the expertise and knowledge of our
                       colleagues, we change, innovate and adapt to meet
                       customer needs.

                   2   We treat people how they want
                       to be treated
                       People will always be at the heart of Tesco; a place where
                       everyone is welcome. An inclusive, supportive workplace for
                       our colleagues, where they feel recognised and rewarded
                       for the work they do and have opportunities to get on.
                       A business where we build strong, long-term relationships
                       with our suppliers and external partners. Respect, trust and
                       understanding is in our culture.

                   3   Every little help makes a big difference
                       Help comes in all shapes and sizes. From supporting a local
                       food bank, raising money in a sponsored charity walk, or
                       delivering great service, our colleagues continue to make a
                       difference to those around them. When we add up the
                       many things we do at a local level, we make a big difference.




                           Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022       5
    Our purpose in action




               Serving our
               customers.




    Tesco is a champion for customers.                                    Convenience
                                                                          The scale of our store and online network is unrivalled in the UK,
    We provide brilliant, helpful service                                 enabling us to serve customers wherever, whenever and however
    in every corner of our business, with                                 they want. Our growing online offer serves more than 99% of UK
                                                                          postcodes and the launch of Tesco Whoosh enables us to capture
    products and services that are                                        the growing demand for rapid delivery, with similar trials taking
    accessible for everyone.                                              place in Central Europe. In Ireland, we have agreed to acquire
                                                                          10 Joyce’s Supermarkets in Galway (subject to approval from
    Value                                                                 the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission).
    Our commitment to great value at Tesco is unwavering. Value of
    course includes price – but today, it also means more. It is the      Service
    combination of price and quality across a wide range of healthy       Through the pandemic, our colleagues went above and beyond to
    and sustainable products. Our three different product tiers –         serve customers. It is a testament to their hard work that customer
    Exclusively at Tesco, Core and Finest – ensure everyone who           satisfaction scores continue to increase. We are always looking for
    shops with us can find the best value to suit them and removes        little helps to support our customers, including Changing Places
    reasons to shop elsewhere. In the UK, we offer Aldi Price Match,      facilities for those with complex disabilities, sunflower lanyards
    Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices. We have extended             for non-visible disabilities and a permanent quiet hour for those
    Clubcard Prices to stores in Ireland and Central Europe and           who would benefit from a calmer shopping experience.
    have also recently introduced Aldi Price Match in Ireland.

    Quality                                                               Voted Britain’s Favourite Supermarket


                                                                          7 years running
    We are always looking at how we can keep making the quality of
    our products that little bit better, working with suppliers to sell
    fresh, seasonal produce and innovating to create new delicious
    ranges. Through our Quality Promise seal, customers can easily
    see in store our freshest and highest quality products. This year,
                                                                          by customers in the Grocer Gold Awards.
    we have made mealtimes easier for customers with our new
    Wicked Kitchen meal deal, Fire Pit BBQ range and Jamie Oliver
    Traybake partnership. We have also extended Wicked Kitchen
    products to Booker retailers for the first time.




6   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                  Strategic report




                                                                         Serving our
                                                                         communities.
We are empowering our stores, our                                        Supporting communities globally
                                                                         We help create jobs and opportunities for people and communities
colleagues and our customers to make                                     across the world. Our aim is that all the jobs throughout our supply
a bigger difference locally and finding                                  chain, are decent, fair and safe and that human rights are always
                                                                         respected. We take a zero-tolerance approach to any breach of
new ways we can all play our part.                                       human rights. This year, we started working with our banana
                                                                         producers to close the living wage gap for workers. We responded
Supporting local groups and projects                                     quickly to the war in Ukraine, with our first donations of food,
In all our markets, we operate community grant schemes,                  hygiene products and clothing leaving our depots in Hungary,
supporting thousands of charities and community organisations            Czech Republic and Slovakia just 48 hours after the conflict started.
every year. Since 2016, we have awarded more than £93m of
UK funding to more than 46,000 local community projects and              Making Tesco a great place to work for all
charities. The Tesco Community Fund has donated €6m to                   Our colleagues are at the heart of how we serve our customers,
more than 21,000 local projects in Ireland since 2014, and               communities and the planet a little better every day. We recognise
community groups across Central Europe have benefited                    our colleagues through highly competitive reward packages,
from our You Choose, We Help grant programme.                            offering skills training and flexibility, supporting their physical
                                                                         and mental wellbeing and building an inclusive culture where
Food redistribution                                                      everyone feels truly welcome. We have committed to jumpstart
Every day, Tesco stores and distribution centres donate surplus          the careers of more than 45,000 young people in the UK –
food to local charities through our Community Food Connection            providing skills through our apprenticeships, internships and
scheme. This year, we donated 27.8 million meals from our                graduate programmes as well as placements through the
UK business, 17.8 million in Central Europe, 4.1 million meals through   UK Government’s Kickstart programme.
Booker and 2.9 million in Ireland. We also partner with food banks
and local charities through our in-store customer food donation


                                                                         52.6 million
points, and through our Food Collection programme.



                                                                         meals provided to local charities
                                                                         across the Group through our
                                                                         food redistribution programmes.




                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        7
    Our purpose in action continued




               Serving our
               planet.




    As a food industry, we need to find ways                               Supporting healthy, sustainable diets
                                                                           Working in partnership with WWF, we are on a journey to halve
    to feed our growing population more                                    the environmental impact of the average UK shopping basket
    sustainably – using less land and fewer                                – a partnership which has now been extended to Central Europe.
                                                                           In November 2021, we became proud signatories to WWF’s
    natural resources. For Tesco, this is                                  Retailers’ Commitment for Nature. Tesco is the UK’s number one
    crucial in order to retain the ability to                              plant-based retailer, and we are aiming to increase the sales of our
    serve customers affordable, healthy                                    plant-based products by 300% by 2025 versus a 2018 baseline.
                                                                           We are also reformulating products to remove salt, fat and sugar
    and sustainable food.                                                  from products without affecting taste. Since 2018, we have
                                                                           removed more than 59 billion calories from our products.
    Greener energy and transport
    We already use 100% renewable electricity in the UK and Europe,        Reducing food waste
    and we are helping to create the UK’s largest supermarket              In our own operations, we have reduced food waste by 45%
    electric vehicle charging network, installing 2,400 charging points    since 2016/17 and we are looking for new innovations to go further.
    across our stores. By 2028, we have committed to making all our        For example, we have been working to explore how insects like
    UK home delivery fleet fully electric. We are investing more in rail   Black Soldier Fly larvae, could potentially be used as a replacement
    freight to make food transportation more sustainable and, in a         for meat-based protein in pet food or as a replacement for soy in
    UK first, we have introduced commercial fully electric HGV lorries.    chicken and fish meal.

    Use of plastics and packaging

                                                                           2035                                2050
    When it comes to plastic packaging, we are committed to our 4Rs
    strategy: Remove where we can, Reduce where we can’t, Reuse
    more, and Recycle what’s left. Since we launched our 4Rs strategy
    in 2019, we have removed more than 1.6 billion pieces of plastic.      Committed to be carbon              Committed to achieve
    In our UK and Ireland stores, we have introduced soft plastic          neutral in our own                  net zero emissions
    recycling facilities and launched a UK partnership with Loop to
    offer more sustainable packaging alternatives.
                                                                           operations across the               across our entire
                                                                           Group by 2035.                      value chain by 2050.




8   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                Strategic report



Chairman’s statement


                                                                      it comes to key issues such as health and the environment. This
                                                                      year, we are introducing new remuneration performance targets
                                                                      specifically related to our progress on key sustainability measures.
                                                                      This means that 25% of the Performance Share Plan awards will
                                                                      depend on our progress on gender and ethnicity representation,
                                                                      carbon reduction and food waste reduction in our own operations,
                                                                      subject to approval at the AGM (see more on pages 80 to 82).

                                                                      The Board continues to engage with stakeholders both inside
                                                                      and outside the business (see more on pages 20 to 22). As a
                                                                      business, we have a deep understanding of our customers, and the
                                                                      expertise in our team to help drive progress. For example, our
                                                                      team of chefs and product developers have been working to
                                                                      improve the health profile of our products without affecting
                                                                      taste, as we work to increase the number of healthy products,
                                                                      as a proportion of sales, to 65% by 2025.

                                                                      A new chapter
                                                                      In October 2021, we set out the new strategic priorities and
                                                                      performance framework for the business (see pages 14 and 15).




Creating
                                                                      In this next chapter, Tesco will focus on driving greater value for
                                                                      all stakeholders – doing the basics brilliantly and leveraging our
                                                                      many unique advantages across the Tesco Group to enhance
                                                                      competitiveness, accelerate growth and generate cash.




long-term
                                                                      We will also deliver ongoing capital returns to shareholders,
                                                                      through our progressive dividend policy and share buyback
                                                                      programme. We have set a full-year dividend of 10.90p and
                                                                      a commitment to repurchase shares worth £750m over




sustainable
                                                                      the next 12 months.

                                                                      Strong growth
                                                                      By remaining customer-focused at all times, Tesco has delivered
                                                                      a strong full-year performance, with Group sales increasing 2.5% at



value.
                                                                      actual rates and adjusted operating profit reaching £2.8bn.
                                                                      The work we have done in the UK last year means we are winning
                                                                      customers from our competitors, with overall customer
                                                                      perception of the brand stepping forward once again across
                                                                      value and quality. Our Brand index stepped forward by 9bps in
                                                                      the year, on top of exceptional growth last year.
This has been an important year for Tesco. Not only have we
                                                                      This year has demonstrated the resilience of our supply chains
managed the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, but we
                                                                      and strong partnerships we have built with suppliers. Many
have also been looking forward, setting out our new multi-year
                                                                      businesses experienced disruption in their supply chains
performance framework and the strategic priorities that will
                                                                      including from COVID-19, labour shortages and post-Brexit
support us to deliver against it. I would like to thank every Tesco
                                                                      restrictions. These have all impacted the way we work, but
colleague in every market and every business, for their hard
                                                                      thanks to extensive planning and an agile response, we were
work and for never losing sight of our purpose and values.
                                                                      able to protect availability for customers.
Living our new purpose
Having a strong purpose is essential to the running of our
                                                                      Board changes
                                                                      In January, we announced that Steve Golsby and Simon Patterson
business; it is what drives us forward and guides the decisions
                                                                      will retire from the Board at this year’s AGM. Both Steve and Simon
we make. Reflecting our commitment to the communities
                                                                      have made valuable contributions to the Tesco team over many
we serve and the wider environment, it is right that we have
                                                                      years and I wish them all the best in the future. Steve Golsby will
evolved our purpose: serving our customers, communities
                                                                      also step down from his role as Chair of the Remuneration
and planet a little better every day.
                                                                      Committee and will be succeeded by Alison Platt.
A recent example of this is in response to the war in Ukraine.
It is deeply sad to see the impact on the people of Ukraine and       Looking ahead
our thoughts are with everyone affected. As a business, we            On behalf of myself and the Board, I would like to thank colleagues
responded quickly, leveraging our partnership with the British        across the Group for their continued commitment and hard work
Red Cross to provide help where it was needed. Thanks to the          over the past 12 months. We have overcome many obstacles together,
generosity of our customers and colleagues, together we have          and I am sure there will be more to come, but the new purpose and
raised almost £4m to help the Red Cross get vital support to          strategic priorities will steer us on the path of building a stronger
those affected. While Tesco has no direct operations in either        and more sustainable business that we can continue to be proud of.
Russia or Ukraine, we are keeping a close eye on the evolving
situation and its effect on the wider global economy.

Everyone plays an important role in delivering on this purpose.
                                                                      John Allan CBE
It guides the discussions we have as a Board and we have played
                                                                      Non-executive Chairman
an active role in supporting the work of the Executive team when
                                                                      12 April 2022


                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        9
     Group Chief Executive’s review




     A new
     chapter.
     The momentum in our business is strong
     and with a refreshed purpose and new
     strategic priorities, there is energy and
     drive to keep growing and innovating.

     This year, we have turned the pages on a new chapter.
     Our new purpose and strategic priorities will set us up to
     be even more competitive in the future, building on the
     fantastic work done to date.

     I want to thank the Tesco team for their hard work and for               most practical ways we can. Together with customers, we have
     the way colleagues have supported each other through the                 raised almost £4m to the British Red Cross, as well as £500,000
     challenges of the last year. The culture within Tesco is one of          to humanitarian organisations in Central Europe. We are also
     our unique strengths, guided by our values that no one tries             leveraging our distribution network in Central Europe to get
     harder for customers, we treat people how they want to be                supplies where they are most needed; supporting Ukrainian
     treated and every little help makes a big difference.                    refugees to access Tesco jobs in all our markets; and removing
                                                                              fees from Tesco Bank transfers to Ukraine or Tesco mobile calls
     Driven by our strengths                                                  to Ukraine. We will continue to respond to the evolving situation.
     As we developed the plans that will enable our next chapter,
     we wanted to truly understand what our strengths are, how the            Our strategic priorities
     market is moving and what we need to do to better serve customers        The new strategic priorities and performance framework for the
     in the future. The result is a new set of strategic priorities for the   Group are set out in more detail on pages 14 and 15.
     Group and a performance framework to help track our progress
     over the coming years. We have the right plans in place, and our         Magnetic value for customers
     colleagues have embraced them wholeheartedly.                            Magnetic value is the combination of price, quality, range,
                                                                              customer experience – and it is also the work we do to bring value
     Our new purpose                                                          to communities and the planet more broadly, through our work
     Tesco is more than a supermarket to its customers, and colleagues        on health and sustainability. This strategic priority is all about
     agreed that we needed to broaden our purpose for a world where           providing reliable value that removes customers’ needs to shop
     our customers still expect us to serve them as shoppers, but also        elsewhere, combined with positive reasons to shop more with us.
     as contributors to their community and to the wider world.
                                                                              I love my Tesco Clubcard
     We have therefore updated our purpose to be ‘Serving our                 More than 20 million households have a Clubcard, and going
     customers, communities and planet a little better every day’.            forward, we will be making even greater use of insight to make
     The word ‘customer’ better encompasses how we serve people               the shopping experience more personalised and relevant.
     across the Tesco Group – from Tesco shoppers and Bank                    Combining Clubcard with our online grocery business, our
     customers to Booker retail partners and dunnhumby’s global clients.      nine million regular app users and the capability offered
     By acknowledging our communities and the planet within our               by dunnhumby, we have the opportunity to create additional
     purpose, we ensure they are factored into every decision we make.        value and increase loyalty.

     With the COP26 Climate Conference hosted in Glasgow in 2021,             Easily the most convenient
     we set out our own Climate Manifesto (Tesco PLC: A Better                To be convenient now means serving customers wherever,
     Basket). Tesco’s journey on climate action started many years            whenever and however they want to be served. We believe we
     ago, but this year we have worked to be even more ambitious              can do that better than anyone by leveraging our existing reach
     and accelerate our progress. Our UK target to be carbon neutral          and strong network. We will continue to adapt, while at the same
     in our own operations by 2035 was this year extended to cover            time seeking capital-light growth opportunities in the two key
     the whole Group and we committed to achieving net zero                   growth channels of online and convenience.
     emissions across our entire value chain by 2050, including
     those generated by the products we sell and across our supply            Save to invest
     chains. Meeting these targets will be challenging. It will need          To give us the fuel to invest in our priorities and to offset
     transformational change as well as close collaboration with our          inflationary pressures, we need to continue our longstanding
     suppliers and customers, but it is essential if we are to tackle         approach of being as simple, agile and productive as we can be.
     the climate crisis (see more on page 40).                                We want to make sure we only spend money where it adds value
                                                                              for customers and, in total, we are aiming for around £1bn of
     In February 2022, we were all deeply distressed to see the crisis        savings across a range of areas over the next three years.
     unfold in Ukraine. Our hearts go out to everyone affected. We have
     been working alongside the British Red Cross to offer help in the



10   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                     Strategic report




Taken together, these priorities will ensure we do the basics
brilliantly, operate as efficiently as possible, embed sustainability in
every decision we make and grow our business by building on our
unique strengths. Our colleagues will be pivotal in delivering our
strategic priorities, and bringing them to life in a way that makes
a difference for our customers and stakeholders.

Performance framework
To track our progress, we set out measures in a multi-year
performance framework. We are seeking to grow the top line,
underpinned by increasing customer satisfaction and adding
capital-light opportunities in convenience and online. We are aiming
to grow, or at least maintain, market share in our core UK market.
We are also seeking to grow absolute profits in quantum terms.
We will target productivity savings to at least offset inflation in the
medium term and ideally create headroom to invest in our other
strategic priorities. By doing this, we are clear that we can generate
between £1.4bn and £1.8bn of Retail free cash flow each year.

Significant progress
As we developed and set out our strategic priorities, we did not
take our foot off the pedal for our customers. After a challenging
few years, we know that rising inflation is really at the front of
customers’ minds. Our commitment to value is unwavering, and
now more than ever, it is essential that customers can rely on
Tesco for value. Through our powerful combination of Aldi Price
Match, Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices, we are making
more products more affordable, in more places than anyone else
on the market.

Clubcard remains a key driver of loyalty, used by more than
20 million UK households. 100% of UK promotions are through                   Recognised for our efforts on sustainability
Clubcard Prices and we are bringing the benefits of the Tesco
family to Clubcard holders, with Tesco Bank recently launching                Our sustainability efforts are grounded in doing the
Clubcard Pay+, a new way to pay, save and pick up extra                       right thing for our customers, communities and the
Clubcard points. As we aim to be even more convenient for our                 planet and we were pleased to be recognised with
customers, we have grown our online businesses in every region                numerous awards this year. Highlights included
and introduced rapid delivery in the UK through Tesco Whoosh,                 qualifying for the Top 100 Stonewall Equality Index,
now available in over 200 stores.
                                                                              being named the MSC Supermarket of the Year 2021
                                                                              and achieving leading retailer status within the World
We have also demonstrated innovation in the way we improve
the quality and sustainability of our products. We have increased
                                                                              Benchmarking Alliance Food and Agriculture Benchmark.
the number of vegetables in our ready meals, introduced                       In November 2021, we were proud to be awarded the
sustainable packaging solutions including refillable cleaning                 Terra Carta seal in recognition of our leadership role
products and, in partnership with WWF, launched the Tesco                     in transitioning towards a net zero future.
Innovation Fund, enabling start-ups to get vital seed funding for
ideas that make food production more sustainable. I would like
                                                                                        Visit www.tescoplc.com/sustainability
to thank our suppliers for embracing innovation with us and
working towards an even stronger partnership. We are pleased
that suppliers have voted Tesco top of the independent
Advantage survey for six years running.
                                                                           We are also committed to our progressive dividend policy and are
From a team perspective, I am delighted that Guus Dekkers, our
                                                                           pleased to pay a full-year dividend of 10.90p.
Chief Technology Officer, has been appointed to the Executive
Committee. As technology plays a more central role in our
                                                                           The work we have done this year and the progress we have made
business, his appointment reiterates the growing importance
                                                                           with our customers gives me confidence that we are on the right
we assign to technology and digitalisation going forward.
                                                                           path to achieve sustainable growth in the future. Together, we
                                                                           will build on our success over the past year, sustain our position,
I am also delighted to welcome Emma Taylor to the Executive
                                                                           deliver against our strategic priorities and in doing so, accelerate
Committee as Chief People Officer. Emma has been promoted
                                                                           our momentum. Above all, we will make the most of our unique
from her role as People Director UK & ROI and will take over from
                                                                           strengths and the fantastic team of colleagues helping us to serve
Natasha Adams as Chief People Officer. Natasha will stay on the
                                                                           our customers, communities and planet a little better every day.
Executive Committee, and relocate to Ireland in her new role as
CEO of Tesco Ireland.

Well positioned to deliver for our stakeholders
For shareholders, our strong performance to date and our                   Ken Murphy
confidence in our ability to generate cash in the coming years,            Group Chief Executive
have enabled us to announce the start of a share buyback                   12 April 2022
programme that will balance the maintenance of a strong capital
structure with returning surplus cash.


                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022       11
     Group Chief Executive’s review continued




     What is your highlight this year?                What are Tesco’s sustainability               How are you delivering value
     We hosted an event for colleagues in             priorities and why?                           for shareholders?
     September to talk about the new strategic        We always listen to our customers,            From our performance this year,
     priorities and purpose. During the Q&A           colleagues and wider stakeholders to          we’re gaining share against all the key
     session, the questions really struck me.         understand which sustainability issues        competitors. Customers are recognising
     Colleagues asked ‘How can I get involved         matter most and where Tesco can               the tangible improvements we’re
     personally and make more of a contribution       make the greatest difference and drive        making in our offer, which is driving
     to my community and the planet?’ or              transformative change. In adopting the        outperformance against the market.
     ‘I have so many ideas – how can I share          principles of double materiality, we have     I believe that Tesco is an outstanding
     them?’ I have been humbled by the                identified four broad issue areas we          business and one that can create
     positive engagement from colleagues              want to lead on: climate change; healthy,     significant value for shareholders.
     and knowing they feel connected with             sustainable diets; packaging & waste;         How we use cash is incredibly important,
     the new purpose and strategy.                    and diversity & inclusion.                    and we have taken great care to test
                                                                                                    every element of our capital allocation
     How are you embedding the new                    Is Tesco doing enough to combat               framework – refreshing our leverage
     purpose across the business?                     climate change?                               target, the application of our dividend
     In lots of ways. It is a core part of            As part of our commitment to be carbon        policy and launching our first share
     delivering our strategy and it needs to          neutral in our own Group operations           buyback. We have returned £300m
     happen at every level – from shop floor          by 2035 and across our entire value           of capital through our share buyback
     to boardroom. The Group Leadership               chain by 2050, we are working to drive        programme to date, and commit to
     Team was heavily involved in the journey         improvements at every point in our food       a further £750m by April 2023.
     as we set out our strategy and after we          system – in our own operations, in our
     launched our purpose, myself, Jason Tarry        supply chain, and in our customers’           How are you recognising the
     and other Exec members travelled around          homes. We know there is more to do            extraordinary efforts of
     the UK and Ireland to host townhall              and we are building decarbonisation           colleagues this year?
     sessions with colleagues, to hear their          pathways, identifying the actions required    Colleagues truly are at the heart of our
     feedback and respond to questions.               to achieve our net zero ambition.             business and their skills and capabilities
                                                                                                    have enabled us to deliver for our
     Why was it important to call                     What progress have you made                   customers through the challenges of
     out Communities and Planet                       towards your health targets?                  recent times. We recently reached an
     in the purpose?                                  We are constantly reformulating our           agreement with USDAW for a substantial
     For a long time, Tesco has been an active        products to improve the health profile        increase in UK base pay – by 5.8% to
     member in local communities and our              and in the last year we have taken out        £10.10 for hourly-paid store and customer
     work to reduce our environmental impact          a further 7.7 billion calories. Our new       fulfilment centre (CFC) colleagues.
     started many years ago. We recognise that        ranges make it easier for customers           We have also announced a one-off thank
     the future of our business depends not           to eat more fruit and veg, such as our        you payment of 1.25% of annual earnings
     only on the actions we take, but also on         Meat & Veg range, but there’s plenty          to hourly-paid store, CFC and customer
     the world around us. With the urgent             more to do across our markets as we           engagement centre colleagues in the UK.
     need to tackle the climate crisis and            work towards our target to increase           This payment recognises the contribution
     address big social issues like food              sales of healthy products. This year,         of our colleagues and is part of a wider
     poverty and inclusion, it was right to           performance has not progressed, as a          investment in making Tesco a great place
     reflect these commitments in our                 result of some product consolidation          to work, which includes supporting their
     everyday decision making.                        to keep supply moving as well as the          physical and mental wellbeing, both in
                                                      transfer of less healthy choices from         and out of work and building an inclusive
     Why is there no Little Helps Plan                hospitality to retailers.                     culture where everyone feels welcome.
     report this year?
     We want to seize the opportunity of              What are the key priorities for               What is your outlook for the
     the new purpose and strategy to reset            the year ahead?                               year ahead?
     our sustainability reporting and reflect         I’m excited about the momentum we are         As we build on our momentum over the
     the deeper integration of sustainability         building. We have a formula that is working   coming year we believe that it is important
     across our business and the needs of             and that we can build on and accelerate.      to remain focused on championing great
     our stakeholders. So, from now on, we will       For me, it’s about really making progress     value. We expect to see a normalisation
     report progress on our material sustainability   against those key strategic priorities.       in customer behaviour as we come out
     issues within our Annual Report and              There’s plenty of exciting innovation in      of the pandemic, but the exact scale
     provide comprehensive updates across             the pipeline – in product development,        and timing of this is difficult to assess.
     the full breadth of sustainability issues        channels and customer experience. For         We’re also expecting continued cost
     on our dedicated online reporting hub.           example, we are aiming to extend our          inflation through the year. Overall, we
     To find out more, please visit                   Whoosh rapid delivery service to 600          expect to deliver retail adjusted
     www.tescoplc.com/sustainability.                 Express stores by the end of the year.        operating profit of between £2.4bn
                                                                                                    and £2.6bn for FY 2022/23.


12   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                  Strategic report



Our market context




Meeting the needs
of the market.
Market drivers                                                            How we are responding

Concerns over        As people in the UK face rising living costs,
                     more customers are concerned about their
                                                                          For us, that means delivering the best quality
                                                                          at the best price is critical. Our commitment

cost of living       finances, with 20% of UK customers saying
                     they are financially worse off than this
                                                                          to value is unwavering, and our powerful
                                                                          combination of Aldi Price Match, Low Everyday
                     time last year.                                      Prices, and Clubcard Prices provides reliable
                                                                          value and removes reasons to shop elsewhere,
                                                                          with Aldi Price Match featuring in 99% of
                                                                          customers’ weekly shops in large stores.


Healthier            The pandemic brought health to the front
                     of mind for customers, but it also got more
                                                                          This year, we launched a new campaign
                                                                          ‘That’s Dinner Sorted’, including an easy

mealtimes            people cooking at home. There has been
                     10% growth in home meal occasions since
                                                                          traybake in partnership with Jamie Oliver –
                                                                          helping to feed families with easy, healthy and
                     2020; that is half a billion more meals eaten        affordable meals. We have also launched our
                     at home. Our customers want to make                  Meat & Veg range across 300 stores in the UK,
                     healthy choices but we know that when it             with all products containing at least 30%
                     comes to choosing dinner for tonight, ease           vegetable content.
                     is still the number one driver.


Doing my bit         This is a critical time for action on climate
                     change and our customers agree. 90% of
                                                                          To help our customers shop more sustainably,
                                                                          we are taking action – including with our range

for the planet       our customers want to lead more sustainable
                     lives but they are also looking to organisations
                                                                          of 450 plant-based products; our work to
                                                                          remove 1.6 billion pieces of plastic since 2019;
                     like Tesco to help them do that.                     our network of soft-plastic recycling points; and
                                                                          our partnership with Loop to reuse packaging.


Personalised         As retail technology becomes more
                     sophisticated, the personalisation trend
                                                                          More than 20 million UK households have a
                                                                          Clubcard, and nine million access Clubcard via

shopping             is accelerating. Research shows that 70%
                     of UK consumers expect personalised
                                                                          app. Initiatives like Clubcard Prices provide
                                                                          immediate reward for customer loyalty, with

experience           experiences from brands they shop with
                     and 54% expect to receive a personalised
                                                                          lower prices at the checkout. But there is more
                                                                          we can do. Going forward we will be making
                     discount within 24 hours of interacting              greater use of our Clubcard insights to offer
                     with a brand.                                        enhanced and personalised rewards to our
                                                                          most loyal customers.


On demand            The pandemic accelerated a customer trend
                     to online shopping, but more than that, as
                                                                          Tesco is well set up to serve customers
                                                                          wherever, whenever and however they want.
                     customer behaviour has transitioned to more          With the largest network of stores, an online
                     hybrid routines and our lives blend between          footprint that serves more than 99% of UK
                     online and offline, the ‘off button’ is ever         postcodes and new initiatives like Tesco
                     more elusive and convenience is key.                 Whoosh, Tesco has never been a more
                                                                          convenient place to shop.


Communities          During the pandemic, customers spent
                     more time at home and really valued their
                                                                          Tesco stores are more than just places where
                                                                          people buy food: they are critical local hubs,

coming together      local communities as well as the businesses
                     that made a positive contribution.
                                                                          providing essential community services
                                                                          including 3,300 ATMs, 370 pharmacies, 200
                                                                          opticians and 80 Post Offices. 72% of the
                                                                          population agree that a supermarket, like Tesco,
                                                                          is an important part of the community and we
                                                                          are doing everything we can to live up to that.
                                                                          This can be seen in our support for local groups
                                                                          and projects, our food redistribution schemes
                                                                          and the job opportunities we provide for our
                                                                          colleagues and in the broader supply chain.



                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022    13
     Our strategic priorities and performance framework




     Our strategic priorities.

                                          Magnetic value                                                    I love my
                                          for customers                                                  Tesco Clubcard
                                       Redefining value to                                                Increase loyalty and
                                     become the customer’s                                                access new sources
                                           favourite                                                          of revenue



     Principles            – Demonstrating value as the intersection between                 – Leveraging unique insight offered by one of the
                             price, quality and sustainability                                  leading digital retail platforms in the UK
                           – Removing price as a reason to shop elsewhere                    – Personalised offers for our most frequent
                           – Making high-quality, healthy and sustainably sourced               Clubcard customers
                             food easily available and affordable to everyone                – Delighting customers with a richer and more
                           – Making further improvements to our food quality by                 personalised shopping experience
                             continuing to innovate with our supplier partners,              – Incremental revenue opportunities with suppliers to
                             from farm to fork                                                  help them to offer tailored and relevant products
                           – Working hard to reduce the environmental impact
                             of both our own and our supplier partners’
                             operations
                           – Continuing to make a positive contribution to the
                             communities we operate in

     Progress              – Strengthened value proposition: Aldi Price Match                – Nine million customers now using Clubcard via app
                             (650 lines), relaunched Low Everyday Prices                        – up from around two million in 2020
                             (1,600 lines) and 100% of promotions are now                    – Clubcard Prices launched in Tesco Mobile and
                             on Clubcard Prices                                                Tesco Bank in the UK, and extended to Ireland
                           – We launched over 300 new products in the year,                    and Central Europe
                             with a focus on quality. Tesco Finest is the UK’s               – Launched Clubcard Pay+ to allow users to collect
                             largest premium food brand, with sales up 9.3%                    points on payments and to budget
                             in the last year                                                – In-app personalised digital summary of customers’
                           – Introduced our first plant-based meal deal                        experience and value with Tesco trialled with one
                             with Wicked Kitchen                                               million customers
                           – Continue to offer healthy choices through                       – Launched Tesco Media and Insights, powered by
                             reformulation                                                     dunnhumby, the UK’s largest closed loop grocery
                           – Initiatives towards net zero include the launch                   media and insight platform
                             of the first commercial electric HGVs in the UK,
                             with pilots in Hungary and Czech Republic
                           – Removed 1.6 billion pieces of plastic and introduced
                             soft plastic recycling in 900 UK stores, collecting
                             more than 850 tonnes of soft plastic for recycling


     Performance framework
     The framework we will use to guide our actions and track our progress over the coming years.

     Drive top-line growth, underpinned by:           Grow absolute profits while maintaining              In doing so, generate between £1.4bn and
     – Increasing customer satisfaction               sector-leading margins:                              £1.8bn Retail free cash flow per year
       relative to the market                         – Leverage assets efficiently across
     – Growing or at least maintaining our              all channels
       core UK market share                           – Access new revenue streams
                                                        across our digital platform
                                                      – Target productivity initiatives to at least
                                                        offset inflation in the medium term




14   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                       Strategic report




              Easily the most                                             Save
                convenient                                              to invest
                    Incremental                                      A cost-efficient
                    capital-light                                        retailer
                       growth



– Serving customers wherever, whenever and              – Our aim is to simplify, be more productive
  however they want to be served                          and reduce costs
– Supporting growth of our core online business         – We want to at least offset inflation in the medium
– Expanding convenience through capital-light             term and create headroom to fund investments
  opportunities to maximise return on its current       – Our target is to only spend money where
  strong growth                                           it adds value for customers and will make
– Continued evolution of large stores as the backbone     a real difference
  of online grocery business as we maximise our
  existing assets
– Test and learn from trials of new on-demand
  services to develop the right offer focused on
  convenience stores, to complement our
  existing online business

– Online sales remain significantly ahead of pre        – Strong track record of savings delivery
  COVID-19 levels, orders holding at c.1.2 million      – New three-year savings plan underway, with a target
  slots a week                                            of c.£1bn through four streams – goods & services
– Three new urban fulfilment stores (UFCs) opened         not for resale (GSNFR), property, store and
  this year in Lakeside, Bradford and Horwich             distribution operations, and central costs
– 102 new Click & Collect sites added in the UK         – Announced removal of counters in 317 stores in
– Continuing to test and learn from on-demand, with       February, repurposing space to better reflect
  Whoosh now available from more than 200 stores          customers’ needs
– Launched our frictionless store, GetGo                – Simpler supplier arrangements and improved
  in High Holborn                                         procurement processes underway for GSNFR
– Announced our intention to acquire 10 Joyce’s
  Supermarkets in the Republic of Ireland, subject to
  approval from the Competition and Consumer
  Protection Commission




                                                                                                See pages 31 to 37 for
                                                                                                details of our principal risks




                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   15
     Key performance indicators




     Our Big 6 KPIs.
     Grow sales                                                        Deliver profit                                                     Improve operating cash flow
     Why it is important                                               Why it is important                                                Why it is important
     Sustainable growth in sales is important                          Delivering profitable growth is essential                          Strong cash generation is an important
     to our business model.                                            as we aim to create value for all                                  part of our underlying philosophy as we
     What we measure                                                   stakeholders over the long term.                                   manage our business.
     Group sales is a measure of revenue                               What we measure                                                    What we measure
     excluding sales made at petrol filling                            Adjusted operating profit is the headline                          Retail operating cash flow is the cash
     stations. It demonstrates the Group’s                             measure of the Group’s performance.                                generated from continuing operations,
     performance in the retail and financial                           How we performed                                                   excluding the effects of Tesco Bank’s
     services businesses by removing                                   Adjusted operating profit was up nearly                            cash flows. It is a measure of the cash
     volatilities outside of the control of                            59% at constant rates to £2.8bn,                                   generation and working capital efficiency
     management, associated with the                                   reflecting strong sales performance,                               of the retail business, recognising that
     movement in fuel prices.                                          a reduction in COVID-19 costs and a                                Tesco Bank is run and regulated
     How we performed                                                  profit at Tesco Bank.                                              independently from the retail operations.
     Group sales rose 3% at constant rates,                            Adjusted operating profitΔ                                         How we performed
     driven by continued growth in the UK                                                                                                 Thanks to an improved profit
     and double-digit growth at Booker.                                £2.8bn                          58.9%        (b)
                                                                                                                                          performance, cash flow increased 22.5%.
     Group salesΔ                                                      (2021: £1.8bn)                                                     Retail operating cash flow
     £54.8bn                        3.0%       (a)
                                                                                                                                          £4.5bn                         22.5%(c)
     (2021: £53.4bn)                                                                                                                      (2021: £3.6bn)    (d)




     Customers recommend us and                                        Colleagues recommend us as a                                       Build trusted partnerships
     come back time and again                                          great place to work and shop
                                                                                                                                          Why it is important
     Why it is important                                               Why it is important                                                Close and trusted partnerships with our
     Customers are at the heart of everything                          When we get things right for our 345,000                           suppliers allow us to source the best
     we do, and customer satisfaction is an                            colleagues, we make it even easier for                             quality products for our customers,
     important driver of loyalty.                                      them to do what they do best – serving                             at the best prices.
                                                                       our customers, communities and planet                              What we measure
     What we measure
                                                                       a little better every day.
     Reflects the percentage of Fans minus                                                                                                Our supplier satisfaction measure reflects
     Critics answering the question ‘How likely                        What we measure                                                    the percentage of suppliers across the
     is it that you would recommend Tesco to a                         Our ‘Great place to work’ (GPTW)                                   Group (excluding Tesco Bank and Booker)
     friend or colleague?’                                             measure is the percentage of colleagues                            who responded positively when asked
                                                                       who agree or strongly agree with the                               ‘Overall how satisfied are you with your
     How we performed
                                                                       statement ‘I would recommend Tesco as                              experience of working with Tesco?’,
     Our net promoter score for the Group
                                                                       a great place to work’.                                            in our Supplier Viewpoint survey.
     increased by three points to 18 points.
     Customers have recognised the way                                 ‘Great place to shop’ is a net promoter                            How we performed
     Tesco maintained good availability                                score, answering the question ‘I would                             Overall Group supplier satisfaction
     through industry challenges this year                             recommend Tesco as a place to shop’.                               reached another record score of 86.4%.
     and maintained our commitment to                                  How we performed                                                   Over 93% of suppliers are satisfied with
     offering value.                                                   There has been a small decline in                                  prompt payments and there has been
                                                                       colleagues recommending Tesco as a                                 significant improvement in suppliers
     Group net promoter score
                                                                       great place to work and shop, but it                               agreeing with the statement, ‘Tesco
     18 pts                        3 pts(e)                            remains high at 80.4%.                                             listens to me, is open to change and
     (2021: 15 pts)                                                                                                                       new ideas’.
                                                                       Recommend as a place to shop
                                                                                                                                          Group supplier satisfaction
                                                                       41 pts                         (3) pts(f)
                                                                       (2021: 44 pts)
                                                                                                                                          86%                            1 pts(f)
                                                                                                                                          (2021: 85%)
                                                                       Great place to work
                                                                       80%                            (2) pts(f)(g)
                                                                       (2021: 82%)



     ∆ Alternative performance measures (APMs). Measures with this symbol Δ are defined in the Glossary section on pages 205 to 212.
     (a) Group sales exclude VAT and fuel. Reported on a continuing operations basis. Growth is at constant exchange rates on a comparable days basis.
     (b) The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks in light of an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the application of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such
         transactions. Comparatives have been restated for this change in accounting policy (see Note 1 on page 122 for further details).
     (c) Reported on a continuing operations basis. Growth is at actual exchange rates.
     (d) In the current year, Retail operating cash flow is the same as the statutory measure ‘Retail cash generated from operations’. The comparative figure was an APM excluding
         the impact of the sale of Asia and associated pension contribution on operating cash flow.
     (e) Basis Tesco Global Brand tracker. Reported on a continuing operations basis.
     (f) Reported on a continuing operations basis.
     (g) Current GPTW score includes Booker for the first time.


16   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                   Strategic report



Our business model




Our business model.
Unique combination of strengths
Understanding          Our colleagues          Scale and reach          Own Brand              Services                 Innovation
customers              We have around          Our unparalleled         products               Services such as         We encourage a
We use our expertise   345,000 colleagues,     reach allows us to       We source quality      mobile and banking       culture of innovation
to understand and      who all share our       bring great quality      products, with         focus on the needs of    so that our business
meet our customers’    purpose and live by     products to more         expert teams and       Tesco shoppers and       remains at the
needs better than      our values.             customers.               close supplier         allow us to earn and     cutting edge of new
anybody else.                                                           partnerships.          retain their loyalty.    trends and demand.




Business model

                                                                  Products
                                                           We partner with our
                                                          suppliers to source the
                                                          best possible products
                                                         that meet and anticipate
                                                            customers’ needs.




                                                                 Customers
                                                                 Tesco exists
                                                                   to serve                 Channels
                                   Reinvest
                              We focus on making
                                                                  customers           We work through a range
                                                                                       of channels – from small
                            Tesco the best it can be.
                                                                                      shops to large shops, and
                            The better we do our job
                                                                                        online. Booker gives us
                            for customers, the more
                                                                                           access to further
                                 we can reinvest.
                                                                                          channels, including
                                                                                         business centres and
                                                                                         delivered wholesale.




To create value for all
Customers              Colleagues              Suppliers                Communities            Planet                   Shareholders
Our business model     The expertise of our    Our conversations        Our commitment         At this critical time    We work to maintain
allows us to bring     colleagues drives       with suppliers focus     to our customers       for our planet,          a strong and efficient
our customers the      every part of our       on delivering great      goes beyond            we are working to        balance sheet, invest
very best products     business model –        value, great quality     stores and into        reduce our impact        for growth and
at the best possible   from our store          products for our         every community        on the planet and        deliver improved
prices, however        teams to product        customers. When          we serve.              help suppliers and       returns for our
they choose to         development.            we get it right, our                            customers to do          shareholders.
shop with us.                                  business grows.                                 the same.

Voted Britain’s        Colleagues feel able    Record level of          Number of meals        Reduced Scope 1 & 2      Full-year dividend
Favourite              to be themselves at     Group supplier           donated across         GHG emissions vs
Supermarket* by        Tesco without fear      satisfaction             the Group              2015 baseline
customers for          of judgement


7 years 83%                                    86%                      52.6m 52%                                       10.90p
* Grocer Gold Awards


                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        17
     Our colleagues




     A great place to work.
     Our hardworking colleagues are the drivers                                When we do recruit externally, all new contracts will be offered on a
                                                                               minimum of 16 hours per week, with the exception of our lowest
     of our success and we are committed to                                    turnover stores and where candidates want fewer contractual hours.
     ensuring everyone feels welcome and has
     the support they need to be at their best.                                This new deal recognises the contribution our colleagues make
                                                                               to our business at a time when household budgets are under
     It is part of what makes Tesco a great place to work and has              pressure. We also want to equip colleagues with future fit skills
     been recognised in our annual colleague engagement survey                 to help them continue to build long-term careers. We are investing
     ‘Every Voice Matters’, where 80% of colleagues would recommend            more in skills and training in areas of growth and ensuring
     us as a great place to work. For details of our engagement with           colleagues can increase their earning potential by accessing work
     colleagues see our stakeholder section on page 20.                        where and when they want it. This means all colleagues will gain the
                                                                               skills to serve on a checkout or self-service, pick an online order
     Health, safety and wellbeing                                              and replenish the shelves, if applicable in their local store or CFC.
     The health, safety and wellbeing of our 345,000 colleagues is a top
     priority for us. This year, we have enhanced sick pay for colleagues      Store colleagues have access to a digital learning platform that
     who have needed to self-isolate and we collaborated with USDAW            contains modules that allow them to build broad, future fit skills
     on the campaign to protect retail workers from abuse, threats and         across each of the core areas of our store operation. This new
     violence and invested in new equipment to keep our colleagues             learning journey allows colleagues to access a broader range of
     safe, including body-worn cameras and safety screens.                     career and learning opportunities at Tesco. We are also continuing
                                                                               to support our colleagues to build their digital confidence. Since
     We continue to enhance our health and wellness programme,                 October 2020, we have invested in 795 future skills partners who
     ensuring colleagues get the support they need, when they need it.         have supported our colleagues in UK stores to develop their digital
     This year has continued to present challenges for our colleagues          skills and confidence, access information about their work and pay
     but their dedication to serving our customers, communities and            using self-serve technology.
     supporting each other has remained steadfast with 1,000 colleagues
     volunteering to become wellbeing champions. These champions               This year, we continued to roll out our manager development
     promote and encourage wellbeing activities in the workplace and           programme, with 774 in the UK and 334 in Tesco Ireland attending
     help colleagues find wellbeing resources and support.                     courses on being an inclusive manager, adaptable thinking and
                                                                               mastering conversations. In Central Europe, 314 store managers
     As we embrace a wellbeing culture, we have expanded measures              and deputy managers participated in our manager capability training.
     to ensure everyone feels supported, both physically and mentally.
     The updated employee assistance programme in the UK gives                 We are proud to be the UK’s largest private sector employer and
     colleagues, and their immediate family, access to even more               this year, hired colleagues across all of our business areas, including
     emotional and practical support services including counselling,           35,000 temporary colleagues in the UK over Christmas. Over the
     life coaching and mindfulness programmes. In Ireland, we launched         course of 2021, Tesco Ireland hired over 4,000 colleagues and
     mental health first aid courses for managers and at Tesco Bank,           Central Europe recruited nearly 6,000 colleagues into the business.
     we rolled out our ‘be well building blocks’ to all colleagues,
     helping to drive better working practices and healthy living              Brexit related restrictions along with COVID-19 presented challenges
     advice for our colleagues.                                                requiring a more agile and innovative recruitment approach. In the
                                                                               UK we have added 960 HGV drivers via recruitment, conversion
     In February 2022 we partnered with Vitality, a points-based reward        courses and apprenticeships. During 2021, across the Tesco
     programme, to help our colleagues be at their best in and outside         Group we welcomed around 7,000 new home delivery drivers
     of work. The easy to use app and inspiring programme                      in response to increased demand for home shopping during
     of events supports colleagues across the UK to get more active            COVID-19 restrictions.
     and healthy, making long-term positive habits easier to achieve.
     To date, over 11,000 colleagues have enrolled.                            Jobs, skills and training for young people
                                                                               With people under 25 disproportionately affected by the pandemic,
     Investing in our people                                                   it has never been more important to support young job seekers
     People are at the heart of our business and ensuring they succeed         from all backgrounds. The first cohort of our six-month work
     helps us succeed. We are pleased to have reached an agreement             placement in support of the Government’s Kickstart scheme
     with USDAW in the UK that sees a substantial increase in base pay,        completed in May 2021. 47% of those completing the placement
     an extension of the colleague discount and new training and               went on to secure permanent employment.
     technology to upskill colleagues, giving them more flexibility in
     their work and potential to access more hours.                            In 2021, we extended our partnership with leading youth charity
                                                                               The Prince’s Trust for a further five years with the ambition of
     From July 2022, store and customer fulfilment centre (CFC)                reaching 200,000 young people most in need. As part of this
     colleagues will see their hourly rates increase 5.8% from £9.55 to        partnership, we are committed to helping 45,000 young people
     £10.10. This represents a £200m investment in our colleagues –            to build their employability skills and jumpstart their careers over
     the biggest single-year investment in pay for hourly-paid store and       the next year, whatever their background, through permanent
     CFC colleagues in at least a decade. In addition, we have made a          employment opportunities, pre-employment and work placement
     commitment to all colleagues who are contracted to fewer than 16          programmes, apprenticeships, internships and graduate
     hours per week that if they would like more contracted hours, they will   programmes and wider partnerships.
     always be offered any vacant hours first, before we recruit externally.


18   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                               Strategic report




Diversity and inclusion
Being an inclusive place to work and shop is embedded in
our values – we treat people how they want to be treated.
We firmly believe that embracing diversity and building inclusion
into everything we do is key to our business success and helps
us connect with the communities we serve. We strive to make
progress year on year and are proud that 83% of colleagues
feel they can be themselves without fear of judgement.

To support our aspirations and commitment to equality of
representation, we focus on attracting, developing, and
retaining diverse talent. This year, this has included:

– Setting targets for gender and ethnic representation among
  our top global leaders.
– Through our diverse talent communities, supporting high-
  potential colleagues from ethnically diverse backgrounds with
  career planning, sponsorship and networking. We have seen
  27% of the community promoted to the next work level.
– Alongside demanding more diverse shortlists for senior vacancies,
  we have implemented positive changes to our hiring practices,
  resulting in 54% of external senior appointments and 38% of
  internal promotions at Director level being female this year.            Working with the Black British Network
– Continuing to work with Arrival Education with our business
  leaders participating in a mentoring programme to understand           “Hearing the real lived experiences of
  the barriers faced by diverse talent and take action to drive
  meaningful change, giving mentees inspiration, insight and
                                                                          Black people, and the commitment from
  helping build skills.                                                   our leaders to role model and support
– Relaunching our Tesco Health services and Workplace Adjustment          the change that we need to see to break
  services, making it simpler for colleagues to access support as
  well as guidance for managers to help give them the confidence          down the huge barrier of systemic racism,
  to offer the right support or options for their team. To date,          is such a positive start on this journey.”
  1,621 colleagues have used the service.
– At Tesco Bank, launching a diversity and inclusion training module
  with completion rates of 95% and 98% for the colleague and               Linda Begnor
  manager modules respectively.
                                                                           Assistant Merchandise Planner
Our colleague networks, with executive-level sponsorship,
continue to underpin our strategy, offering colleague support              We are committed to creating a more inclusive
while also acting as strategic business advisors to ensure we              workplace and remain focused on increasing the
are creating an environment where diverse talent can thrive.               racial diversity of our business. In April 2021 we
In the UK, we have colleague networks on Armed Forces,                     became a founding member of the Black British
Disability, LGBTQ+, Race & Ethnicity, Women at Tesco and                   Network, which focuses on understanding the
Parents & Carers at Tesco. In September 2021, Tesco Ireland                disparities and challenges faced by the Black
launched six new Colleague Communities: Enabled at Tesco;                  community. Black colleagues, allies and leaders
Gender Balance at Tesco; LGBTQ+ at Tesco; Carers at Tesco;
                                                                           have attended a series of round table discussions
Young People at Tesco; and Ethnicity at Tesco.
                                                                           with other organisations.
Alongside our colleague networks, we continue listening to and
elevating diverse voices, utilising our colleague engagement survey
Every Voice Matters results and feedback from executive-led
colleague listening sessions, to understand where we can do more.      This year we are reporting the diversity of our top global leaders
                                                                       for the first time, alongside our Board, and have set new targets
We know that Black voices are under-represented throughout             that 35% of our global leaders will be female and 14% will be
society, and aggregated terms such as BAME do not help drive           from an ethnically diverse background by 2025. We will report
progress. We are a proud signatory of the ‘If Not Now, When?’          our progress annually.
campaign and in October 2021 publicly reported progress against
                                                                                                           Male                 Female          Ethnically diverse
the six commitments to Black inclusion. Our Black colleagues
                                                                       Board(a)                           9       69%           4        31%      2 15%
have set up a dedicated Black Voices Advisory Group to act as a
consultative body and sounding board to test ideas and contribute      Executive Committee                9       69%           4        31%      2   17%(b)
to improving the experiences of colleagues at Tesco. They have         Top global leaders(c)           209        74%          74        26%◊   29    11% ◊
also created a Black action plan which has launched across the         All colleagues               162,272       47%     183,421        53% Not reported
business to achieve fair and equitable representation across           (a) Our CEO and CFO are members of the Board and Executive Committee and are
four key pillars: talent, commercial, brand and community.                 included within both groups in the above table. Following Board changes which will
                                                                           take effect following the AGM in June 2022, the Board diversity will be 36% female,
                                                                           18% ethnically diverse.
Collecting diversity data from our colleagues will enable us to        (b) One Executive Committee member declined to provide ethnicity information and
identify additional areas for improvement; make more inclusive             therefore was not included in percentage calculation.
                                                                       (c) Our top global leaders relates to directors and business leaders across the Group,
decisions; and support our ambition to participate in voluntary            including Executive Committee members.
reporting, such as the ethnicity pay gap. While we recognise that      ◊ Deloitte LLP was engaged to provide independent limited assurance over the selected
this is a choice for our colleagues, we continue to encourage              diversity data highlighted in this report with a ◊ using the assurance standard ISAE
                                                                           3000. Deloitte has issued an unqualified opinion over the selected data. Deloitte’s full
colleagues to participate in our ‘This is Me’ campaign.                    assurance statement is available at: www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub



                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                           19
     Engaging with our stakeholders




     Stakeholders.
     We strive to create value for each of
     our stakeholders. In addition to those
     detailed below, as part of our purpose
     and strategic priorities, we also factor
     communities and the planet into
     every decision we make.




                                                   For
     Customers                                   7 years                   Colleagues                                83%
                                                                                                                  Colleagues feel able
                                                 voted Britain’s                                                  to be themselves at
                                                   Favourite                                                       Tesco without fear
                                                Supermarket* by                                                      of judgement
                                                   customers



     Priorities                          – Introduced rapid delivery       Priorities                       – In February 2022, we placed
     Our customers want high-              through Tesco Whoosh,           Colleagues want to be treated      23rd on Stonewall’s Top 100
     quality, healthy, sustainable,        a 60-minute grocery delivery    fairly and feel supported          Workplace Equality Index,
     affordable food, produced             service, which is now in        with their health, safety          which shows our
     with respect for farmers and          200 stores.                     and wellbeing while being          commitment to being an
     suppliers, which they can           – Clubcard Prices were            recognised and rewarded            LGBTQ+ inclusive employer.
     buy easily. They also want an         introduced in Ireland and       for their contribution.          – We are founding members
     excellent service and for all our     Central Europe and also for                                        of the Black British Network,
     colleagues to be treated fairly.      Tesco Mobile customers.         Company engagement                 which was set up to help
                                           Tesco Bank introduced           actions and outcomes               bring about lasting systemic
     Company engagement                    Clubcard Pay, a new way to      – We have reached a deal           change for the Black
     actions and outcomes                  pay, save and pick up points.     with USDAW in the UK             community. Following a
     – Our Insight team listens to       – We made our stores less           and announced a £200m            series of powerful round
       customers every day to gain         stressful, helping customers      investment in our                tables, our colleagues were
       a deep understanding of             with disabilities by the          colleagues, through a            inspired to create a Black
       customers’ needs, which             introduction of a permanent       substantial increase in base     Action Plan, driven by
       helps us to make the right          quiet hour.                       pay from July 2022, an           colleagues from our Black
       decisions as a business.          – We supported catering             extension of the colleague       Advisory Group.
     – We strengthened our price           customers as restrictions         discount and new training
       position. To offer customers        lifted on the hospitality         and technology to upskill      How the Board engaged
       great value in challenging          industry.                         colleagues, giving them        Through ‘Every Voice Matters’
       times, we have invested in        – Introduced checkout-free          more flexibility in their      colleague engagement
       Aldi Price Match, Low               store using the ‘GetGo’ app,      work and potential to          surveys, regular pulse
       Everyday Prices, and                giving customers the              access more hours.             surveys, twice-yearly
       Clubcard Prices – a powerful        opportunity to shop and pay     – We continue to support         colleague engagement
       combination that removes            without scanning a product        young people with jobs         panels and regular updates
       reasons to shop elsewhere.          or using a checkout.              and skills and extended        on people initiatives, the
     – As part of our focus on                                               our partnership with the       Board has the oversight to
       quality, we have launched         How the Board engaged               Prince’s Trust for a further   understand what is important
       over 300 new products and         The Board uses customer             five years with the ambition   to our colleagues and what
       improved the quality of over      engagement surveys and data         of reaching 200,000 young      is required to create the
       500 lines.                        analysis to listen to customer      people most in need.           workforce of the future.
     – Over 59 billion calories          views and act on what is most     – Offering training and          More information on our
       have been removed from            important to deliver the            development opportunities      Colleague Contribution Panels
       our products since 2018           best possible products and          to colleagues to allow them    can be found on page 57.
       through reformulation, as         services. We work hard to           to build future fit skills,
       part of our commitment to         make sustainable products           including building their
       increase sales of healthy         accessible and affordable           digital confidence with
       products to 65% by 2025.          for all. The Board receives         future skills partners.
                                         regular updates on customer
                                         insights to understand our
     *   Grocer Gold Awards              customers’ needs.

20   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                              Strategic report




Suppliers                                   86%                       Shareholders
                                        Record level of Group
                                         supplier satisfaction
                                                                                                              10.90p
                                                                                                                Full-year dividend
                                               (based on
                                           Viewpoint Survey)



Priorities                         – We have published a full list    Priorities                           – In June 2021 we held a
Suppliers welcome our                of our first-tier food and       Our shareholders want to               virtual shareholder
collaborative approach.              grocery non-food suppliers.      work with us to achieve positive       engagement event allowing
We work to develop long-term         Transparency across our          long-term, sustainable growth          shareholders to ask
partnerships to unlock value,        supply chains plays a key part   and returns. We aim to                 questions of the Board
differentiation and innovation       in our human rights strategy     secure these outcomes by               ahead of the 2021 AGM.
for our customers and support        and allows us to continually     delivering our strategy and          – The Group Company
our ambitions to reduce the          improve the way we source        business objectives.                   Secretary’s team
environmental impact of our          our products.                                                           engages with private
supply chains.                     – We launched the ‘Tesco           Company engagement                     shareholders. Through
                                     Media and Insight, powered       actions and outcomes                   Equiniti, our registrars,
Company engagement                   by dunnhumby’, platform to       – Shared the multi-year                we provide services to
actions and outcomes                 help suppliers and agencies        performance framework                private shareholders.
– The past two years have            engage more effectively with       we will use to guide our           – Senior management
  been challenging for our           customers and understand           actions and track our                maintains regular dialogue
  supply base managing the           their evolving needs.              progress in creating                 with our relationship banks.
  impacts of Brexit and the        – Our incubator programme,           sustainable, long-term value
  pandemic. During this time         now in its fifth year supports     for every stakeholder; and         How the Board engaged
  we sought to work even             small, entrepreneurial             the four strategic priorities      Members of the Board,
  more collaboratively with          brands to succeed in Tesco         that will enable delivery          senior management and
  our supply base, leveraging        through nurturing and              against the framework.             Investor Relations hold
  our partnerships, capability       coaching to drive forward        – Refreshed our capital              regular meetings with
  and multi-channel scale to         an innovation pipeline.            allocation framework,              existing and potential
  protect availability and value                                        including our intention to         institutional investors
  for customers.                   How the Board engaged                pay a progressive dividend.        and analysts to understand
– Our buying teams host            Our suppliers can provide          – Launched an ongoing share          their views and policies.
  regular seminars and             feedback through day-to-day          buyback programme, with            The Board receives regular
  updates with their supplier      contact with senior                  the first tranche of £500m in      updates to ensure it
  partners and our leadership      management, our product              shares to be repurchased by        considers the views of
  team hosts a supplier event      teams and through our                no later than October 2022.        shareholders to provide
  in partnership with the          Supplier Viewpoint feedback        – Proposing a final dividend of      expected returns, ensure
  Institute of Grocery             channel. The Board receives          7.70 per share taking the          sufficient capital is retained
  Distribution every year. In      regular updates on our               full-year dividend to 10.90        to invest in the customer
  addition, we welcomed our        supplier strategy and                per share.                         offer and grow the business
  largest suppliers to a climate   engagement, and understands        – Completion of the sale of          in line with strategy.
  summit in October 2021.          the key sourcing issues.             the Poland business in
– Our suppliers have played a      The Corporate Responsibility         March 2021.
  key role in helping us work      Committee has responsibility       – Issued our second
  towards our ambitious            for and oversight of our             sustainability-linked bond
  target of removing plastic.      sustainability strategy.             of £400m.




                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022    21
     Engaging with our stakeholders continued



                                                             Section 172 statement
     Matters considered during                               The needs of our stakeholders and the consequences of any
     strategic review                                        decision in the long term are taken into consideration by the
                                                             Board when making decisions. Details of our key stakeholders
     During the year, the Board undertook a review of        are set out on pages 20 and 21. In addition, the interests and views
     our purpose and strategic priorities. The Board’s       of Tesco pensioners and our relationship with regulators
     focus was on strengthening our customer                 and NGOs are taken into consideration. The differing interests
     proposition and creating long-term, sustainable         of stakeholders are considered in the business decisions we
     value for all of Tesco’s stakeholders. We have          make across Tesco, at all levels, and are reinforced by the
     developed a multi-year performance framework            Board setting the right tone from the top.
     supported by four strategic priorities which will
     be reported on twice-yearly. Through the process,       In performing their duties during the year, the Directors have had
     the Board considered each of our stakeholder            regard for the matters set out in Section 172(1) of the Companies
                                                             Act 2006. Examples of how the Directors have oversight of
     groups focusing on the following priorities:
                                                             stakeholder matters and had regard for these matters when
                                                             making decisions is included throughout this Annual Report.
     Customers: increasing customer satisfaction by
     providing them with what they want and need
     from Tesco. We aim be the easiest place to shop         s172 factor        Relevant disclosures                       Page
     for healthy and sustainable foods. Through our          Consequences       Chairman’s statement                            9
     digital platforms we have the ability to manage         of any decisions   Group Chief Executive’s review                10
     vast amounts of data, gain unique insights and          in the long term   Key performance indicators                    16
                                                                                Our business model                             17
     respond quickly and effectively to a changing                              Engaging with our stakeholders                20
     market. With market-leading positions across                               Financial review                              23
     all channels, we have the insight to be able to                            Principal risks and uncertainties             31
     understand and anticipate customers’ changing                              Longer term viability statement               38
                                                                                Chairman’s governance letter                  46
     needs and provide them with a richer experience.                           Board leadership and company purpose          55
                                                                                Board leadership: Board activity              58
     Colleagues: building on the experience,                                    Directors’ remuneration report                74
     expertise and commitment of our colleagues.             Interests of the   Our purpose in action                           6
     This is essential in the delivery of our strategic      employees          Group Chief Executive’s review                10
     priorities. The Board will continue to assess and                          Key performance indicators                    16
                                                                                Our business model                             17
     monitor the culture in which our colleagues                                Our colleagues                                18
     operate, to ensure it is a conducive working                               Engaging with our stakeholders                20
     environment and a place to develop and grow.                               Colleague engagement                          57
                                                                                Board leadership: Board activity              58
     Suppliers: building on the strong relationships                            Directors’ remuneration report                74
     developed with our supplier partners. This will         Foster business    Our purpose in action                          6
                                                             relationships      Group Chief Executive’s review                10
     allow us to further improve the quality of our
                                                             with suppliers,    Meeting the needs of the market               13
     products through joint innovation. Through              customers and      Our strategic priorities and performance      14
     our sustainability strategy, which underpins            others             framework
     our refreshed purpose, we will work with our                               Key performance indicators                    16
     suppliers to reduce the environmental impact                               Engaging with our stakeholders                20
                                                                                Board leadership: Board activity              58
     of both our own and their operations.
                                                             Impact of our      Our purpose in action                          6
                                                             operations on      Group Chief Executive’s review                10
     Shareholders: growing our market share and              the community      Principal risks and uncertainties             31
     delivering improved returns. Our refreshed capital      and environment    Climate                                       40
     allocation framework will allow us to reinvest in the                      Task Force on Climate-related Financial       41
     business, maintain a solid balance sheet, consider                         Disclosures
                                                                                Board leadership: Board activity              58
     organic growth opportunities, pay a progressive                            Corporate Responsibility Committee            66
     dividend and return surplus cash to shareholders.       Maintain a         Our purpose                                     5
                                                             reputation for     Our purpose in action                           6
     Communities: continuing to make a positive              high standards     Our strategic priorities and performance       14
     contribution to the communities we serve and            of business        framework
     society more broadly, which is reflected in the         conduct            Key performance indicators                    16
                                                                                Engaging with our stakeholders                20
     evolution of our purpose. We are working                                   Principal risks and uncertainties             31
     hard to make a bigger difference locally                                   Non-financial information statement           45
     through supporting charities and community                                 Chairman’s governance letter                  46
     organisations, including through our surplus                               Division of responsibilities                  53
                                                                                Board leadership and company purpose          55
     food redistribution programmes, helping to                                 Board leadership: Board activity              58
     create jobs and opportunities to progress and                              Composition, succession and evaluation        61
     making Tesco a great place to work for all.                                Nominations and Governance Committee          63
                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report                74
                                                             Acting fairly      Engaging with our stakeholders                20
                                                             between            Board leadership: Board activity              58
                                                             members            Audit Committee                               68



22   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report



Financial review




Group
review of
performance.
Group sales(d) increased by +3.0% at constant rates, with growth                                         being recognised within Tesco Bank operating profit following its
across all regions on top of exceptionally strong sales last year.                                       full acquisition in May. The increase in tax this year primarily reflects
Revenue increased by +6.4% at constant rates including fuel sales                                        higher levels of both retail and Tesco Bank operating profit, in addition
growth of +48.1% as customers travelled more following the easing                                        to the revaluation of deferred tax relating to the announced change
of government restrictions. While two-year like-for-like(h) fuel sales                                   in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25%, effective 1 April 2023.
growth was negative at (6.4)%, this primarily reflects lower demand
in the first half, with fuel sales ahead of pre-pandemic levels by the                                   Our adjusted diluted EPS(e),(g) rose by +88.8%, reflecting the increase
end of the year.                                                                                         in retail and Tesco Bank operating profit and a reduction in net
                                                                                                         finance costs. We have proposed a final dividend of 7.70 pence
Group adjusted operating profit(e) grew by +58.9% at constant rates,                                     per ordinary share, taking the full-year dividend to 10.90 pence
reflecting the strong sales performance across the retail businesses,                                    per ordinary share, an increase of 19.1% year-on-year.
a reduction in COVID-19 related costs and a return to profitability
in Tesco Bank. These benefits were partially offset by inflationary                                      Net debt(b),(f) reduced by £1.4bn year-on-year, primarily driven by
pressures in the cost base, particularly in distribution costs. Group                                    strong free cash flow generation. Retail free cash flow(f) increased
statutory operating profit, which includes adjusting items related to                                    by £0.9bn year-on-year due to higher retail operating profits, the
the costs of historical shareholder litigation claims, grew by +65.5%.                                   elimination of UK pension contributions (following the £2.5bn one-off
                                                                                                         contribution last year from the Asia disposal proceeds) and a working
Finance income and finance costs reduced year-on-year primarily                                          capital benefit from higher sales. These benefits were partly offset
due to fair value remeasurement gains related to the mark-to-                                            by an increase in capital expenditure. The Net debt/EBITDA ratio was
market movement on inflation-linked swaps, which were a £123m                                            2.5 times at the year end, compared to 3.3 times last year.
benefit this year compared to a £(214)m charge in the prior year.
The reduction in our share of profit from joint ventures and                                             Further commentary on all of these metrics can be found below and
associates was principally due to profit from Tesco Underwriting                                         a full income statement can be found on page 116.

                                                                                                                                   FY                  FY(c)               Total change YoY
52 weeks ended 26 February 2022(a),(b)                                                                                        2021/22              2020/21             Actual rate      Constant rate
Group sales (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)(d)                                                                                      £54,768m            £53,445m                      2.5%                3.0%
Fuel                                                                                                                        £6,576m             £4,442m                     48.1%               48.1%
Revenue (exc. VAT, inc. fuel)                                                                                             £61,344m            £57,887m                      6.0%                6.4%
Adjusted operating profit(e)                                                                                               £2,825m               £1,788m                  58.0%                58.9%
Adjusting items(a)                                                                                                          £(265)m               £(241)m
Group statutory operating profit                                                                                           £2,560m               £1,547m                  65.5%
Net finance costs                                                                                                           £(542)m               £(937)m
Joint ventures and associates                                                                                                  £15m                  £26m
Group statutory profit before tax                                                                                          £2,033m                 £636m                  219.7%
Group tax                                                                                                                   £(510)m               £(104)m
Group statutory profit after tax                                                                                           £1,523m                 £532m                 186.3%
Adjusted diluted EPS(e),(g)                                                                                                    21.86p               11.58p                88.8%
Statutory diluted EPS                                                                                                          19.64p               5.58p                252.0%
Dividend per share                                                                                                            10.90p                9.15p                 19.1%
Net debt(b),(f)                                                                                                            £(10.5)bn            £(12.0)bn
Retail free cash flow(f)                                                                                                      £2.3bn               £1.3bn
Capex(i)                                                                                                                       £1.1bn              £1.0bn

(a) The Group has defined and outlined the purpose of its alternative performance measures, including its performance highlights, in the Glossary starting on page 207. During the year, the operating
    profit and EPS APMs were renamed. Profit has changed from ‘Group operating profit before exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ to ‘Adjusted operating profit’. EPS has
    changed from ‘Diluted EPS before exceptional and other items’ to ‘Adjusted diluted EPS’. The definitions are unchanged. The Retail free cash flow APM was amended in order to provide a more
    consistent and predictable view of free cash flow generated by the Group’s retail operation. ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ within operating profit, along with net
    pension finance costs, fair value remeasurements of financial instruments, and the tax impact of such items (below operating profit), are now called ‘Adjusting items’. The policy for determining
    adjusting items, and the items adjusted for, are unchanged from the prior year and hence there is no impact on previously reported APMs.
(b) All measures apart from Net debt are shown on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise stated. Further details on discontinued operations can be found in Note 7, starting on page 140.
(c) The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks in light of an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the application of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such transactions. Comparatives
    have been restated for this change in accounting policy (see Note 1 on page 122 for further details).
(d) Group sales exclude VAT and fuel. Sales change shown on a comparable days basis for Central Europe.
(e) Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted diluted EPS exclude Adjusting items as noted in footnote (a).
(f) Net debt and Retail free cash flow exclude Tesco Bank.
(g) The share base used in Adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is adjusted to capture the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and
    Malaysia, as if it took place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year. As such, Adjusted diluted EPS (adjusted for share consolidation) is presented on a basis other than in accordance with
    IAS 33. Please see page 210 for a reconciliation to Adjusted diluted EPS. Like-for-like is a measure of growth in Group online sales and sales from stores that have been open for at least a
    year (at constant exchange rates, excluding VAT and fuel).
(h) Like-for-like is a measure of growth in Group online sales and sales from stores that have been open for at least a year (at constant exchange rates, excluding VAT and fuel).
(i) Capex excludes additions arising from business combinations and buybacks of properties (typically stores), as well as additions relating to decommissioning provisions and similar items.

                                                                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                              23
     Financial review continued


     Segmental review of performance
     Sales performance: (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)(d)
                                                                                               LFL sales change(h)              Total sales change YoY
                                                                                  Sales      One-year              Two-year    Actual rate     Constant rate
       UK                                                                     £39,742m           0.4%                  8.2%          0.8%              0.8%
       ROI                                                                      £2,487m        (2.9)%                 10.6%         (7.1)%            (2.4)%
       Booker                                                                   £7,755m         15.3%                  11.9%         15.1%             15.1%
     UK & ROI                                                                £49,984m            2.2%                  8.8%          2.3%              2.6%
     Central Europe                                                            £3,862m           2.9%                  2.5%       (0.0)%                3.7%
     Retail                                                                  £53,846m            2.3%                  8.3%          2.2%               2.7%
       Bank                                                                       £922m             –                      –       25.4%              25.4%
     Group Sales                                                             £54,768m            2.3%                  8.3%          2.5%              3.0%
       Fuel                                                                     £6,576m        48.0%                 (6.4)%        48.1%               48.1%
     Group Revenue                                                           £61,344m            5.9%                  6.4%         6.0%               6.4%

     Further information on sales performance is included in Supplementary information starting on page 204.

     Adjusted operating profit(e) performance
                                                                                                Total change YoY
                                                                                                                                Margin %     Margin % change
                                                                                  Profit    Actual rate     Constant rate      Actual rate        Actual rate
       UK & ROI                                                                £2,481m         34.9%                 35.4%        4.40%             +94bps
       Central Europe                                                            £168m         35.5%                  41.1%        4.18%           +107bps
     Retail                                                                   £2,649m          34.9%                 35.8%        4.38%             +95bps
       Bank                                                                      £176m           n/m                   n/m       19.09%                n/m
     Group                                                                    £2,825m          58.0%                 58.9%        4.61%            +152bps

     Further information on operating profit performance is included in Note 2 starting on page 130.

     UK & ROI overview                                                          customers prioritised spending on food during the first national
     In the UK & ROI, one-year like-for-like sales increased by +2.2% on        lockdown. In the second half, food sales declined as customers
     top of exceptional growth last year, driven by a sharp recovery in         were able to return to eating more out of home, and reflected
     Booker catering sales, strong non-food sales in the UK & ROI and           very strong comparators last year, including double-digit growth
     sustained market outperformance in the UK. Two-year like-for-like          in the fourth quarter.
     sales increased by +8.8% with all businesses growing versus
     pre-pandemic levels.                                                       We sought to mitigate as much price inflation as possible, ending
                                                                                the year with our strongest relative price position in over six
     UK & ROI adjusted operating profit was £2,481m, up +35.4% at               years. Our ongoing value investments and a higher promotional
     constant rates as higher sales volumes and lower COVID-19                  participation meant we saw sales deflation for the year as a
     costs year-on-year offset underlying operating cost inflation.             whole, but with inflation increasing during the second half of
                                                                                the year, as the grocery market faced significant cost pressures.
     In the UK, we continued to incur COVID-19 related costs, primarily
     relating to colleague absence for those colleagues who were                Two-year like-for-like sales grew by +8.2%, with growth both in
     sick or self-isolating and additional costs related to sustained           stores and online, and in food and non-food. Average basket sizes
     elevated online sales. Total COVID-19 related costs were £(220)            across the business remained higher than pre-pandemic levels,
     m, significantly less than the £(892)m incurred last year. Our             partially offset by fewer shopping trips.
     assumption for the current year is that we will incur a significantly
     lower level of COVID-19 costs as colleague absence rates return            Our relentless focus on providing customers with great value
     to pre-pandemic levels. Around £(80)m of residual costs will               and service resulted in consistent outperformance against the
     remain, relating to increased online demand, however we                    market throughout the year. Our UK market share reached its
     do not plan to report these separately going forwards.                     highest level in over four years and we saw 23 consecutive periods
                                                                                of net switching gains. We gained market share in the year on both
     Adjusted operating margin was up +94 basis points versus last              a value and volume basis, with volume growing ahead of value as
     year. Our core UK business benefited from strong growth in higher          we did everything we could to minimise inflation for our customers.
     margin clothing sales, including an increase in full price sales from      We have market leading two-year improvements in brand index
     77% last year to 86% this year, and Booker profitability recovered         (+413bps), value (+483bps) and quality (+385bps) perception.
     as catering demand increased following the reopening of the                During the year we extended Clubcard Prices to all Express stores,
     hospitality sector. Lower COVID-19 related costs were partly offset        increasing Clubcard sales penetration by +21%pts year-on-year
     by our investments in value and service. We were able to more              in those stores. Clubcard penetration in large stores was 86%,
     than offset inflationary pressures in the cost base this year with         increasing by +7%pts year-on-year.
     cost savings related to further simplifying our operating model.
                                                                                Online one-year like-for-like sales declined by (6.5)% as some
     UK – strong market outperformance, with sales growth on                    customers chose to return to shopping in our stores as the
     a one-year and two-year basis                                              pandemic eased. Online sales participation was 14% across the
     One-year like-for-like sales grew by +0.4%, including growth of            full year, with a peak during the first quarter of 15.5%. Two-year
     +1.2% in the first half before sales declined by (0.5)% in the second      like-for-like sales grew by +66.1% and sales participation in online
     half as we traded over elevated demand during the second and               was 5% higher than before the pandemic, driven by both a
     third national lockdowns in the prior year. First half growth was          sustained increase in orders and higher basket sizes. We have
     driven by non-food and increased levels of discretionary spend             added £2.3bn of online sales and fulfilled an average of over 1.2
     compared to last year, when footfall in stores was lower and               million customer orders per week versus 0.7 million pre-pandemic.




24   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                Strategic report




We have included the table below to aid understanding of our               In September, we announced accelerated climate ambitions,
online performance.                                                        bringing forward our Group own operations net zero target to
                                                                           2035. We also launched a new goal to be net zero across our
                                          FY      One-year      Two-year
Online performance                   2021/22        change        change
                                                                           entire value chain by 2050, aligned to a 1.5°C pathway. We
                                                                           continued to roll out electric online delivery vans, set up new
LFL sales                            £5.9bn          (6.5)%      +66.1%
                                                                           renewable energy projects and launched our first two electric
Orders per week                       1.22m          +0.9%       +63.3%
                                                                           HGVs in our distribution operations this year. We also launched
Basket size £                           £94          (6.8)%       +2.2%
                                                                           our sustainability-linked supply-chain financing programme and
Online % of UK total sales            14.0%       (1.1)%pts    +4.8%pts
                                                                           issued our second sustainability-linked bond. In November, we
Delivery saver subscribers             683k            +11%        +38%
                                                                           were delighted to be awarded the Prince of Wales’s Terra Carta
Click & Collect (C&C) locations          510          +39%         +55%
                                                                           Seal in recognition of our commitment to and momentum
                                                                           towards a climate and nature-positive future.
We opened three urban fulfilment centres (UFCs) in the year,
including Lakeside in the first half and Bradford and Horwich in the       ROI – one-year LFL (2.9)% reflecting higher demand last year;
second half, taking the total number to four, with pick rates around       +10.6% growth on a two-year basis
four times higher than store-based picking. The fifth UFC is               One-year like-for-like sales declined by (2.9)% as we traded over
expected to open next month, in Rutherglen.                                exceptional COVID-19 demand last year. The COVID-19 impact was
                                                                           particularly strong in ROI as the restrictions on hospitality were in
Following encouraging initial trials, we expanded ‘Tesco Whoosh’           place for a longer period than in the UK. Despite the exceptionally
– our 60-minute delivery service – from 50 stores in the first half        strong comparative, ROI like-for-like sales grew by +0.3% over
to over 200 stores by the end of the year. We offer customers              Christmas and we gained market share in the fourth quarter.
more than 1,700 products, including fresh food, and delivery slots         Two-year like-for-like sales grew by +10.6%, reflecting a significant
are available between 7am and 10pm, every day. We plan to roll             benefit from retained levels of higher in-home consumption.
the service out to 600 stores over the coming year. In October,
we launched a pilot with Gorillas in our Thornton Heath store in           Our online business grew by +3.1% on a one-year basis and now
London, offering customers grocery deliveries within ten                   represents 8% of our sales. We have maintained a leading position,
minutes on a range of 2,000 products.                                      with a market share of 59%. We expanded our online offering
                                                                           further this year, rolling out an additional 37 Click & Collect
Convenience one-year like-for-like sales declined by (0.8)%, with          locations and increasing our total slot capacity by 69%.
a decline in the first half partially offset by growth of +4.0% in
the second half as footfall in city centres recovered. Growth was          We launched Aldi Price Match in ROI in January, with hundreds of
particularly strong in our ‘on the go’ stores and in ‘food to go’ and      products matched. We have started to roll out Clubcard Prices,
‘food for tonight’ ranges, where sales grew by +34.9% and +21.6%           following successful Clubcard Prices Events. We also focused on
respectively. Sales in our stores in neighbourhood locations               making shopping easier for customers, including rolling out ‘Scan
declined following very high levels of demand last year as                 As You Shop’ to all large stores.
customers shopped closer to home.
                                                                           We announced an intention to acquire 10 Joyce’s Supermarkets
Non-food sales growth was particularly strong this year, driven            in Galway in November. The acquisition is subject to the approval
mainly by Clothing +19.4% as customers spent more time                     of the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission.
shopping our ranges in-store and we responded to changing
customer demand in our ranges. Growth was particularly strong              BOOKER – strong sales growth on both a one-year and
in Womenswear and Kids, and benefited from a rebalancing of                two-year basis
space between Clothing and General Merchandise, now completed                                                                             LFL sales change
in 116 of our large stores, making Clothing more of a destination                                                       Sales           One-year        Two-year
shop and making our food-adjacent General Merchandise ranges               Retail                                  £4,651m                0.7%               19.3%
simpler and easier to shop. Food sales were marginally behind                Retail exc. Tobacco                   £2,630m               (0.7)%              16.8%
last year, down (0.4)%, driven mainly by lower demand in those               Tobacco                                £2,021m               2.5%               22.6%
categories which benefited from elevated levels of in-home
                                                                           Catering                                £2,866m               56.1%               (1.6)%
consumption last year, including meat, fish & poultry, and grocery.
                                                                             Catering exc. BFL                      £1,687m              52.0%                (1.6)%
Demand for plant-based products continues to grow at pace,
                                                                             Best Food Logistics (BFL)               £1,179m             62.5%                   n/a
with sales of plant-based meat alternatives growing by 130%
                                                                           Total Booker*                           £7,755m               15.3%                11.9%
since our 2018 base line. We expanded our plant-based ranges
further in the year, launching an additional 173 products, including       * Total Booker also include small business sales of £238m.
our Wicked Kitchen meal deal in January on a two-year basis.
Total ‘UK like-for-like’ sales grew across all categories, with a          Booker delivered double-digit like-for-like sales growth on both
particularly strong contribution from food.                                a one-year and two-year basis. One-year growth of +15.3% was
                                                                           driven by a sharp recovery in catering sales as hospitality outlets
We rolled out soft plastic recycling facilities across all of our large    reopened, with a strong contribution from Best Food Logistics,
UK stores and launched an innovative Reuse proposition in 10               the majority of whose customers are fast-service restaurants.
stores as we continue to tackle plastic waste. We removed an               Two-year catering sales declined by (1.6)% in total, impacted by
additional 600 million pieces of plastic from our packaging this           the phased reopening of the hospitality sector in the first half.
year, taking the cumulative total pieces of plastic removed over           In the second half catering sales were ahead of pre-pandemic
the past two years to 1.6 billion. We removed a further 7.7 billion        levels, with growth of +9.6% supported by strong execution
calories from our own brand ranges as part of our work towards             and competitive pricing.
achieving 65% of our sales from healthy products by 2025.
Our ‘Buy One to Help a Child’ campaign – where we gave a
donation for every piece of fruit and vegetables purchased
across our stores and online – provided FareShare with 3 million
meals-worth of food to help charities and community groups.




                                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                         25
     Financial review continued


     In the retail business, one-year like-for-like sales grew +0.7%,                          ATM transactions increased by 13.6% year-on-year as cash usage
     primarily due to inflation in tobacco driven by annual duty                               recovered post-lockdown. Travel money continued to be impacted
     increases. Retail sales excluding tobacco were marginally lower                           by the pandemic and international travel restrictions, although we
     than last year as we lapped a strong uplift in neighbourhood-based                        saw an encouraging increase in demand at the end of the year as
     convenience stores as customers shopped closer to home. Despite                           restrictions eased.
     supply chain challenges, we delivered a resilient performance and
     gained new customers. Two-year retail like-for-like sales grew                            Tesco Bank adjusted operating profit was £176m, including a £13m
     +19.3% driven by strong customer retention.                                               contribution from Tesco Underwriting being fully consolidated.
                                                                                               The significant recovery reflects the charge last year related to
     CENTRAL EUROPE – growth across all channels and                                           an increase in the provision for potential bad debts which
     categories on a one-year and two-year like-for-like basis                                 accounted for the anticipated macroeconomic impact from
     Like-for-like sales grew by +2.9% on a one-year basis and by                              COVID-19. We released part of this provision in the second half
     +2.5% on a two-year basis, with growth across all channels and                            as the macroeconomic outlook improved and customer defaults
     categories. Growth was particularly strong in Slovakia and Hungary,                       remained low. We then recognised a separate provision in the
     and in our compact hypermarket and supermarket formats as                                 second half to reflect the increased risk associated with cost
     customer footfall improved and we were able to offer our full range                       of living pressures.
     following non-food selling restrictions last year. Trading conditions
     were more challenging in the Czech Republic, due to non-food                              The Bank’s balance sheet remains strong and we continue to have
     sales restrictions in the first quarter.                                                  sufficient capital and liquidity to absorb changes in both regulatory
                                                                                               and funding requirements. In recognition of the sharp recovery in
     Non-food sales grew by +13.3%, with strong growth in both Clothing                        profitability in the year, the Bank paid a dividend of £87m to the
     and General Merchandise. We saw a particularly positive customer                          Group. This comprises the typical annual £50m dividend for the
     response to our seasonal events. Food sales grew by +1.0%.                                2021/22 financial year and a catch-up of £37m in relation to the
                                                                                               reduced payment of £13m in the prior year.
     Customer net promoter score improved significantly across all
     markets year-on-year, driven by improvements in the shopping                              Tesco Bank won ‘Best Overall Provider’ at the 2021 YourMoney
     trip, with scores almost doubling by the end of the year for the                          Awards, in recognition of the quality of our customer service
     region as a whole. We continued to strengthen our value                                   and competitive pricing of our products. We introduced a
     proposition in the region, including the launch of Clubcard Prices                        number of new products and services for customers this year
     Events in Slovakia and Hungary. Clubcard penetration increased                            including Clubcard Pay+ in January. We also expanded our offer
     during these events as customers accessed market-leading prices.                          with the relaunch of travel insurance. Since August, all new and
     Following the success of these initial events, we will expand                             renewing Tesco Bank car and home insurance policies are being
     Clubcard Prices to all markets and categories in the current year.                        underwritten by Tesco Underwriting following the completion
                                                                                               of its acquisition in May.
     Central Europe adjusted operating profit was £168m, an increase
     of +41.1% at constant rates. Adjusted operating profit growth was                         Adjusting items in statutory operating profit
     driven by strong sales, lower COVID-19 related costs and higher                                                                             This year     Last year
     margins from more full-priced non-food sales.                                             Litigation costs                                  £(193)m        £(93)m
                                                                                               Property transactions                              £128m          £26m
     We have agreed the sale of 17 malls and one retail park in Central                        Net impairment reversal of non-current            £(115)m        £128m
     Europe. The transaction is expected to complete in the first half                         assets
     of the current year, generating proceeds of c.£200m and resulting                         Amortisation of acquired intangible assets         £(76)m        £(76)m
     in a c.£(12)m impact to adjusted operating profit in the current                          Restructuring provisions                           £(44)m             –
     year, driven by a reduction in mall income. We will continue to                           Asia licence fee income                             £26m              –
     operate the Tesco hypermarkets in the malls on a long-term                                Disposal of China associate                          £15m             –
     leasehold basis.                                                                          Fair value less cost of disposal movements          £(6)m             –
                                                                                               on assets held for sale
     TESCO BANK – year-on-year profit increase reflecting prior                                Impairment charge on Tesco Bank goodwill                –       £(295)m
     year COVID-19 impact on potential bad debts                                               UK – ATM business rates                                 –         £105m
                                                  This year        Last year             YoY   Booker integration costs                                –        £(25)m
     Revenue                                       £922m            £735m              25.4%   GMP equalisation                                        –          £(7)m
     Adjusted operating profit/                    £176m           £(175)m               n/m   Employee share scheme                                   –          £(4)m
     (loss)                                                                                    Total adjusting items in statutory                £(265)m       £(241)m
     Lending to customers                         £6.5bn            £6.4bn              1.6%   operating profit
     Customer deposits                           £(5.3)bn          £(5.7)bn             7.0%
     Net interest margin(a)                         5.0%              4.7%          0.3%pts    Adjusting items are excluded from our adjusted operating profit
     Total capital ratio(b)                        27.2%             28.5%         (2.4)%pts   performance by virtue of their size and nature to provide a helpful
     (a) The prior period net interest margin has been restated from 5.2% to 4.7%.
                                                                                               alternative perspective of the year-on-year performance of the
     (b) The prior period total capital ratio has been restated from 28.4% to 28.5%.           Group’s ongoing trading business. Total adjusting items in statutory
                                                                                               operating profit in the year resulted in a charge of £(265)m,
     Revenue grew by +25.4%, due to the benefit of the full acquisition                        compared to a charge of £(241)m in the prior year.
     of Tesco Underwriting which completed in May 2021. Revenue
     excluding Tesco Underwriting declined by (9.4)%, primarily as a                           In September 2020, two claimant law firms issued proceedings
     result of lower income from unsecured lending due to lower average                        against us in relation to the overstatement of expected profit
     balances as customers paid down their debt during the pandemic,                           announced in 2014. These claims have now been settled and we
     or increased savings buffers which reduced the need for new                               have recognised an adjusting charge of £(193)m. The settlement
     credit. We did however see a strong recovery in credit card customers’                    of these claims was paid in full in the year, £(105)m in the first half
     spending levels and in new business unsecured lending volumes.                            and £(88)m in the second half. This cash outflow is presented
                                                                                               within adjusting cash items. Given that the legal timeframe for
                                                                                               bringing a claim has now elapsed, no further related claims can
                                                                                               be brought by shareholders.


26   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                     Strategic report




We recognised an adjusting credit of £128m related to the profit         A non-cash fair value remeasurement credit of £123m primarily
generated on disposal of properties in the year. The majority of the     related to the mark-to-market movement on inflation-linked
property profits recognised related to the sale of our Fenny Lock        swaps, driven by the impact of an increase in expected future
distribution centre which generated proceeds of £146m and a              inflation rates. These swaps eliminate the impact of future
£103m profit on disposal.                                                inflation on the Group’s cash flow in relation to historical sale
                                                                         and leaseback property transactions.
During the year, the Group recognised a net impairment charge of
£(115)m on non-current assets. This includes £(62)m required as a        Net pension finance costs of £(22)m decreased by £21m, primarily
result of the Group’s acquisition of our partner’s stake in The Tesco    driven by a reduction in the pension deficit following the £2.5bn
Sarum Limited Partnership joint venture which brought into full          one-off contribution made in the prior year from the proceeds
ownership 11 stores. The remaining charge largely reflects normal        from the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia. We expect
fluctuations in store level performance, property fair values and        net pension finance income of £79m in the current year as a result
changes in discount rates, as well as any specific store closures.       of the closing IAS 19 pension surplus.

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets is excluded from our          In February, we exercised the option to buy back our partner’s
headline performance measures. We incurred a charge of £(76)m            equity in the Tesco Dorney Limited Partnership property joint
in the period, which primarily relates to our merger with Booker         venture. We expect the transaction to complete towards the
in March 2018, which resulted in the recognition of £755m of             end of our 2022/23 financial year, bringing seven large stores back
intangible assets.                                                       into full ownership. This will result in annual cash rental savings
                                                                         of c.£30m and a c.£(0.3)bn increase in net debt, comprising
Restructuring provisions of £(44)m were recognised in the second         a c.£(0.7)bn impact on borrowings, partially offset by a c.£0.4bn
half, relating to operational restructuring changes announced in         reduction in lease liabilities. Following this transaction, we will have
February 2022 as part of our ‘Save to Invest’ programme.                 five UK property JV structures still in place, from a peak of
                                                                         13 structures in 2015. These five remaining structures contain
We received software licence fee income of £26m from services            property worth £3.2bn and debt of £2.1bn, with £1.9bn of
provided to CP Group following the sale of our businesses in Asia.       associated lease liabilities on our balance sheet. The three largest
                                                                         of our remaining property JVs are with the Tesco Pension fund.
Further detail on adjusting items can be found in Note 4, starting
on page 136.                                                             Further detail on finance income and costs can be found in Note 5
                                                                         on page 137, as well as further detail on the adjusting items in Note
Joint ventures and associates                                            4 on page 136.
Our share of post-tax profits from joint ventures and associates
was £15m, compared to £26m in the prior year. The year-on-year           Group tax
reduction was primarily due to profits from Tesco Underwriting                                                             This year     Last year
Limited now being recognised in Tesco Bank adjusted operating            Tax on adjusted profit                           £(502)m       £(249)m
profit following its full acquisition in May 2021 and a reduction in     Tax on adjusting items                              £(8)m        £145m
profits generated by our Trent Hypermarket Limited joint venture in      Tax on profit                                    £(510)m       £(104)m
India due to the adverse trading impacts of COVID-19 in the year.
                                                                         Tax on adjusted Group profit was £(502)m, £(253)m higher than
Net finance costs
                                                                         last year, reflecting higher levels of both retail and Tesco Bank
                                                This year    Last year   operating profit, in addition to a one-off charge related to the
Net interest on medium term notes, loans       £(208)m       £(218)m     revaluation of deferred tax, following the announced increase in
and bonds                                                                the corporation tax rate in the UK from 19% to 25%, effective
Other interest receivable and similar income        £9m         £15m     1 April 2023.
Other finance charges and interest payable       £(39)m        £(31)m
Finance charges payable on lease liabilities   £(405)m       £(446)m     The effective tax rate on adjusted Group profit was 22.8%, higher
Net finance costs before net pension           £(643)m       £(680)m     than the current UK statutory rate of 19%, primarily due to the
finance costs and fair value                                             revaluation of deferred tax. The banking surcharge levied on
remeasurements of financial instruments
                                                                         Tesco Bank profit and depreciation of assets which do not
Fair value remeasurements of financial           £123m        £(214)m
                                                                         qualify for tax relief also increased the tax rate.
instruments
Net pension finance costs                        £(22)m       £(43)m
                                                                         We expect an adjusted effective tax rate of between 21% and 22%
Net finance costs                              £(542)m       £(937)m
                                                                         in the current financial year. We forecast our adjusted effective tax
                                                                         rate to increase to around 26% from our 2023/24 financial year
Net interest on medium term notes, loans and bonds was £(208)m,          driven by the increase in the UK corporation tax rate in April 2023.
down £10m year-on-year. The reduction in finance costs from              Further detail on Group tax can be found in Note 6 on page 138.
bond maturities, tenders and new debt issuances at lower rates of
interest was largely offset by interest payable on the £(453)m of net    Total Group cash tax paid in the year was £(199)m on a continuing
debt we acquired with The Tesco Property (No. 2) Partnership in          operations basis, which included £(152)m of tax paid in the UK.
September 2020 and with the £(585)m of debt acquired with The            Tax paid in the year was £(29)m higher than in the prior year,
Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership in December 2021. The acquisition        primarily due to higher levels of retail and Tesco Bank operating
of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership brings into full ownership        profit. This was partly offset by prior-year tax losses and a
11 stores and resulted in a reduction in the lease liability of £355m.   benefit from the super-deduction allowance on certain capital
                                                                         investments, introduced in the Chancellor’s budget in March
The derecognition of lease liabilities related to these property         2021, along with £120m in relation to the £2.5bn one-off pension
buybacks and the reducing nature of our total lease liability over       contribution made in the prior year, the relief for which is
time is the primary driver of the £41m reduction in finance charges      required to be spread over four years for tax purposes.
payable on lease liabilities year-on-year.




                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022           27
     Financial review continued


     Earnings per share                                                                              Summary of total indebtedness (excludes Tesco Bank)
                                                                       This year         Last year                                        Feb-22        Feb-21    Movement
     Adjusted diluted EPS                                                21.86p             11.58p   Net debt before lease            £(2,570)m     £(3,449)m        £879m
     Statutory diluted earnings per share                                19.64p             5.58p    liabilities
     Statutory basic earnings per share                                  19.86p             5.60p    Lease liabilities                £(7,946)m     £(8,506)m        £560m
                                                                                                     Net debt                        £(10,516)m    £(11,955)m      £1,439m
     The share base used in Adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is adjusted to capture
                                                                                                     Pension deficit, IAS 19 basis      £(242)m     £(1,004)m        £762m
     the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses
     in Thailand and Malaysia, as if it took place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year.       (post-tax)
     As such, Adjusted diluted EPS (adjusted for share consolidation) is presented on a              Total indebtedness              £(10,758)m    £(12,959)m      £2,201m
     basis other than in accordance with IAS 33. Please see page 142 for a reconciliation
     to Adjusted diluted EPS.
                                                                                                     Net debt/EBITDA                       2.5x          3.3x
     Adjusted diluted EPS was 21.86p (2021: 11.58p), +88.8% higher                                   Total indebtedness ratio              2.5x          3.6x
     year-on-year as the recovery in retail and Tesco Bank profits,
     the drivers of which are described more fully in the segmental                                  Total indebtedness was £(10,758)m, down £2,201m year-on-year
     review of performance section above, more than offset the                                       primarily driven by strong free cash flow generation leading to a
     higher tax charge.                                                                              reduction in net debt, net of dividends paid and a £762m reduction
                                                                                                     in the IAS 19 pension deficit.
     Statutory diluted earnings per share was 19.64p (2021: 5.58p)
     +252.0% higher year-on-year. In addition to the recovery in                                     Lease liabilities were £(7,946)m, down £560m year-on-year largely
     adjusted operating profit, we saw a significant reduction in the                                due to the derecognition of £355m relating to the 11 stores we took
     net finance charge due to an offsetting credit from fair value                                  back into full ownership following the purchase of our partner’s
     remeasurement of financial instruments, the drivers of which are                                stake in The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership. We also
     described in the net finance costs section. These benefits more                                 derecognised £120m of lease liabilities relating to our Polish
     than offset a higher charge related to adjusting items and a higher                             business following the sale of the business to Salling Group A/S
     tax charge in year, driven by higher adjusted operating profit.                                 in March 2021.

     Discontinued operations                                                                         The acquisition of our partner’s stake in The Tesco Sarum Limited
     We completed the sale of our business in Poland to Salling Group                                Partnership increased net debt by c.£(300)m, including £(585)m of
     A/S in March 2021, generating proceeds of £122m and a loss on                                   borrowings acquired and £(64)m of derivatives, net of a reduction
     disposal of £(23)m.                                                                             in the related lease liabilities.

     Following the sale of Homeplus for £4.2bn in 2015, we received                                  Pension liabilities significantly decreased during the year, primarily
     legal claims from the purchasers. Although the majority of the                                  due to an increase in discount rates driven by higher corporate
     claims were dismissed, some findings of liability were made.                                    bond yields, partially offset by underlying market movements in
     On 17 September 2021, a Final Award to the purchasers of £119m                                  inflation rates and gilts. The pension assets increased year-on-year
     in damages, interest and costs was granted. An adjusting charge                                 due to strong investment returns. As a result, we carried a net
     increasing the provision held by £33m was recognised in the year.                               IAS 19 pension surplus (post-tax) at the end of the year of £2,121m,
     The total cash payment of £119m was made in the second half.                                    compared to a net deficit of £(1,004)m last year. The Group IAS 19
                                                                                                     pension surplus is disregarded in total indebtedness and only
     Further information on discontinued operations is included in                                   pension schemes which are in a net deficit position are considered.
     Note 7, starting on page 140.
                                                                                                     We had strong levels of liquidity at the end of the year of
     Dividend                                                                                        £3.0bn and our £2.5bn committed facility remained undrawn.
     Last year we held the full-year dividend in line with the 2019/20                               Our committed facility currently matures in September 2024
     financial year to recognise the strong cash generation of the                                   and we have the option to extend this by a further year. The rate
     business, despite the significant operating profit impact from                                  of interest payable on this facility is linked to three of our
     the COVID-19 pandemic. This represented an exception to our                                     sustainability commitments. As we delivered these sustainability
     dividend policy and resulted in a dividend per share which                                      targets, we achieved the corresponding margin reduction in the
     exceeded 50% of adjusted diluted EPS.                                                           year. In October, we issued our second sustainability-linked bond,
                                                                                                     raising £400m at a low rate of interest. This was issued to refinance
     We propose to pay a final dividend of 7.70 pence per ordinary                                   a bond which was approaching maturity and the refinancing will
     share, taking the full-year dividend to 10.90 pence per ordinary                                result in an annual interest saving of £18m.
     share, including the payment of an interim dividend of 3.20 pence
     per ordinary share in November 2021. This year’s final dividend is                              Our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.5 times, down from 3.3 times at
     +19.1% higher than last year, reflecting the increase in retail and                             the prior year end and within our targeted range of 2.8 to 2.3 times.
     Tesco Bank adjusted operating profit and the impact from last                                   The year-on-year improvement represents both an increase in our
     year’s policy exception. It is our intention to pay a progressive dividend                      retail EBITDA due to higher sales and lower COVID-19 costs, and a
     going forward – i.e. we aim to grow the dividend per share each                                 reduction in net debt before lease liabilities driven by strong free
     year, broadly targeting a pay-out of around 50% of earnings.                                    cash flow generation. The total indebtedness ratio was 2.5 times
                                                                                                     compared to 3.6 times last year.
     The proposed final dividend was approved by the Board of
     Directors on 12 April 2022 and is subject to the approval of                                    Fixed charge cover was 3.5 times this year, compared to 2.9 times
     shareholders at this year’s Annual General Meeting. The final                                   last year, reflecting a reduction in net finance costs, lease interest
     dividend will be paid on 24 June 2022 to shareholders who are on                                payments, lease principal payments and higher retail EBITDA.
     the register of members at close of business on 20 May 2022 (the
     record date). Shareholders may elect to reinvest their dividend in
     the dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP). The last date for receipt of
     DRIP elections and revocations will be 7 June 2022.




28   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                   Strategic report




Summary retail cash flow                                                 Interest paid related to net debt (exc. lease liabilities) of £(239)m
Our retail free cash flow APM definition was updated at the interim      was £(13)m higher year-on-year. The benefit of bond buybacks and
results this year to provide a better view of operational cash           refinancing at lower rates of interest was more than offset by the
performance and excludes cashflows related to acquisitions               impact of borrowings acquired as part of The Tesco Property
and disposals, property transactions and adjusting cash items.           (No. 2) Limited Partnership from September 2020 and The Tesco
We continue to fully disclose these lines but they do not form           Sarum Limited Partnership from December 2021. Interest paid
part of the retail free cash flow headline APM.                          related to lease liabilities decreased by £42m year-on-year
                                                                         primarily due to a reduction in the total lease liability following
The following table reconciles Group adjusted operating profit to        the derecognition of the liabilities related to these properties.
retail free cash flow. Further details are included on page 211.
                                                                         Cash tax paid in the year was £(195)m, compared to £(161)m last
                                                This year    Last year   year. The increase reflects higher retail adjusted operating profits
Adjusted operating profit                     £2,825m       £1,788m      year-on-year, which was partially offset by prior-year tax losses
Less: Tesco Bank adjusted operating            £(176)m        £175m      and a benefit from the super-deduction allowance on certain
(profit)/loss                                                            capital investments, which was introduced in the Chancellor’s
Retail adjusted operating profit              £2,649m       £1,963m      budget in March 2021. We also continue to receive tax relief in
Add back: Depreciation and amortisation        £1,577m       £1,611m     relation to the £2.5bn one-off pension contribution made in the
Other reconciling items                           £61m          £4m      prior year. This amounted to £120m for the full year.
Pension deficit contribution                     £(19)m      £(351)m
Decrease in working capital                     £501m         £450m      We saw a net cash outflow of £(144)m related to the purchase of
Retail cash generated from operations         £4,769m       £3,677m      our own shares, which includes £(191)m of shares purchased in the
before adjusting items                                                   market to offset the dilution from the issuance of new shares to
Cash capex                                    £(1,050)m      £(902)m     satisfy the requirements of share schemes and a £47m cash inflow
Net interest                                    £(641)m      £(670)m     related to proceeds from colleague share saving schemes. The net
– Interest related to Net debt (exc. lease      £(239)m      £(226)m     impact was £(78)m higher than the prior year, driven by the phasing
   liabilities)                                                          of purchases to satisfy current year maturities. This will lead to a
– Interest related to lease liabilities        £(402)m       £(444)m     significant reduction in the net spend in the current year.
Tax paid                                        £(195)m       £(161)m
Dividends received                               £109m          £23m     Cash flows related to acquisitions and disposals, property
Repayments of obligations under leases          £(571)m      £(561)m     transactions and adjusting cash items are now excluded from
Own shares purchased for share schemes          £(144)m       £(66)m     our simplified definition of retail free cash flow.
Retail free cash flow                          £2,277m      £1,340m
Memo:                                                                    The inflow from disposals in the year of £122m includes the
Acquisitions & disposals                         £122m          £(2)m    proceeds from the sale of our business in Poland to Salling
Property proceeds & purchases                    £228m        £(110)m    Group A/S, which completed in March 2021.
Cash impact of adjusting items                  £(316)m        £(41)m
                                                                         We generated a net £228m from property transactions, which
Retail free cash flow increased by +£937m year-on-year to                includes £308m generated from the sale of properties, net of an
£2,277m, driven by higher retail adjusted operating profit, a            outflow of £(80)m related to property buybacks. We disposed of
reduction in the pension contribution, a benefit from lower              our Fenny Lock distribution centre in the second half for proceeds
working capital and an increase in the dividend received from            of £146m and generated £109m from the sale of properties in
Tesco Bank following its return to profitability this year.              Poland which were not included in the corporate transaction
                                                                         with Salling Group A/S. We bought back one Extra store in Bury
Following a £2.5bn one-off contribution towards the pension              for £(37)m and paid cash consideration of £(43)m to buy back a
deficit in the prior year, using the proceeds from the sale of our       full stake in The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership.
businesses in Thailand and Malaysia, UK pension contributions
were eliminated. We expect an annual benefit of c.£260m in retail        The cash impact of adjusting items was £(316)m, of which £(312)m
free cash flow as a result of lower pension deficit contributions.       related to the settlement of shareholder litigation claims and a
The pension cash outflow of £(19)m in the year mainly relates to         legal claim from the purchasers of our Homeplus business
Booker pension scheme.                                                   during the period.

Our total working capital inflow was £501m, driven by the sharp
recovery in fuel volumes and Booker’s catering business in the first
half as travel and hospitality sector restrictions were significantly
fewer than at the end of the prior year. In the second half, working
capital was broadly neutral, as the seasonal unwind we would
normally see following peak trading over the summer was offset
by strong UK sales and higher fuel payables due to both higher
volumes and cost price inflation.

Cash capex increased by £(148)m year-on-year as we opened
more stores in the UK than in the prior year as a result of
COVID-19 and continued to expand our online proposition
across the UK & ROI businesses.




                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        29
     Financial review continued


     Capital expenditure and space
                                                                UK & ROI                           Central Europe                          Tesco Bank                             Group
                                                          This year        Last year            This year          Last year          This year         Last year         This year       Last year
     Capital expenditure                                  £963m              £875m                 £91m              £85m                 £47m            £55m           £1,101m          £1,015m
     Openings (k sq. ft.)                                     180               135                   54                 30                  –               –               234               165
     Closures (k sq. ft.)                                    (146)              (113)                (25)               (22)                 –               –                (171)           (135)
     Repurposed (k sq. ft.)                                     –                  1                (125)              (63)                  –               –               (125)             (62)
     Net space change (k sq. ft.)                              34                23                  (96)              (55)                  –               –                (62)             (32)

     Retail selling space is defined as net space in store adjusted to exclude checkouts, space behind checkouts, customer service desks and customer toilets. Supplementary information
     (page 205) provides a full breakdown of space by segment.


     Capital expenditure (capex) shown in the table above reflects expenditure on ongoing business activities across the Group, excluding
     property buybacks.

     Our capital expenditure for the year was £1,101m, +£86m higher year-on-year, which primarily relates to the ongoing investment in our
     online proposition, and the opening of new Tesco Express and One Stop stores in the UK. We opened a further three UFCs in the UK and
     rolled out more delivery vans and an additional 37 Click & Collect sites in ROI. We also purchased an additional 20 electric delivery vans
     and two electric HGVs in the UK as we continue to work to reduce emissions from our own operations.

     We opened two superstores in the UK, with sites in Mablethorpe and Wolverhampton, and a further 21 Tesco Express sites, which was
     slightly fewer than expected. We expect to open 65 Tesco Express stores in the current year.

     We expect 2022/23 full year capital expenditure to be at the top end of our £0.9bn to £1.2bn guidance range.

     Statutory capital expenditure of £1.8bn includes £0.6bn relating to the buyback of one UK Extra store in Bury and The Tesco Sarum
     Limited Partnership property joint venture referred to above.

     Further details of current and forecast space can be found in Supplementary information starting on page 205.

     Property
                                                                                                       This year                                                    Last year
                                                                                        UK & ROI            C.Europe              Group             UK & ROI           C.Europe             Group
     Property(a) – fully owned
     – Estimated market value                                                           £16.6bn              £1.5bn            £18.1bn              £15.9bn             £2.0bn            £17.9bn
     – NBV(b)                                                                           £15.1bn              £1.4bn            £16.5bn              £14.8bn              £1.7bn           £16.5bn
     % net selling space owned                                                             56%                 68%                58%                  54%                 77%               59%
     % property owned by value(c)                                                          58%                 64%                58%                  57%                 73%               58%

     (a) Stores, malls, investment property, offices, distribution centres, fixtures and fittings and work-in-progress. Excludes joint ventures.
     (b) Property, plant and equipment excluding vehicles.
     (c) Excludes fixtures and fittings.


     The estimated market value of our fully owned property as at the year end increased by £0.2bn to £18.1bn. The market value of £18.1bn
     represents a surplus of £1.6bn over the net book value.

     Our Group freehold property ownership percentage, by value was in line with the prior year at 58%. In December, we completed the
     purchase of our partner’s 50% stake in The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership, bringing back into full ownership seven sites. This acquisition
     contributed to a 1% increase in the percentage of fully owned properties in the UK & ROI and will deliver an annual cash rental saving of
     c.£30m. We also repurchased one Extra store in the UK.

     In Central Europe, the reduction in the market value of fully owned property year-on-year reflects the reclassification of a number of mall
     properties which are held for sale. In the year, we released £109m of proceeds through the disposal of properties in Poland which were not
     included as part of the corporate sale.




30   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                  Strategic report



Principal risks and uncertainties




Managing our risks.
Effective risk management is core to our management practices                Risk management framework (RMF)
that help deliver our strategy and our commitments to our                    The diagram below defines our RMF, showing our approach to
customers, colleagues, community, and the planet. We are focused             understanding and defining Tesco’s risk universe. Our framework
on conducting our business responsibly, safely, and legally, while           is supported by our refreshed risk methodology which enables us
making risk-informed decisions when responding to opportunities              to clearly identify, prioritise and monitor our risks through a set
or threats that present themselves. With the leadership of the               of enhanced risk identification, categorisation and prioritisation
Board and the Executive Committee and guided by our risk appetite            mechanisms; our framework for decision making linked to our risk
on a risk-by-risk basis, we understand, prioritise, and manage our           appetite; and improved risk reporting. Culture and leadership are
risks. Our risk management framework, which we have further                  at the heart of our methodology, including a clear tone from the
enhanced this year, enables us to undertake this exercise with               top on the importance of risk management.
structure and rigour.



                                                          Tesco strategy and objectives
    Business and
                                                                                                                                          Regulatory
      external
                                                                 Organisational                                                           landscape
    environment                            Initiatives                                       Operations
                                                                    design




                                                            Risk universe
                                                                Enterprise risks



                                                                 Identification



                                                                                                        tion
                                                                         1                          isa
                                               A
                                             ass udit
                                                ura &                                            rit
                                                   nc                                          io
                                                                                             Pr


                                                                                                                     onal risks
                                                      e




                                                                                                               Functi
                                                            6                         2


                            Market risks
                                                                    Culture &
                                                                   leadership

                                                            5                         3
                                                  & g                                        C
                                               ta                                          re ont
                                             Da torin                    4                   s p ro l s
                                               ni                                               on
                                                                                                   se s &
                                            mo

                                                                 G ove r
                                                                         na n c e &
                                                                    rep or ting



                                                                Emerging risks




                                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        31
     Principal risks and uncertainties continued


     Risk identification and prioritisation                                   Audit and assurance
     A complete view of our risk universe starts with the analysis of our     Assurance over risks requiring standards is robust and integrated
     business, the external environment within which we operate, the          across all three lines of defence. To mitigate the key finance,
     regulatory landscape and our internal operations. This includes          compliance, and operational risks, second-line functions
     the impacts on and of our strategy, initiatives, governance,             systematically test the processes and controls established by
     and processes. We identify and assess risks at the Group                 management. Second-line functions such as, finance controls,
     (or enterprise), functional, and market or business unit level,          ethics and compliance, safety, responsible sourcing, technology
     along with horizon scanning for emerging risks. To enable                compliance, and people compliance undertake standardised
     better prioritisation and decision making, the identified risks          and programmed testing.
     are categorised into one or more of the following risk types:
     strategic, change, operational, finance or compliance.                   Group Audit undertakes functional reviews on a rotational basis
                                                                              over the effectiveness of the first two lines of defence. It also
     Management assesses the risks on a continuous basis, taking into         carries out targeted controls testing for the ‘risk requiring
     account the risk to Tesco, our colleagues and our operations, as         standards’: key finance, compliance and operational risks.
     well as our impact on society and the environment. There is regular      For ‘risks requiring judgements’, Group Audit undertakes
     formal oversight through clearly defined governance structures.          risk-based internal audits to ensure sufficient risk coverage.

     Risk controls and responses                                              Principal risks and uncertainties
     For risks where our risk appetite is low, we take a robust and           The most significant risks - those that could affect our strategic
     standardised approach to risk management with little room for            ambitions, future performance, viability, and/or reputation – form
     discretion or deviation. Defined as ‘risks requiring standards’,         our principal risks.
     these risks, should they materialise, could have an impact on our
     licence to operate. These risks (typically finance, compliance and       The table sets out our principal risks. This includes a summary of
     operational), require policies and control standards. They are           key information including, the type of risk, links to our strategic
     formally monitored by one or more of our various governance              drivers, risk movement, key responses and controls, and the
     bodies, such as our Nominations and Governance Committee,                oversight committees at the Executive Committee and Board
     Group risk and compliance committee, Group cyber committee,              levels. Please note, this list does not include all our risks.
     privacy executive committee and investment committee.                    Additional risks, not presently known, or those we currently
                                                                              consider to be less material, may also have adverse effects.
     For other risks, the risk appetite and risk responses are                We also highlight principal risks that are included in our
     determined on a case-by-case basis. These risks, termed                  long-term viability scenarios, (see page 38).
     ‘risks requiring judgements’, are typically strategic, pervasive or
     dynamic in nature (strategic or change risks in our methodology),        At present, there is an increased level of macroeconomic
     and therefore undergo a considered risk response process.                uncertainty, such as cost and wage inflation, this is beginning to
     We determine appropriate risk responses by measuring against             show initial signs of impact on our customers’ finances and an
     the target risk score that articulates the risk appetite for that risk   increase in our own operational costs, particularly in relation
     after taking any existing risk mitigations into account. Management      to our supply chain. This uncertainty is exacerbated by the war
     at the functional, market, and business unit levels own the risks        in Ukraine. These inflationary and economic risk factors are key
     with oversight by the Executive Committee and the Board.                 components of our financial performance and the customer
                                                                              principal risks. We are actively monitoring the situations and
     Governance and monitoring                                                continue to put contingency measures in place to manage these
     A strong risk culture is at the heart of our RMF with clear              risks. As such, we believe we understand the short-term risks and
     risk ownership and proactive leadership. The responsibility              impacts and we have controls in place. However, the long-term
     for identifying, assessing, and managing risks resides with              impacts remain uncertain, and we will continue to monitor the
     management at a functional, market, business unit and executive          situation closely.
     level. The Board has overall responsibility for risk management
     and is actively engaged in risk discussions. The Audit Committee,        The war in Ukraine has created uncertainty for our colleagues,
     on behalf of the Board, undertakes an annual effectiveness               customers, and the economies in which we operate. Our colleagues
     assessment of the risks and the RMF. In addition, the Audit              and customers in Central Europe, as well as those suppliers who
     Committee undertakes detailed reviews of the risks, twice a              either operate in Ukraine, or rely on imports from Russia and/or
     year, to support the external reporting process, see page 68.            Ukraine, may be directly impacted by the war. We continue to have
                                                                              strong governance and monitoring over the evolving issues and are
                                                                              actively providing support. At the time of our risk assessment,
                                                                              we determine the war in Ukraine not to be a principal risk.
                                                                              However, due to the unpredictable nature of this risk, we are
                                                                              actively monitoring it at an enterprise level.




32   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                          Strategic report




    Strategic drivers                                                       Risk type                       Risk movement                     † Indicates that the
                                                                                                                                                principal risk has been
              Magnetic Value                  Easily the Most               S Ch
                                                                              Strategic                                 Risk increasing         included as part of
              for Customers                   Convenient                                                                                        the longer-term
                                                                        S Ch O
                                                                             Change                                                             viability scenarios
              I love my Tesco                                                                                           No risk movement
                                              Save to Invest                                                                                    detailed on pages
                                                                       Ch O      Operational
              Clubcard                                                                                                                          38 and 39
                                                                                                                        Risk decreasing
                                                                        O   F    Cinance
                                                                                 F
                                                                        F   C    Compliance                   N         New risk


    Principal risk                              Risk movement                              Key responses and controls
    Cyber security†                             This risk was previously part of the       – We have developed a dedicated cyber-security programme,
                                                data security principal risk and has         with clearly defined governance, appropriate oversight,
     S Ch
       Strategic                                been escalated to be a standalone            and structured training processes.
Ch O Operational                                principal risk. With the growing           – We operate a layered security defence model consisting of
                                                sophistication and scale of targeted         preventative, detective, and responsive technical controls
    A cyber security incident can result in     cyber incidents, the risk of cyber-          and foundational capabilities.
    unauthorised access to, or misuse of,       attack has increased for us, our           – There is regular reporting on the progress and results of the
    our information systems, technology,        suppliers and therefore our supply           cyber-security programmes to governance and oversight
    or data. This could lead to leakage of      chain. The risk poses a threat to the        committees at both management and Board level.
    sensitive information, loss of our          security of our data, systems, as          – We have heightened our vigilance and monitoring related to
    critical assets, impact on trade,           well as our operational resilience.          potential cyber threats as a consequence of the war in Ukraine.
    and reputational damage.                    We are actively monitoring the               This includes gathering intelligence from the National Cyber Security
    Oversight: Cyber risk committee,            increase in threat due to the war            Centre, our security partners and financial services organisations
    Group risk and compliance                   in Ukraine.                                  via Tesco Bank.
    committee, Executive Committee,                                                        – We have an experienced team in our security operations centre
    Audit Committee, Board.                      N                                           to detect, report, and respond to security incidents.
                                                                                           – We recognise the importance of training and communication to
                                                                                             help prevent cyber-security incidents. We hold regular induction,
                                                                                             awareness, and refresher courses for our colleagues.
                                                                                           – We have a third-party supplier assurance programme focusing
                                                                                             on third-party cyber-security risks.
    Data privacy†                               We hold customer and colleague             – We put our customers and colleagues at the heart of all decisions
                                                personal data. Although the threat           we make when using their personal data. Our data privacy policies
F    C Compliance                               landscape has been ever-changing,            and processes (including via privacy impact assessments and data
    Failure to comply with legal or             the risk remains unchanged.                  governance) establish how we protect and appropriately use
    regulatory requirements relating            We continue to monitor and manage            personal data.
    to data privacy in the course of            the risk closely through structured        – There is regular reporting on progress and performance of the data
    our business activities results in          implementation of our Group data             privacy programme to governance and oversight committees.
    reputational damage, fines, or              privacy programme, robust                    Our multi-year technology security programme is driving enhanced
    other adverse consequences.                 governance and oversight                     data security capabilities.
    These can include criminal penalties        mechanisms.                                – Our Group data privacy programme includes ongoing assessment
    and consequential litigation which                                                       and monitoring of privacy risks and controls across our businesses.
    may result in adverse impacts on                                                       – We have an established team in our security operations centre to
    our financial performance or                                                             detect, report and respond to security incidents (including personal
    unfavourable impacts on our                                                              data incidents).
    ability to do business.                                                                – We have a third-party supplier assurance programme focusing on
                                                                                             third-party data security and privacy risks.
    Oversight: Privacy executive                                                           – We recognise the importance of ongoing training and
    committee, Group risk and                                                                communication to raise awareness of good data handling practices,
    compliance committee, Executive                                                          and to help prevent personal data incidents. We carry out regular
    Committee, Audit Committee, Board.                                                       induction, awareness, and refresher training for our colleagues.




    Pandemics (COVID-19)                        The title of this risk has been            – The safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and customers has
                                                expanded to Pandemics to include             been and continues to be our overriding priority. Our Executive
Ch O Operational                                the impact of new strains of                 Committee is monitoring events closely with regular Board
    Failure to rapidly adapt and respond        COVID-19. It also covers any other           oversight, evaluating the impacts and designing appropriate
    to the impacts of future pandemics,         infectious disease outbreaks which           response strategies.
    and their implications for the global       may affect us in the future.               – Our teams continue to work to implement specific actions to
    economy, may result in disruption to                                                     minimise any disruption our customers face in these challenging
                                                We deem the overall risk to have
    our supply chain, increase colleague                                                     times. This includes increasing our retail store and distribution
                                                decreased since the previous year,
    absenteeism, and could negatively                                                        colleague headcount (with redeployment of colleagues where
                                                mainly due to government actions,
    impact our operations as well as                                                         possible). It also involves securing additional supply-chain capacity
                                                such as the rollout of the vaccine
    our financial performance.                                                               to meet changes in demand, implementing changes to stores and
                                                programmes and the improvements
    This includes addressing any                                                             distribution centres (including adjusted working hours, additional
                                                across our key operational areas and
    operational complexities due to                                                          security, hygiene protocols, protective screens, and social
                                                supply chains. These improvements
    evolving mutations and strains of                                                        distancing measures), and extending support to colleagues and
                                                are largely driven by embedding the
    the COVID-19 virus.                                                                      customers who are at increased risk.
                                                learnings previously identified as part
                                                                                           – We have developed practices within our stores, distribution
    Oversight: Executive Committee,             of our COVID-19 response.
                                                                                             centres, and offices to help people adapt to new ways of working.
    Audit Committee, Board.                                                                  We have aligned our controls accordingly with appropriate
                                                                                             assurance measures in place.
                                                                                           – We closely monitor developments and the government guidelines.
                                                                                             We will continue to work closely with the government and relevant
                                                                                             labour bodies to develop the right safeguards to ensure our
                                                                                             customers and colleagues are safe.



                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022               33
         Principal risks and uncertainties continued


         Principal risk                            Risk movement                             Key responses and controls
         Climate change†                           Climate change is a widely                – We have established a Group-wide climate committee to extend
                                                   acknowledged global emergency,              oversight and governance for monitoring the delivery of Tesco’s
          S Ch
            Strategic                              with the need to act faster becoming        Group climate commitments. The committee is chaired by the
     Ch O Operational                              evident. Managing the greenhouse gas        Chief Product Officer, and brings together the different parts
                                                   emissions associated with our supply        of the business, further enabling coordination during key
         We must manage our operations and         chain is critical to reducing our           decision-making.
         influence our value chain towards a       impact on climate change.                 – We have stated a strong commitment to be net zero by 2050.
         low-carbon future, to avoid the                                                       This pledge is in the process of being supported by road maps
                                                   The physical and financial impacts of
         physical, financial, people and                                                       and targeted decarbonisation plans. These combine supplier
                                                   climate change on Tesco are already
         reputational risks of climate change.                                                 engagement with innovative farming methods to support the
                                                   being felt and are set to intensify. In
         Delivery against our 1.5°C aligned                                                    reduction of our carbon footprint e.g. technology investments
                                                   response to this, we increased the
         ambition to reach net zero by 2050                                                    in pursuit of low-carbon energy and transport.
                                                   ambition of our climate commitments
         along the value chain, meeting our                                                  – We have also initiated an exercise to strengthen our baseline data
                                                   this year. We have aligned Scopes 1, 2
         ESG targets and regulatory obligations                                                for carbon emissions across our value chain. Combined with
                                                   and 3 to a 1.5°C pathway, reaching
         to mitigate climate change is vital.                                                  governance mechanisms in place, this will support effective
                                                   climate neutrality across our Group
         This is because the longevity and                                                     monitoring, tracking, and reporting of our progress against
                                                   operations (Scopes 1 and 2) by 2035
         prosperity of our business depends                                                    our commitments.
                                                   and net zero across Scopes 1, 2 and 3
         intrinsically on the health of the                                                  – We have established several metrics with appropriate management
                                                   by 2050.
         natural environment.                                                                  oversight and governance mechanisms to enable us to monitor
                                                   This heightened pace and breadth of         progress. We are working internally and with third-party
         Oversight: Group climate committee,       scope for required action, warrants         organisations to continue developing this suite of metrics.
         Executive Committee, Corporate            an increase in the level of risk            There is a level of external assurance over the metrics, and we
         Responsibility Committee, Audit           year-on-year.                               are working to further enhance and extend this.
         Committee, Board.                                                                   – We have aligned our climate-related ambitions with our financial
                                                                                               policies and launched our second sustainability-linked bond.
                                                                                               We also continue to report our climate-related financial
                                                                                               disclosures, (see TCFD section on pages 41 to 44.

         Technology                                Our dependence on technology is           – We continue to enhance our technology infrastructure and
                                                   growing across the Group given the          software systems to improve resilience capabilities.
          S Ch
            Strategic                              innovative propositions and initiatives     This involves significant investment in our software, as well as our
     Ch O Operational                              we are introducing. Our increased           hosting strategy. We are partnering with cloud providers and
                                                   reliance on technology for operational      re-engineering some of our legacy retail systems, while building
     S Ch O
          Change                                   stability as well as capability, drives     redundancy for key business systems.
                                                   this risk higher when compared to         – Our continued investment in data centre facilities is providing
         Failure to design, build, operate and     the previous year.                          greater resilience and oversight for our key systems.
         maintain resilient key IT systems and                                               – We have IT development, change management and life-cycle
         infrastructure, may result in loss of                                                 procedures in place and skilled colleagues to build, operate and
         operating capabilities, financial                                                     maintain our systems.
         impacts, and damage to our                                                          – We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans to
         reputation.                                                                           minimise disruption in the event of a technology failure.
                                                                                               We govern through a structured approach to managing events.
         Oversight: Executive Committee,
         Audit Committee, Board.




         Political, regulatory and                 Long-term changes in the global           – Wherever we operate, we aim to ensure that we incorporate the
         compliance†                               political environment and societal          impacts of political and regulatory changes in our strategic planning
                                                   expectations are leading to greater         and policies. This includes engagement with trade, government and
     F    C Compliance                             regulation of businesses and                industry bodies and ongoing monitoring of potential changes to the
                                                   potential penalties.                        future regulatory and political landscape e.g. our assessment and
         Failure to comply with legal and                                                      ongoing monitoring of the war in Ukraine and adherence to
         other requirements in an increasingly     Further, the war in Ukraine has             government directives.
                                                   exacerbated the sociopolitical
         regulated and complex political                                                     – We have compliance programmes and committees to manage our
         environment, results in fines, criminal   complexities, such as directives on
                                                                                               most important risks (e.g. grocery regulations, supplier code,
         penalties for Tesco or colleagues,        import/export controls; restriction
                                                                                               anti-bribery and competition law). We conduct assurance activities
         consequential litigation (including       on capital movement and diverting
                                                                                               for each key risk area.
                                                   government focus.
         class actions e.g. the ongoing equal                                                – We support our code of business conduct and various policies by
         pay claim), and an adverse impact         We have assessed the risk profile to        new starter and annual compliance training and other tools such
         on our reputation, financial results,     be in line with the previous year given     as our Protector Line.
         and/or our ability to do business.        our current response strategies,          – The engagement of leadership and senior management is
                                                   monitoring and control environment.         critical to the successful management of this risk area.
         Oversight: Group risk and compliance
                                                                                               We have established structured communication plans
         committee, Executive Committee,
                                                                                               to provide a clear tone from the top.
         Audit Committee, Board.




34       Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                         Strategic report




    Principal risk                                 Risk movement                             Key responses and controls
    People                                         Market competition for key leadership     – Our talent planning and people development processes are
                                                   and specialist talent remains strong,       established across the Group to grow skills internally, while also
     S Ch
       Strategic                                   with the retail sector and wider UK         recruiting specific skills externally.
Ch O Operational                                   economy experiencing specific             – There are regular discussions on talent and succession planning by
                                                   challenges, such as shortage of             management and the Executive Committee, with regular oversight
    Failure to attract, retain and develop         skilled talent.                             by the Nominations and Governance Committee and the Board.
    the required capability and to embed                                                     – We have clear potential and performance criteria and talent principles,
                                                   We continue to have strong response
    our values in our culture could impact                                                     underpinned by our employer value proposition and strategy.
                                                   mechanisms in place. However, we
    on the delivery of our purpose and                                                       – An independent assessment of all leadership-level promotions
                                                   face complexities posed by uncertain
    business performance.                                                                      and external hires is conducted to ensure capability, potential,
                                                   macroeconomic conditions, intense
                                                                                               leadership, and values.
                                                   competition in the sector for talent,
    Oversight: Nominations and                                                               – Our Remuneration Committee agrees the objectives and
    Governance Committee,                          and the continued shortage of
                                                                                               remuneration arrangements for senior management.
                                                   specialists (such as HGV drivers),
    Remuneration Committee, Executive                                                        – Our ‘how to’ and ‘when to’ speak up programmes across all areas
    Committee, Audit Committee, Board.             along with wage inflation. We therefore
                                                                                               include our Protector Line and complaints process. These allow
                                                   deem this risk to have increased when
                                                                                               colleagues to raise in confidence any workplace concerns such as
                                                   compared to the previous year.
                                                                                               dishonest activity, bias or anything that endangers colleagues, the
                                                                                               public or the environment.
                                                                                             – We continue to roll out measures to ensure the wellbeing of our
                                                                                               colleagues. We are also actively monitoring colleague availability and
                                                                                               wellbeing in Central Europe as a result of the war in Ukraine.
                                                                                             – Our established Group diversity and inclusion strategy ensures that
                                                                                               everyone is welcome and that we provide all our colleagues with
                                                                                               equal opportunities for growth and development. This is embedded
                                                                                               in our values, and we are committed to building an inclusive workplace.
    Health and safety                              Providing a safe environment for          – Our business-wide, risk-based safety framework defines how we
                                                   colleagues and customers is of utmost       implement and report on safety controls to ensure that colleagues,
F    C Compliance                                  importance for our business. We             contractors, and customers have a safe place to work and shop.
                                                   continue to focus our efforts on          – The health and safety framework is regularly reviewed and
    Failure to meet safety standards               controls which ensure colleague and         refreshed, to ensure we continue to address any complexities
    in relation to our workplace may               customer safety.                            arising due to operational changes. This includes implementing
    unfortunately result in death or                                                           enhanced controls and safety measures to ensure colleague
    injury to our customers, colleagues,           The pandemic has presented unique
                                                                                               wellbeing e.g. including physical security controls to protect
    or third parties, or in damage to our          challenges for the safety of our
                                                                                               colleagues against increased threat of violence and abuse.
    operations and lead to adverse                 customers and colleagues. It has
                                                                                             – We require each business to maintain a comprehensive risk
    financial, legal, and reputational             driven the need for rigorous risk
                                                                                               register and safety improvement plan to document and
    consequences.                                  assessments, the rapid rollout of
                                                                                               track enhancements.
                                                   new ways of serving customers and
    Oversight: Group risk and compliance                                                     – Governance and oversight are established in the form of our
                                                   of working for colleagues, clear
    committee, Executive Committee,                                                            Group risk and compliance committee and business unit-specific
                                                   communication, and compliance
    Audit Committee, Board.                                                                    health and safety committees. These committees review critical
                                                   with government pronouncements.
                                                                                               metrics and monitor the effectiveness of related controls.
                                                                                             – Our safety audits, Protector Line arrangements, and the results
                                                                                               of our annual colleague surveys inform management on the delivery
                                                                                               of targeted safety initiatives, including communication plans.
                                                                                             – Our assurance activities, such as store and distribution compliance
                                                                                               reviews, safety health checks and audits, help us assess our
                                                                                               compliance with established policies and processes. They
                                                                                               also enable us to continuously seek and identify areas for
                                                                                               potential improvement.
    Product safety and food integrity Given the changes in the regulatory                    – Our product standards, policies and guidance help ensure that
                                                   landscape, evolution in consumer            products are safe, legal and of the required quality. They cover
F    C Compliance                                  preferences, and the impact of              food and non-food, as well as goods and services not for resale.
                                                   macroeconomic conditions on our           – We closely monitor any updates to product safety regulations,
    Failure to meet regulatory standards           supplier base, the specific nature of       to ensure our standards and products continue to conform with
    and customer expectations related              this risk warrants separate and clear       all relevant regulations.
    to product safety, traceability and            articulation.                             – We conduct detailed due diligence of our suppliers, prior to
    integrity could result in illness, injury or                                               onboarding, to ensure that adequate infrastructure, capabilities,
    death damaging our relationships with          We are, therefore, reporting this risk
                                                                                               and capacities are in place to meet Tesco’s standards.
    customers, with negative effects on            separately. Last year we reported it as
                                                                                             – We run colleague training programmes on food and product safety,
    our performance and corporate                  part of the ‘responsible sourcing and
                                                                                               hygiene controls, and also provide support for stores for
    reputation.                                    supply chain’ risk.
                                                                                               product safety.
    Oversight: Group risk and compliance           We continue to have well-established      – Our crisis management procedures are embedded within our
    committee, Executive Committee,                and comprehensive food safety and           operations to quickly resolve issues if non-compliant products are
    Audit Committee, Board.                        quality management systems to               produced or sold. Clear escalation protocols include the product
                                                   manage this risk.                           recall processes.
                                                                                             – We operate supplier audit and product analysis programmes to
                                                                                               monitor product safety, traceability, and integrity. These include
                                                                                               unannounced audits of suppliers’ sites and facilities.
                                                                                             – We operate a risk-based quality assurance programme, which is
                                                                                               focused on sample-based testing of our products to ensure
                                                                                               compliance with our standards and regulations.




                                                                                                        Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022            35
         Principal risks and uncertainties continued


         Principal risk                             Risk movement                               Key responses and controls
         Responsible sourcing†                      Exploitation of workers and human           – We have policies and guidance to help ensure human rights are
                                                    rights breaches remain the key                respected across our supply chain. These include a focus on
          S Ch
            Strategic                               drivers of this risk.                         appropriately monitoring conditions and progress, tackling
     F    C Compliance                                                                            endemic sector risks, and addressing wider community needs.
                                                    Continued pressures on global
                                                                                                – Our contractual agreements with suppliers clearly articulate the
                                                    economies, have resulted in an
         Failure to ensure that products are                                                      expected standards related to human rights and modern slavery.
                                                    increased risk of worker exploitation,
         sourced responsibly across our supply                                                    Suppliers’ obligations are monitored and discussed as part
                                                    particularly in some of our key sourcing
         chain (adhering to human rights, clean                                                   of regular governance meetings. We are increasing transparency
                                                    countries. We continue to implement
         and safe working environments, fair                                                      of our supply chains to drive up standards, such as by publishing
                                                    targeted response strategies, including
         pay for workers), may result in supply                                                   our tier 1 supplier list.
                                                    the implementation of innovative
         chain disruption, regulatory breaches,                                                 – We also provide targeted training for colleagues and suppliers
                                                    monitoring methods to ensure our
         and reputational impact.                                                                 dealing with specific regulations related to human rights and
                                                    standards are met.
                                                                                                  modern slavery.
         Oversight: Group risk and compliance                                                   – We operate supplier audit programmes to monitor supplier
         committee, corporate responsibility                                                      compliance with our standards related to human rights.
         committee. Executive Committee,                                                          These include unannounced audits of supplier sites and facilities
         Audit Committee, Board.                                                                  and the review of any prior approvals for sub-contracting.
                                                                                                – We qualify and review supplier factories through due diligence
                                                                                                  before use, to ensure they can meet our standards.
                                                                                                – We use certification schemes and participation in voluntary industry
                                                                                                  schemes to drive up our standards.
         Financial performance†                     This risk replaces the previous liquidity   – We maintain an infrastructure of systems, policies, and reports to
                                                    risk and summarises the key financial         ensure discipline and oversight on all financial matters including tax,
     O    F C
            Finance                                 risks we may be exposed to.                   treasury, financial reporting, and performance. The policies are
          S Ch
            Strategic                                                                             reviewed and annually approved by the Executive Committee,
                                                    Markets around the world are                  Audit Committee and the Group PLC Board.
                                                    currently experiencing volatility due
         Our financial performance may be                                                       – The Chief Financial Officer and Group Finance Director, who lead
                                                    to changes in macroeconomic
         adversely impacted by uncertain                                                          a team of in-house professionals, monitor our adherence to our
                                                    conditions including inflationary
         macroeconomic conditions, including                                                      principles and policies.
                                                    pressures, cross-border trade
         inflation; volatile commodity prices                                                   – We manage market factors such as cost and wage inflation,
                                                    complexities, fluctuation in
         and currency fluctuations and                                                            commodity prices and currency fluctuations in line with our
                                                    commodity prices and changes
         unpredictable tax exposures due to                                                       Group treasury policy.
                                                    to taxation and tariffs.
         changes in tax laws and their                                                          – Long-term plans are flexed to consider sensitivities and scenario
         interpretation. These factors may also     These uncertain macroeconomic                 planning that relate to the wider macroeconomic environment.
         impact our cash liquidity or our ability   conditions and inflationary pressures       – We regularly review liquidity levels, sources of cash, and access to
         to continue to fund our operations.        may lead to a reduction in customers’         committed credit facilities and debt capital markets is maintained.
                                                    disposable income and could pose a          – We monitor proposed changes in tax legislation and given the
         Oversight: Executive Committee,            risk to the financial performance of          complex nature of tax law, seek professional advice when required.
         Audit Committee, Board.                    the retail sector.                          – The Audit Committee maintains regular oversight and governance
                                                                                                  of key areas, including, liquidity and funding strategy, Group tax
                                                     N                                            obligations, our viability and going concern statements, and Group
                                                                                                  key financial controls.
                                                                                                – Our Group finance team actively scans the external environment for
                                                                                                  new regulations and/or requirements, developing detailed plans
                                                                                                  with specific milestones and dedicated oversight to ensure we can
                                                                                                  demonstrate compliance.
                                                                                                – We employ a system of financial controls across our business units.
                                                                                                  The key financial controls are then subjected to rigorous second-line
                                                                                                  and third-line testing.
         Tesco Bank                                 The Bank performance improved               – The Bank has a formal structure for reporting, monitoring, and
                                                    with a return to profit. However,             managing risks supported by a robust risk management framework.
     O    F C
            Finance                                 macroeconomic conditions including            This comprises, at its highest level, the Bank’s risk appetite,
     F    C Compliance                              inflationary pressures, present               approved by the Bank risk committee and the Bank board.
                                                    significant cost-of-living concerns         – The Tesco PLC board also reviews and approves the Bank’s financial
         Tesco Bank is exposed to several risks,    for our customers. Although the               risk appetite which defines the type and amount of risk that the
         the most significant of which are          short-term impact on Tesco Bank is            Bank is prepared to accept to meet its strategic objectives.
         operational, regulatory, credit, funding   being managed, given the longer-term          It also forms a link between the day-to-day risk management of
         and capital adequacy, liquidity, market,   uncertainties we have made no change          the business, its objectives, long-term plan, capital planning and
         and business risk. These risks pose a      to the risk profile.                          stress-testing. We monitor adherence to risk appetite on a
         reputational, financial, and legal                                                       monthly basis.
         impact for Tesco Group PLC.                                                            – The risk management framework brings together governance, risk
                                                                                                  appetite, the three lines of defence, the policy framework and risk
         Oversight: Tesco Bank board,                                                             management tools to support the business in managing risk as part
         Executive Committee, Audit                                                               of its day-to-day activities. The framework includes scenario analysis
         Committee, Board.                                                                        and regular stress-testing of financial resilience.
                                                                                                – Bank board risk reporting throughout the year, includes updates
                                                                                                  to the Tesco PLC Audit Committee provided by the Bank’s Chief
                                                                                                  Financial Officer and Audit Committee Chairman. A member of the
                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Executive Committee is also a member of the Bank’s
                                                                                                  board to enhance visibility and knowledge sharing.




36       Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                 Strategic report




Principal risk                            Risk movement                              Key responses and controls
Competition and markets†                  We continue to face the challenges of      – Our Board develops and regularly challenges the strategic direction
                                          a changing competitive landscape and         of our business to enhance our ability to remain competitive on
 S Ch
   Strategic                              price pressures across our markets.          price, range, and service. This includes developing our online
                                          There has been industry-wide                 channels and multiple formats to allow us to compete in
Failure to deliver an effective,          restructuring with consolidation and         different markets.
coherent, and consistent strategy         privatisation across the retail sector.    – Our Executive Committee and operational management regularly
in response to an increasingly                                                         review markets, trading opportunities, competitor strategy
complex and fast-evolving competitor      Our response strategies are well
                                                                                       and activity.
landscape, and/or changes in market       developed, and we review them
                                                                                     – We carry out market scanning and competitor analysis to refine
conditions, may result in a negative      regularly to remain competitive
                                                                                       our customer proposition.
impact on our market share, cause         and informed by competitor and
                                                                                     – We are continuously improving our digital platform, adding more
damage to our profitability and           market activity.
                                                                                       flexibility, delivery options and increased range of merchandise on
business performance.                     This risk is therefore unchanged and         offer, to compete against new players in the market.
Oversight: Executive Committee,           in line with the previous year.            – We continue to improve our Clubcard offerings and have introduced
Audit Committee, Board.                                                                promotions and targeted campaigns to compete with other retailers
                                                                                       on price and product quality.




Brand, reputation, and trust†             There has been widespread                  – Our Group policies, procedures, and code of business conduct set
                                          recognition of the steps we took             out the detailed expectations and behaviours that enable us to
 S Ch
   Strategic                              to feed the nation, while keeping            make the right decisions for our customers, colleagues, suppliers,
                                          customers and colleagues at the heart        communities, and investors.
Failure to enhance brand value by         of our decision making during the          – We listen to our customers and stakeholders as part of our
improving quality, value, and service     uncertain macroeconomic conditions           communication and engagement programmes. We reflect their
perceptions, as well as meeting           faced during the year.                       needs in our plans. We have also implemented measures in
societal expectations in relation to                                                   response to the crisis in Ukraine such as donating funds to the Red
our planet, our communities and           We are, however, aware that
                                                                                       Cross for its Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal.
fair treatment of colleagues and          hard-won reputations can be quickly
                                                                                     – The Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees all corporate
suppliers, results in a negative impact   lost. We continue to monitor
                                                                                       responsibility activities and initiatives, including climate and
on the trust which our communities        stakeholder perceptions to ensure the
                                                                                       sustainability programmes, to ensure our alignment with customer
and stakeholders place in our brand.      actions we take as a business align with
                                                                                       priorities and our brand strategy.
                                          public expectations and further the
Oversight: Executive Committee,                                                      – We continue to use the advice of specialist external agencies and
                                          trust placed in our brand. We have a
Corporate Responsibility Committee,                                                    our in-house marketing expertise to maximise the value and impact
                                          particular focus on healthy sustainable
Audit Committee, Board.                                                                of our brand.
                                          diets, climate change, packaging, food
                                                                                     – Our supplier standards outline the expected behaviours from
                                          waste and diversity and inclusion.
                                                                                       our partners or collaborators.
                                                                                     – We design and implement initiatives and activities in areas we know
                                                                                       to be material to our business stakeholders and brand reputation.

Customer†                                 There remains considerable                 – Our refreshed strategy focusing on value, price, availability,
                                          uncertainty as to the further impact         promotions, loyalty and Clubcard is driving our business.
 S Ch
   Strategic                              on the economy, employment rates             This strategy is underpinned by detailed road map milestones,
                                          and household budgets from the               and our governance mechanisms.
The macroeconomic and geopolitical        pandemic. Also, the full effects of        – We have a consistent approach to building impactful customer
conditions affecting economies in         macroeconomic conditions, such as            propositions by offering high-quality and competitive value while
which we operate may impact our           cost and wage inflation on the               improving the customer experience.
customers’ budgets and force              economy remain unclear.                    – Our Group-wide customer insight analyses enable us to dynamically
customers to reappraise the                                                            improve our propositions. It does this by monitoring customer
concepts of value and loyalty in a way    However, we continue to have the
                                                                                       behaviour and buying sentiments (including any changes due to
to which we are unable to respond.        right strategies and processes in place
                                                                                       external factors such as COVID-19, or increased inflation).
                                          to monitor this risk and manage it as
Oversight: Executive Committee,                                                        This approach includes enriching customer engagement through
                                          far as circumstances will allow. The
Audit Committee, Board.                                                                tailored campaigns, which also helps to improve customer retention
                                          pandemic has seen a significant shift in
                                                                                       as well as loyalty.
                                          consumer focus on value and demand
                                                                                     – Our well-established product development and quality management
                                          for online shopping. This has led us to
                                                                                       processes, ensure the needs of our customer are central to our
                                          enhance our value strategy, and to
                                                                                       decision making.
                                          increase our online presence, and
                                                                                     – We monitor the effectiveness of our processes by regularly tracking
                                          capacity. The risk is therefore
                                                                                       our business and competitors against measures that customers tell
                                          unchanged and in line with the
                                                                                       us are important to their shopping experience.
                                          previous year.




Emerging risks
Our emerging risks are reported to the Audit Committee alongside our principal risks. We conduct horizon-scanning to enable a medium and
longer-term view of potential disruptors or emerging risks to our business. We are currently tracking several emerging risks within the themes
of political, economic, technological, environment and talent. We continue to monitor the risk indicators on a periodic basis for these
emerging risks. Those emerging risks that have a potential impact and require a response, have been considered as part of our risk
assessment process described on pages 31 and 32.




                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        37
     Longer term viability statement




     Viability statement.
     Assessing the Group’s longer-term prospects                          The Group continues to invest in delivering great value to help
     and viability                                                        customers in increasingly challenging times, supported by:
     The Directors have based their assessment of viability on the
     Group’s current long-term plan, which is updated and approved        – a strategic focus on driving growth and continued focus on cost
     annually by the Board. The plan delivers the Group’s purpose of        reduction from simplification of the operating model;
     ‘serving our customers, communities and planet a little better       – a clear set of financial priorities to deliver cash profit, free cash
     every day’ and is underpinned by a clear strategic focus on            flow and earnings per share growth, underpinned by a robust
     creating sustainable, long-term value for every Tesco stakeholder.     capital allocation framework; and
                                                                          – a diversified business portfolio covering retail, wholesale, banking
     The Group conducts an annual strategic planning process,               and data science.
     comprising a comprehensive reassessment of progress against
     the Group’s strategic objectives, alongside an evaluation of the     Refer to the Group Chief Executive’s review on pages 10 to 12 and
     longer-term opportunities and risks in each market in which the      the Financial review on pages 23 to 30 for further detail regarding
     Group operates. The consideration of risks, particularly principal   the Group’s strategic and financial progress.
     and emerging risks, is an important input to this process. Further
     information about principal risks and uncertainties can be found     Longer-term prospects
     on pages 31 to 37.                                                   The following factors are considered both in the formulation of
                                                                          the Group’s strategic plan, and in the longer-term assessment
     The Group’s strategic plan and viability statement are both          of the Group’s prospects:
     considered over a three-year period, as this time horizon most
     appropriately reflects the dynamic and changing retail environment   – the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, as well
     in which the Group operates.                                           as emerging risks as they are identified, and the Group’s
                                                                            response to these;
     Long-term planning process                                           – the prevailing economic climate and global economy, competitor
     The long-term planning process builds from the Group’s current         activity, market dynamics and changing customer behaviours;
     position and considers the evolution of the strategic objectives     – any structural changes in how customers shop, additional
     over the next three years. Three years is selected as the Group’s      costs incurred by the Group and potential macroeconomic
     planning horizon and viability period based on the pace of change      consequences of rising unemployment and inflation due
     in both the competitive landscape and customer shopping                to events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and global
     behaviours within the retail sector. Three years is also used as       supply challenges;
     the time period in the Group’s capital investment hurdles.           – opportunities for further cost reduction through operational
                                                                            simplification and leveraging technology; and
     Current position                                                     – the resilience afforded by the Group’s operational scale.
     During the year, the Group announced a new multi-year
     performance framework which will guide management’s actions
     over the coming years. The framework outlines the objectives of
     the business: to drive top-line growth, to grow absolute profits
     while maintaining sector-leading margins throughout and to
     generate stable Retail free cash flow each year. The delivery of
     these objectives will enable the Group to maintain a strong
     balance sheet, invest for growth and deliver improved returns
     for shareholders. The Group also announced the strategic
     drivers which would enable the delivery of these objectives,
     refreshed its capital allocation framework and commenced
     an ongoing share buyback programme.




38   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                Strategic report




Assessing the Group’s viability
The viability of the Group has been assessed, considering the Group’s current financial position, including external funding in place over the
assessment period, and after modelling the impact of certain scenarios arising from the Group’s principal risks outlined on pages 31 to 37.

Four ‘severe but plausible’ scenarios, without considering controls or risk mitigants already in place, have been modelled which address
the principal risks that the Group has assessed would have the most direct and material impact on the Group. None of these scenarios,
either individually or in aggregate, threaten the viability of the Group. The scenarios described are also used as the basis for the
risk-weighted cash flows which are included in our impairment of non-current assets analysis. For more information, please refer
to Note 15 on pages 149 to 152.

Scenario            Associated principal risk     Description
Macroeconomic       – Competition and             Global economies are recovering from reduced disposable income and lower levels of consumer
downturn              markets                     confidence as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Domestic inflation across our markets is elevated due
                    – Customer                    to global supply issues and geopolitical events, such as the war in Ukraine. These factors contribute
                    – Brand, reputation           towards a contraction in customer demand, driving like-for-like decline across our retail businesses.
                      and trust                   Management has applied a downside scenario which reduces the projected like-for-like sales growth
                                                  in each of the three years of the Group strategic plan by (4)%, reflecting a similar level of decline
                                                  witnessed during prior recessionary events. To maintain our competitive position in such a recessionary
                                                  environment, further investment in our value proposition will be required which puts pressure on
                                                  operating margins. In addition, management has considered the potential for customers to manage
                                                  a contraction in disposable incomes by switching from more expensive to lower-priced ranges.
                                                  Management has applied a downside scenario in this instance which assumes 1% of the existing sales
                                                  in higher-priced ranges transfers into lower-priced, and lower-margin ranges.
Global supply       – Responsible sourcing        Supply chain disruption, availability of labour, commodity shortages and the potential macroeconomic
pressures           – Financial performance       consequences of the war in Ukraine drive high domestic inflation in the markets in which we operate,
                                                  which results in significant cost inflation. The Group absorbs elevated levels of cost inflation across
                                                  goods purchased for sale to customers and the operating cost base, particularly in costs related to
                                                  colleague payroll and energy. Management has applied a downside scenario which assumes the
                                                  Group absorbs further cost inflation in colleague pay, energy and cost of goods sold at twice the
                                                  current level assumed in the Group strategic plan. These cost tensions are assumed to be fully
                                                  absorbed by the Group, with no assumed mitigation through additional cost savings or retail pricing.
                                                  Note: the adverse consumer impact from this risk is dealt with in the ‘Macroeconomic downturn’
                                                  scenario which is described above.
Data breach         – Cyber security              The volume and nature of the customer and supplier data we hold as a business could result in a
                    – Political, regulatory       serious data or security breach which sees a significant financial penalty levied against the Group,
                      and compliance              aligned to the UK GDPR penalty framework which could see a maximum fine levied of 4% of Group
                    – Brand, reputation           revenue. For the purposes of this stress test, management has included a fine quantified as 2% of
                      and trust                   Group revenue, being the mid-point of the potential maximum fine. A significant data breach poses
                    – Data privacy                a reputational risk, resulting in a decline in customer sentiment and an adverse trading impact. The
                                                  extent of this trading impact is very uncertain, both in terms of the financial impact and the period it
                                                  may take to recover customer trust. As such, the potential brand reputation element of this scenario
                                                  has been modelled via a reverse stress test. This assesses the risk in the context of the residual
                                                  headroom after all other scenarios have been applied. The resultant like-for-like sales decline which
                                                  would have to occur to eliminate the residual cash headroom, including all other scenarios happening
                                                  in aggregate, is around twice as severe as any decline the Group has faced in recent years.
Climate change      – Climate change              Rising global temperatures result in an increasing incidence and severity of extreme weather events,
                    – Responsible sourcing        leading to a higher incidence of store closures due to flooding and disruption to our global supply chain,
                    – Political, regulatory and   predominantly in produce and protein categories. The costs associated with these risks are based on
                      compliance                  our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures scenario modelling, which projects the annual
                                                  financial impact by 2030 from these key climate-related exposure areas. Management has included
                                                  10% of the modelled impacts per year within the viability stress-testing scenarios. A fuller assessment
                                                  of the climate-related risks the Group faces, and our actions to mitigate these risks is provided in the
                                                  Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures section of this Annual Report, starting on page 41.


We expect to be able to refinance external debt and renew committed facilities as they become due, which is the assumption made in the
viability scenario modelling. Our committed facilities remain undrawn as at the end of the financial year. Please refer to Note 24 on page 158
for further details on our debt profile, including maturity dates. The scenarios above are hypothetical and purposefully severe with the aim of
creating outcomes that could threaten the viability of the Group. In the case of these scenarios arising, various options are available to the
Group in order to maintain liquidity to continue in operation, such as: (i) accessing new external funding early; (ii) reducing shareholder returns;
(iii) short-term cost reduction actions; and (iv) reducing capital expenditure. None of these mitigating actions is assumed in our current
scenario modelling.

Viability statement
Based on these severe but plausible scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will continue in operation and
meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year period considered.




                                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022            39
     Climate




     Climate.
                                                                                                        Despite a step back from last year’s performance, we remain on
                                                                                                        track to meet our target of becoming carbon neutral across our
                                                                                                        Group operations by 2035, aligned to a 1.5˚C trajectory. This year,
                                                                                                        we achieved a 52% absolute reduction in our own operations
                                                                                                        emissions on a 2015 baseline. Further information on the steps we
                                                                                                        have taken to drive energy efficiency and transition to renewable
                                                                                                        sources are contained within the Streamlined Energy and Carbon
                                                                                                        Reporting disclosure on page 103.
     Commitment
     To be carbon neutral across our Group operations by 2035 and                                       In September 2021, we announced our extended commitment to
     net zero across our full value chain, aligned to 1.5˚C, by 2050.                                   be net zero across our value chain, aligned to a 1.5˚C trajectory by
                                                                                                        2050, covering all indirect Scope 3 emissions. This was informed
     Climate change remains the greatest environmental threat we                                        by updating our Group carbon footprint to align with new
     face, and as such is recognised as one of the Group’s principal                                    methodology developments and the inclusion of new data points
     risks. The effects of climate change have the potential to threaten                                such as deforestation and land conversion. Further information
     our own business operations, the operations of our suppliers’                                      on our 2019/20 carbon footprint can be found on page 42.
     businesses and the livelihoods of the farmers and workers in our                                   Through this process, we have been able to identify our material
     supply chains, in addition to changing the way customers shop and                                  emissions hotspots and focus on modelling decarbonisation
     eat. We must play a leading role in helping to avoid the most severe                               interventions relevant to each hotspot. This work will be
     consequences. Urgent, collective action is required to meet global                                 concluded in 2022/23 and support the revalidation of our
     climate goals and protect the health of the natural environment                                    expanded science-based targets.
     upon which we all rely.
                                                                                                        We continue to engage our direct suppliers, requesting that all of
     The food sector is responsible for over one third of greenhouse gas                                our direct suppliers report on emissions to help us co-design our
     (GHG) emissions and as a business, we impact the climate in both                                   decarbonisation pathways. This year, to support these efforts,
     our own operations and our supply chains. In 2021, we completed                                    we undertook webinars and online training to support suppliers
     a new cradle-to-customer carbon footprint analysis for our Group                                   on their decarbonisation journeys. Through the Tesco Supplier
     operations to understand the main sources of emissions and to                                      Network, we also provide bespoke services and online tools to
     help us develop reduction strategies, aligned with our net zero                                    all Tesco suppliers.
     commitment. More than 90% of our total emissions footprint
     lies within our value chain – our Scope 3 indirect emissions.                                      Recognising that we cannot achieve our climate ambitions alone,
     This includes emissions associated with producing the things we                                    we have continued to promote cross-industry action through our
     sell and customers using what they buy from us. While reducing                                     partnership with WWF and involvement in industry initiatives such
     Scope 3 emissions represents a significant challenge, we must                                      as the Courtauld Commitment 2030, The Aldersgate Group and
     drive transformative action across the food system.                                                The Climate Group. Together we are supporting the development
                                                                                                        of positive public policy mechanisms to deliver low-carbon
     In 2021/22, our direct GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) increased                                     economies in the countries where we operate.
     slightly on the previous year due to methodology improvements
     in our data collection and operational changes resulting from
                                                                                                                     For more information on our approach to
     the easing of COVID-19 restrictions also adversely impacting
                                                                                                                     climate and energy management please visit
     our emissions.
                                                                                                                     www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub.

     Greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption*
                                                                                                                                                                                       Base year
     ​                                                                                                                 2021/22               2020/21              2019/20                2015/16
     Scope 1 (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                                       1,110,098    ◊
                                                                                                                                           1,053,131             1,105,183​           1,240,871◊
     Scope 2(a)                                                                                                                                                           ​                    ​
        Market-based method (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                            16,107◊               13,631                81,531​           1,095,671◊
        Location-based method (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                        642,337◊               718,222              859,583​            1,657,316◊
     Total Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) (tonnes of CO2e)                                                            1,126,205◊            1,066,762              1,186,714           2,336,542◊
     Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity (kg CO2e/sq.ft. of stores and DCs)                                                   12.16◊                 11.63                13.24​               26.29
     Selected Scope 3(b) (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                             593,405◊               471,195                557,111            684,079
     Total gross emissions (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                          1,719,610◊           1,537,957             1,743,825            3,020,621
     CO2e from renewable energy exported to the National Grid (tonnes of CO2e)                                             279◊                  350                  635                     –
     Total net emissions (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                            1,719,331◊           1,537,607             1,743,190​           3,020,621
     Overall net carbon intensity(c)
     (total net emissions kg CO2e/sq.ft. of stores and DCs)                                                            18.56◊                 16.76                 19.46                33.98
     Total annual energy consumption (GWh)                                                                             6,263                 6,089                 6,443                 6,823
     UK only total Scope 1 and 2 (tonnes of CO2e) market-based                                                       936,257               880,039               905,053              1,751,572
     UK only Scope 1 and 2 intensity (kg CO2e/per sq.ft. of stores and DCs)                                             13.67                 12.99                 13.82                26.98
     UK only annual energy consumption (GWh)                                                                           5,203                 5,037                 5,306                 5,502
     * For both energy and emissions data, we have included all major subsidiaries within Group measures and have included all UK-based subsidiaries in our consolidated UK disclosures.
     ◊ 	 We engaged Deloitte LLP to provide independent limited assurance over the GHG emissions data highlighted in the above table with a ◊ using the assurance standards ISAE (UK) 3000 	
         and 3410. Deloitte has issued an unqualified opinion over the selected data. Deloitte’s full assurance statement is available at: www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub.
     (a) Our method statement can be accessed at www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub. We use the market-based method for calculating Scope 2 emissions for our total emissions
         to account for our efforts in generating and purchasing low-carbon energy. The location-based method is provided for disclosure only and all intensity, net and gross emissions shown are
         calculated using Scope 2 market-based method.
     (b) Under Scope 3 emissions we report business travel and emissions from distribution arranged by Tesco but provided by third parties (including secondary distribution globally and
         emissions from primary distribution in the UK). Scope 3 emissions also include transmission and distribution impacts of electricity and heat supply and well-to-tank embodied impacts of
         fuel. Further information on our carbon calculations is available at www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub.
     (c) Prior year carbon intensity calculations have been updated to reflect changes in the sq.ft. of our business to include all subsidiaries.




40   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                    Strategic report



Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures




TCFD.
                                                                          Strategic investments considered to advance the achievement of
                                                                          our climate objectives will be discussed and approved by the
                                                                          Executive Committee.

                                                                          Our updated governance structure builds upon the previously
                                                                          mentioned forums and is divided into two streams: strategic
                                                                          oversight and implementation and compliance, both of which feed
                                                                          into the newly created Group climate committee, chaired by the
Climate-related financial disclosures                                     Chief Product Officer, with the aim of enabling the Group to
In addition to this TCFD report, we provide further information           accelerate decarbonisation initiatives and further embed
on climate change in the Principal risks and uncertainties section,       climate in our corporate strategy.
on page 34 and detail on our greenhouse gas emissions can be
found on page 40. We continue to consider the potential financial         The Group climate committee, which meets quarterly, is
impacts of climate change in the cash flow scenario modelling             responsible for maintaining oversight of progress made against
within our viability statement on page 38 and impairment note             our interim decarbonisation milestones, and for holding the new
on page 149.                                                              steering groups to account for delivery of the operational
                                                                          and supply chain decarbonisation roadmaps. The committee is
Governance                                                                also responsible for oversight of climate risk management,
We have implemented an enhanced climate governance framework              including assessing and managing climate-related risks and
this year, encompassing the Board, its associated Committees and          opportunities on the Group risk register where climate is a
the Executive Committee.                                                  principal risk, and for our climate-related disclosures.

The Board is responsible for the long-term success of the                 The Group climate committee comprises representatives from
Group and has ultimate responsibility for climate-related risks and       significant business functions which materially influence our ability
opportunities. The Board most recently discussed climate-related          to achieve both our climate targets and regulatory obligations.
risks in March 2022. The Corporate Responsibility Committee
oversees the Group’s social and environmental obligations,                Three steering groups underpin the implementation and
including climate-related matters and is responsible for monitoring       compliance component of our climate governance structure.
progress towards our commitments. The Corporate Responsibility            They are responsible for delivering initiatives to meet operational
Committee meets four times each year and has discussed climate            climate targets and interim milestones, propel decarbonisation in
on every occasion during 2021/22, with similar plans to discuss at        our supply chain and enable the business to report our progress.
all 2022/23 meetings. Further information about the activities            These steering groups are chaired by senior leaders: our
discussed at the Corporate Responsibility Committee can be                Chief Property Officer leads operational decarbonisation (Scope
found on page 66. In addition to the Corporate Responsibility             1 and Scope 2), our Group Quality Director leads Scope 3 value
Committee, the Audit Committee also monitors climate-related              chain decarbonisation and our Group Communications Director
risk management, internal controls and reporting requirements.            leads reporting and disclosure. The steering groups are more
                                                                          broadly supported by a number of cooperative workstreams that
From 2022, the Executive Committee will review our progress               each focus on carbon reduction within material emissions
against our climate targets twice each year, supported by an              hotspots across the business.
integrated performance dashboard. The Executive Committee
will next discuss climate change in June 2022 to conduct a
retrospective review of 2021/22 and in December 2022, to
facilitate a forward-looking discussion of our climate-related
plans for 2023/24. These discussions are led by the Chief Product
Officer, as executive sponsor of our net zero climate commitment.



                                                                                                       Corporate
                                    Audit Committee                                                   Responsibility
                                                                                                       Committee

 Strategic
                                                                  Executive Committee
 oversight


                                                               Group climate committee

 Implementation


  & compliance
                                Group                                                                           Group corporate
                                                                        Supply chain
                              operational                                                                        responsibility
                                                                      decarbonisation
                           decarbonisation                                                                       steering group
                                                                       steering group
                            steering group                                                                        (reporting &
                                                                          (Scope 3)
                             (Scope 1 & 2)                                                                         disclosure)




                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        41
     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued


                                                                              manufacturing and logistics; and downstream, through the use
     Our total emissions footprint                                            of Tesco products, including food waste and end-of-life disposal,
                                      50% Producing the things we sell:       all of which are affected by customers’ dietary choices and
                                          38.5m tCO2e/year                    consumption patterns. Following expansion of our net zero
                                      39% Customers using what they           commitment, we are currently revalidating our updated science-
                                          buy: 29.9m tCO2e/year               based targets with the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

            76.4m
               tCO2e/year
                                      2% Waste across the system:
                                          1.5m tCO2e/year                     The emissions from Tesco’s products and supply chain comprise
                                                                              more than 90% of our total emissions footprint. Upstream
                                      2% Running our stores and
                                          centres: 1.2m tCO2e/year            activities account for 50% of our total carbon footprint, of which
                                                                              30% is driven by emissions generated by the rearing, growing and
                                      7% Transport and travel:
                                                                              transportation of agricultural products, mainly within the animal
                                          5.3m tCO2e/year
                                                                              protein categories. The remaining 20% is linked to the manufacture
                                                                              of our product ranges, including packaging, and production of
                                                                              the fuel that we sell. Downstream activities, on the other hand,
     Strategy                                                                 represent around 40% of our footprint, primarily emissions
     As part of our commitment to reach operational carbon neutrality         resulting from customers using our products: cooking at home,
     by 2035 on a 1.5˚C pathway for Scope 1 and 2, we have set a target       preparational processes including washing and drying products,
     to reduce our absolute carbon emissions by 60% by 2025                   and the emissions associated with the fuel that customers buy
     compared to a 2015 baseline.                                             from our petrol filling stations. Consequently, we identify our
                                                                              emission hotspots to be the production of our most emission-
     Since setting our operational science-based target in 2017, we have      intensive, high-demand products (by volume and in particular,
     realised opportunities through driving greater efficiency in key         animal protein, grains and fresh produce), consumer use of
     processes across operations, including improving the efficiency of       products and consumer use of fuel that we sell.
     our refrigeration units and reducing refrigerant emissions across
     the store and distribution centre network through switching from         Given that we do not control our Scope 3 emissions, due to their
     fluorinated gas to CO2 systems. In addition to reducing emissions        indirect nature, achieving net zero across our value chain will
     from logistics through a range of fuel efficiency maximisation           entail Government intervention, substantive coordination and
     initiatives, such as improved route planning, we are also committed      collaboration with suppliers, as well as strategic communication
     to the electrification of transport. As signatories to the Clean Van     with our customers. As such, our ability to influence carbon
     Commitment and EV100, Tesco has committed to a fully electric            reduction presents both a risk and an opportunity to our
     home delivery fleet by 2028, with almost 50 vans rolled out at the       decarbonisation strategy and net zero commitment – the success
     end of 2021, including in Glasgow at the time of COP26. Alongside        of our relationships both upstream and downstream will prove
     this continued rollout, we are exploring the opportunity to electrify    critical. We already actively engage with our key suppliers to
     more of our heavy goods vehicles (HGVs) including a current pilot        press for change, and currently over 300 suppliers are reporting
     involving two electric HGVs, which we expect to replace 65,000           emissions data on a yearly basis.
     diesel-fuelled road miles with clean energy. We are utilising greener
     distribution beyond the road and have partnered with Direct Rail         Additionally, we have engaged with external climate consultants
     Services (DRS) to use refrigerated rail freight in the UK, in addition   to leverage their expertise and model key mitigation interventions,
     to our existing rail service from Spain. The new service operates        enabling us to understand both the mitigation potential and
     twice a day, seven days a week and will save Tesco 7.3 million road      associated cost over time in order to build long-term
     miles per year.                                                          decarbonisation pathways, in alignment with the UK Government
                                                                              requirement for listed companies to submit transition pathways
     We met our 2030 ambition to switch to 100% renewable electricity         by 2023. These decarbonisation pathways assess both active
     in our own operations across the Group 10 years early, through a         reductions, including GHG mitigation activities implemented
     combination of direct sourcing and renewable certificates. We are        jointly with our supplier base, as well as assumptions on passive
     now moving to ensure the majority of this renewable electricity          reductions, including processes beyond our direct or indirect
     comes from direct sourcing, thereby boosting the UK’s overall            control that will ultimately contribute to the abatement of our
     renewable capacity. In support of this, in 2019, we announced a          footprint (such as policy changes, greening of the grid etc.).
     major project to source renewable electricity directly from five
     windfarms and four solar farms. In July 2021 the third of these          Although Tesco’s expanded net zero commitment was announced
     windfarms opened in Halsary, Scotland. Once all renewable energy         in 2021, our ambition to build a more sustainable supply chain has
     sites are operational, they will strengthen our energy resilience        existed for many years. For example, deforestation-linked soy is a
     and supply around 26% of our electricity from renewable sources,         major contributor to the emissions associated with beef, pork
     strengthening our current position of 100% renewable electricity         and poultry. The complexity of the global supply chain means
     usage across the Group based on certificates.                            collaboration is essential and we have been at the forefront of
                                                                              industry action, advocating for change and spearheading the UK
     We quantified and disclosed our 2015 baseline Scope 3 emissions          Soy Manifesto, where retailers, along with other leaders in the food,
     footprint in September 2021, accompanying our 2050 commitment            beverage and consumer goods industries which together represent
     to achieve net zero emissions across the entire value chain. We          almost 60% of all UK soy bought each year, agreed to remove
     have subsequently calculated our Group carbon footprint for              deforestation-linked soy and feed from the supply chain by 2025.
     2019/20, covering Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions which includes the
     sourcing of raw materials and food production, where emissions
     are generated both upstream in activities such as agriculture,




42   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                          Strategic report




In 2017, we committed to implement the TCFD recommendations
and we developed our initial scenario analysis based on a
materiality assessment of the areas of the business most exposed
to the effects of climate change. The table below summarises
the potential impacts to our animal protein categories, and UK
property estate by 2030 under both a physical and transition
risk scenario, including the annual operating profit impacts.
These impacts are before mitigating actions and represent the
majority of the risks quantified in our initial scenario modelling
work. The time horizon over which the risks described impact
the business largely depends on the timing of any introduction
of tax legislation. Further context is provided in last year’s TCFD
disclosure starting on page 26 of our 2020/21 Annual Report.

                 2˚C scenario ‘transition risks’
Category         over short, medium & long-term time horizons
Animal protein   The primary risks relate to the potential cost of any
                 carbon tax on livestock emissions, calculated based
                 on an externally sourced estimated carbon price and
                 historical sourcing volumes, with the largest impacts
                 from beef, milk and chicken.
                 Potential operating profit impact of c.£(150)m –
                 £(200)m annually by 2030 (before mitigating actions).
Property         Higher compliance costs due to more stringent
                 carbon pricing policies, calculated based on an
                 externally sourced estimated carbon price applied
                 to our Scope 1 emissions.
                 Potential operating profit impact of c.£(50)m –
                 £(100)m annually by 2030 (before mitigating actions).


We also quantified the risks described in the table above under a
4˚C scenario, which considered ‘physical risks’ associated with a
systemic failure to address climate change. Given that this analysis
showed these impacts to be less material to Tesco, and noting the
potential for significant variation depending on the assumptions
used, we have not separately disclosed the smaller impacts.              Greener transport
In light of our updated carbon footprint and climate ambitions,          As part of our efforts to meet our
and reflecting the increasing integration of climate change
throughout our business, we are now working to further build our         commitment to net zero emissions
internal capabilities in climate-related scenario modelling, and have    in our own operations by 2035 and
partnered with Risilience, part of the Centre for Risk Studies at the
University of Cambridge Judge Business School to create a digital        to keep our products moving across
version of our value chain. We will use this to model several            the UK during a year of supply chain
warming scenarios across varying time horizons, enabling us to
significantly enhance our climate-related risk modelling, develop
                                                                         challenges, we increased the
effective mitigation plans, stress test organisational resilience and    volumes on our rail distribution
improve the execution of our strategy to deliver net zero.               network by over 39% to 91,000
Climate-related risks and opportunities are increasingly integrated      containers at the end of 2021.
into the business’s financial planning, with our multi-year Long
Term Plan including capital investments in electric vehicles,            This switch from road to rail saves about
regulatory and legislative changes and operational efficiencies.         28 million road miles a year and over 37,000
The recently established Group climate committee is responsible          tonnes of CO2. In December, we announced
for reviewing strategic sustainability investments and as such, the      our partnership with Direct Rail Services which
committee comprises members from our Treasury and Group
                                                                         further expands our use of rail to help distribute
Finance functions. The Executive Committee is responsible for
                                                                         refrigerated goods, saving a further 7.3 million
approving all investments, while the Audit Committee maintains
its oversight role.
                                                                         road miles per year.


           More information on our greenhouse gas
           emissions can be found on page 40.                                    Visit www.tescoplc.com/sustainability
                                                                                 for more information.




                                                                               Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   43
     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued


     Risk management                                                        In recognition of how critical sustainability is to our business
     Following the establishment of climate change as a standalone          success, our long-term Performance Share Plan will, from 2022,
     principal risk in 2020/21, reviews have been conducted at various      consider a number of sustainability metrics for the first time.
     levels including the Executive Committee and the Board. This           Our 2025 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 60% will
     includes the identification and documentation of climate-related       be included. For more information on the sustainability metrics
     risks and the review and consideration of appropriate risk             included within our long-term Performance Share Plan, effective
     responses. This consolidated view provides an input to our             from financial year 2022/23, please refer to page 82.
     review of the Group risk profile.
                                                                            Detailed greenhouse gas emissions, including disclosure across
     The most recent principal risk review was presented to the             Scope 1, 2 and selected Scope 3 can be found on page 40.
     Executive Committee in November 2021 and the Board in March            The related risks are those set out in the strategy section above.
     2022. The decision was taken to both amend and expand the scope
     of the risk description to reflect the increased focus on ‘Planet’     Next steps
     as part of our refreshed purpose and increasingly ambitious            Our priorities in 2022/23 will include further developing our internal
     sustainability targets. The Board is conscious of the complexity and   capabilities in climate-related scenario modelling through our
     scale of our value chain, in conjunction with the expectation for      partnership with Risilience, part of the Centre for Risk Studies at
     progressive regulatory requirements governing climate reporting,       the University of Cambridge Judge Business School, enabling us to
     and the Executive Committee concluded that the risk may                disclose the risks and opportunities that the business faces over
     accelerate. Further information about principal risks and              a variety of time horizons, including how we intend to report and
     uncertainties can be found starting on page 31.                        measure our progress.

     Following the expansion of the net zero commitment and                 Listing Rule 9.8.6R Compliance Statement
     establishment of strengthened climate governance, Tesco PLC            Tesco PLC has complied with all of the requirements of LR 9.8.6R
     has reviewed and refreshed the approach to further embed the           by including climate-related financial disclosures in this section
     management of climate-related risk and opportunity into local          (and in the information available at the locations referenced
     markets and categories. The business has created climate and           therein) consistent with the TCFD recommendations. We will
     sustainability task forces for our ROI, CE and Booker businesses,      further develop the quantification of climate-related risks and
     and for categories including non-food and Tesco Mobile.                opportunities, including expanding our scenario modelling to cover
                                                                            multiple time horizons in partnership with Risilience, part of the
     Metrics & targets                                                      Centre for Risk Studies at the University of Cambridge Judge
     Our net zero strategy is underpinned by three key commitments.         Business School. The initial output of this work will be disclosed
     We have committed to reduce Scope 1 and 2 market-based                 in our 2022/23 Annual Report.
     emissions by 60% by 2025, to be carbon neutral across our
     own operations by 2035 and to achieve net zero across our
     value chain by 2050.




                                                                            Protein diversification
                                                                            We want to make it easy and
                                                                            affordable for our customers
                                                                            to eat more sustainably.
                                                                            We were the first UK retailer to set a target
                                                                            on increasing the sales of plant-based meat
                                                                            alternatives by 300% by 2025 and to publish
                                                                            the sales of plant-based proteins. This year
                                                                            our sales of plant-based meat alternatives
                                                                            grew by 130% vs 2018 and our efforts on
                                                                            protein diversification were recognised as
                                                                            ‘Pioneering’ within FAIRR’s ‘Appetite for
                                                                            Disruption: The Last Serving’ research.

                                                                                      Visit www.tescoplc.com/sustainability
                                                                                      for more information.




44   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                 Strategic report



Non-financial information statement


The table below constitutes the Company’s non-financial information statement as required by sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies
Act 2006. In addition, our website www.tescoplc.com contains a wide range of non-financial information, including actions we take to manage
our environmental and social impact and look after our colleagues.

The due diligence carried out for each policy is contained within each respective policy’s documentation.

Reporting                                                              Relevant policies and documents        Where to find more
requirement       Our approach                                         which govern our approach              information and outcomes                    Page
Environmental     We are committed to reducing our environmental – Group environment policy                   – Our purpose in action                      6
matters           impact; helping to tackle climate change and   – Responsible sourcing policies on           – Principal risks and uncertainties         31
                  protecting and restoring precious ecosystems.    key commodities including soy,             – Climate                                   40
                  Our Group environment policy sets out how we     palm oil, seafood etc.                     – Task Force on Climate-related             41
                  manage our environmental responsibilities and  – Net zero climate strategy                    Financial Disclosures
                  the expectations we have of our suppliers.                                                  – Corporate Responsibility Committee        66
                                                                                                              – Audit Committee: sustainable financing    70
Colleagues        Our Code of Business Conduct governs standards       – Code of Business Conduct             – Our purpose                                5
                  of conduct in relation to our colleagues, as well    – Health and safety policy             – Key Performance Indicators                16
                  as our stakeholders. We have a confidential          – Bullying and harassment policy       – Our colleagues                            18
                  ‘Protector Line’ allowing any colleague or third     – Diversity and inclusion strategy     – Engaging with our stakeholders            20
                  party to report a violation of the Code of           – Group whistleblowing policy          – Principal risks and uncertainties         31
                  Business Conduct, local law or regulation, or        – Colleague engagement                 – Board leadership and                      55
                  unethical behaviour. In addition, Tesco has                                                   company purpose
                  policies committing to equal opportunities at                                               – Colleague engagement                       57
                  work and to providing a safe and healthy                                                    – Directors’ remuneration report             74
                  working environment.                                                                        – Directors’ Report:                        101
                                                                                                                Employment Policies
Social matters    We are proud to be part of thousands of              – Groceries Supply Code of          – Our purpose                                   5
                  communities around the world. We want to make          Practice                          – Key Performance Indicators                   16
                  a positive difference: through the local people we   – Group whistleblowing policy       – Engaging with our stakeholders               20
                  employ; the local businesses we work with; and       – Our tax principles                – Section 172 statement                        22
                  the local causes we support. We have policies in     – Group charitable donations policy – Principal risks and uncertainties            31
                  place to ensure we act responsibly when it comes     – Responsible retailing of alcohol, – Task Force on Climate-related                41
                  to working with suppliers, paying tax, retailing       tobacco and other age-                 Financial Disclosures
                  age-restricted products and giving to charities.       restricted products
Respect for       We are committed to upholding human rights and       – Human rights policy                  – Principal risks and uncertainties         31
human rights      support in full the United Nations Universal         – Group whistleblowing policy          – Directors’ report: Modern Slavery        103
                  Declaration of Human Rights and the International                                             Statement
                  Labour Organization Core Conventions. We also
                  uphold standards on working hours and health
                  and safety for workers. Our human rights policy
                  sets out how we integrate human rights into our
                  business operations.
Anti-corruption We take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery           – Code of Business Conduct          – Directors’ report: Anti-bribery matters 103
and anti-bribery and to those involved in bribery. Our policy          – Groceries Supply Code of Practice – Board leadership and company purpose 55
matters          requires every Tesco business unit to adopt and       – Group anti-bribery policy
                 implement an effective anti-bribery compliance        – Group gift and entertainment
                 programme and for the policy to be                      policy
                 communicated to all colleagues on an                  – Tesco’s political donations policy
                 annual basis.                                         – Cyber security
                                                                       – Data privacy
How we                                                                                                        – Principal risks and uncertainties          31
manage risk                                                                                                   – TCFD: Climate-related risks                41
Business model                                                                                                – Our purpose                                 5
                                                                                                              – Our market context                         13
                                                                                                              – Our strategic priorities and               14
                                                                                                                performance framework
                                                                                                              – Our Business model                        17
                                                                                                              – Board leadership and company purpose      55
Non-financial     Combining colleague input, customer and stakeholder insight and AI data analysis, we have identified which sustainability issues are
KPIs              most material to Tesco and our stakeholders. Our performance against these issues is tracked using the following KPIs:
                  Climate: percentage reduction of Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions vs 2015 baseline year (see page 40)
                  Healthy sustainable diets: percentage of volume sales from products with a ‘healthy’ health score (see page 12)
                  Diversity and inclusion: percentage gender representation, and percentage ethnicity representation of our top global leaders (see page 19)
                  Waste and packaging: percentage change in tonnes of food wasted as percentage of tonnes of food handled compared with 2016/17
                  baseline year (see page 8)
                  Tesco discloses more information and data, including our SASB disclosure, at www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub.

Policies are available on our website.

This Strategic report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, has been approved and signed on
behalf of the Board.




Robert Welch
Group Company Secretary
12 April 2022

                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022           45
     Corporate governance report




     Chairman’s
                                                                          Group has the right systems and controls to enable the Board
                                                                          and its Committees to effectively oversee the business, providing
                                                                          challenge where necessary.




     letter.
                                                                          A refreshed purpose
                                                                          Our purpose sets out why we exist and drives us to focus on what
                                                                          is important to our stakeholders. This year, we have refreshed our
                                                                          core purpose to reflect our commitment to the communities we
                                                                          serve and the wider environment. As a Board we are responsible
                                                                          for ensuring that the business is purpose-led and our decision
     “Our refreshed purpose keeps customers                               making and activities reflect the core purpose and drive the right
                                                                          behaviours. This means that in every decision we take, and every
      at the heart of what we do, while also                              plan we develop, we will be asking ourselves one simple question:
      reflecting our commitments to the                                   how will it help to serve our customers, communities and planet
                                                                          a little better every day?
      communities we serve and to society
      more broadly.”                                                      Culture and stakeholder engagement
                                                                          How we do business, and the behaviours demonstrated by
                                                                          colleagues across the Group, is of vital importance to the Board.
                                                                          We recognise that culture plays a fundamental role in the delivery
                                                                          of our strategic priorities and the Board is ultimately responsible
                                                                          for ensuring that our activities reflect the culture we wish to
                                                                          instil in our colleagues and other stakeholders to drive the right
                                                                          behaviours. The Board is committed to providing a strong and
                                                                          positive culture and upholding our well-established core values
                                                                          that underline how we run our business:

                                                                          – No one tries harder for our customers.
                                                                          – We treat people how they want to be treated.
                                                                          – Every little help makes a big difference.

                                                                          Our Code of Business Conduct defines how we engage with
                                                                          stakeholders, ensuring that the standards and behaviours of
                                                                          our colleagues are consistent across the Group at all levels
                                                                          of the organisation.
     As I have said earlier in this report, this has been an important
     year for the Company and I am particularly proud of the way          One of my goals as Chairman is to build a culture in which we fully
     Tesco colleagues came together to support each other, our            understand our stakeholders: customers, colleagues, suppliers,
     customers and other stakeholders.                                    shareholders and our communities, and what matters to them, and
                                                                          then act by changing and innovating to meet their needs. At the
     The global pandemic continued to present major challenges            Board there is a clear emphasis on setting the tone from the top
     for travel and physical meetings that the Board would have           and leading by example. Further details on our purpose, values
     expected to conduct throughout the year, but I am pleased            and stakeholder engagement can be found on pages 5 to 8 and
     to report that we were able to continue to operate smoothly          20 to 22.
     and effectively through the use of virtual means. However, we
     were delighted to return to physical meetings towards the end
     of the year and look forward to visiting more stores and
     distribution centres in the coming year.                                    Board deep dives
                                                                                 Throughout the year, the Board calendar includes
     2021/22 saw the Board focus on two key activities: managing the
                                                                                 deep dives into a number of business areas to gain
     ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as industry
                                                                                 a greater depth of knowledge around the business.
     and supply chain challenges; and setting out our new multi-year
     performance framework and the strategic priorities that will help
                                                                                 During the year, the Board was due to visit Tesco
     us to deliver against it.
                                                                                 Ireland to meet with senior management, however,
                                                                                 due to COVID-19 restrictions on travel, the visit
     In 2022/23, the Board looks forward to supporting the Company,
                                                                                 had to be cancelled and the event was held virtually.
     under the leadership of Ken Murphy, as it emerges even stronger
                                                                                 The senior management team in Ireland hosted a
     from the recent period of profound change to capitalise on the
                                                                                 day of presentations on Tesco Ireland, to discuss
     opportunities presented by evolving trends in our markets. To that
                                                                                 the financial and operational performance of the
     end, the Board unanimously supports the focus on the strategic
                                                                                 business, explore opportunities and challenges, and
     priorities that will enable Tesco to build on its unique strengths
                                                                                 understand brand perception within the market.
     and to stay competitive, accelerate growth and generate free
     cash flow. Further details on our strategic priorities can be
                                                                                 The deep dive provided the Board with a detailed
     found on page 14.
                                                                                 insight into the Ireland business, supporting the
                                                                                 Board’s role of oversight and challenge.
     My role as Chairman is to maintain high standards of corporate
     governance and ensure the Board is equipped to carry out its                          Further details of the Board’s
     duties, spending sufficient time on key areas that enable the                         activities during the year can be
     delivery of our strategic priorities. Our corporate governance                        found on pages 58 to 60.
     framework clearly defines responsibilities and ensures that the



46   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                        Corporate governance




Evaluating Board performance
Central to setting the right tone from the top and maintaining
high standards of corporate governance is the review of the
Board’s own performance. An external evaluation was conducted        Compliance with the UK Corporate
in 2021/22 facilitated by Dr Tracy Long of Boardroom Review.         Governance Code
The outcomes of this were well received and the findings
                                                                     The Board is committed to high standards of governance
provide a clear agenda for us to continue to improve as a Board.
                                                                     and believes that during the year the Company was in full
They include continuing to develop and test risk appetite; further
                                                                     compliance with all applicable principles and provisions
development of the sustainability agenda; reviewing the balance
                                                                     set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (Code)
of activities at the Board and its Committees; and a greater focus
                                                                     with the exception of Provision 38 between February 2021
on training, development and succession planning at Board
                                                                     and April 2021. This is because Alan Stewart’s pension
and executive level.
                                                                     contribution rate of 25% of base salary was higher than
                                                                     that of the wider workforce. Once Alan Stewart stepped
In addition, Byron Grote, Senior Independent Director, led the
                                                                     down from the Board on 30 April 2021, the Company was
Directors in evaluating my performance as Chairman. More
                                                                     in full compliance with the Code. The pension contribution
information on these review processes and the results are
                                                                     rates of Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz are aligned with
set out on page 62.
                                                                     those of the wider workforce, at 7.5% of base salary.

Board changes                                                        Pages 46 to 99 of this report form our Corporate
There were three additions to the Board during 2021.                 Governance Statement. Details of how the principles of
Thierry Garnier joined the Board on 30 April 2021, followed by       the Code have been applied can be found throughout this
Bertrand Bodson on 1 June 2021 and Karen Whitworth on 18 June        Corporate governance report, the Strategic report and
2021. All are independent Non-executive Directors. After having      Committee reports:
received a comprehensive induction programme, we look forward
to continuing to work with them on the Board and respective          Board leadership and company purpose
Committees. For more details on their appointments, and the          Chair’s overview                                          46 to 47
work of the Nominations and Governance Committee on                  Purpose, values and strategy                           5-17 and 55
succession planning and Board appointments, please refer to          Corporate governance framework                                  56
pages 63 to 65.                                                      s172 statement                                                  22
                                                                     Stakeholder engagement                          20-21 and 56 to 57
On 30 April 2021, Alan Stewart stepped down from the Board           Board activity                                            58 to 60
and as Chief Financial Officer and was succeeded by Imran Nawaz.     Workforce policies and practices                           18 to 19
We are delighted to have Imran on the Board and have already
benefited from his wealth of skills, experience and knowledge        Division of responsibilities
in the food sector. The Board was sorry to see Mark Armour,
                                                                     Role statements and Board Committees                      53 to 54
Mikael Olsson and Deanna Oppenheimer step down from the
                                                                     Attendance and matters reserved for the Board                   54
Board on 25 June 2021 and we express our gratitude for their
                                                                     Board Committee reports                                   63 to 99
wise counsel and excellent insights.
                                                                     Composition, succession and evaluation
As announced on 25 January 2022, Steve Golsby and Simon
                                                                     Board biographies                                         48 to 51
Patterson will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the
forthcoming AGM. I would like to thank Steve and Simon for           Board composition and succession planning                 61 to 62
their outstanding commitment and invaluable contributions            Annual Board evaluation                                         62
during their time as Non-executive Directors.                        Nominations and Governance Committee                      63 to 65


Following the above changes, the Board comprises 36%                 Audit, risk and internal control
female Directors and two from a minority ethnic group.               Audit Committee                                           68 to 73
Our approach to driving enduring balance within the Board            Principal risks                                           31 to 37
is set out in the Nominations and Governance Committee
report on pages 63 to 65.                                            Remuneration
                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report                            74 to 99
Remuneration
As planned, during the year the Remuneration Committee               UK Corporate Governance Code
undertook a review of the remuneration policy to ensure it           The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) is responsible for
aligns with the new purpose and strategic priorities. We are         the publication and periodic review of the UK Corporate
proposing one change to our remuneration policy: the removal         Governance Code, which can be found on the FRC
of the financial underpin in the annual bonus. In addition, we are   website: www.frc.org.uk.
proposing a change in the implementation of our remuneration
policy to introduce ESG measures into the long-term Performance      Governance on our website
Share Plan. The new remuneration policy will be presented to         Visit our website (www.tescoplc.com/investors/
shareholders for approval at the forthcoming AGM. Further            corporate-governance) to view more details of our
details can be found on pages 80 to 82.                              corporate governance framework including the Schedule
                                                                     of Matters reserved for the Board and our Code of
I look forward to connecting with you at our AGM this year in June   Business Conduct.
and updating you at that time on our progress. Thank you for your
continued support.




John Allan CBE
Non-executive Chairman

                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022             47
     Corporate governance report continued




     Board of Directors.
                                                                                                International and Kraft Foods. He started
       N                                                                                        his career with Deloitte and Philip Morris
       R                                                                                        in corporate audit.
       C
                                                                                                Contribution
                                                                                                Imran has over 20 years’ experience in
                                                                                                the global food industry. Imran’s financial,
                                                                                                strategic, leadership and international
                                                                                                strengths are a valuable asset to Tesco as
     John Allan CBE                                Ken Murphy                                   we deliver on our strategic priorities.
     Non-executive Chairman                        Group Chief Executive
     Appointed March 2015                          Appointed October 2020
                                                                                                External appointments
     (Independent upon appointment)                                                             – None.
                                                   Skills and experience
     Skills and experience                         Ken Murphy joined the Board of Tesco PLC       A
     John has significant board, retail and        on 1 October 2020. Prior to joining Tesco,
                                                                                                   i
     financial experience gained from both the     Ken worked for Walgreens Boots Alliance,
     commercial and financial sectors. He was      Inc. for over 20 years in a number of
     CEO of Exel PLC and, when it was acquired     senior management roles across the
     by Deutsche Post in 2005, he joined the       business. Through his role as executive
     board of Deutsche Post, becoming CFO          vice president, chief commercial officer
     in 2007 until his retirement in 2009. John    and president global brands at Walgreens
     was chairman of Dixons Retail plc during      Boots Alliance, Ken had overall
     its turnaround period and, following its      responsibility for brand strategy and the    Melissa Bethell
     merger with Carphone Warehouse was            commercial offer in the retail businesses    Independent Non-executive
     deputy chairman and senior independent        of Walgreens and Boots. He previously        Director
     director of Dixons Carphone until 2015.       worked for Procter & Gamble and              Appointed September 2018
     He was also previously a non-executive        Coopers & Lybrand (now PwC).
     director of Worldpay Group PLC, National                                                   Skills and experience
     Grid plc, the UK Home Office Supervisory      Contribution                                 Melissa brings to the Board a wealth
     Board, 3i plc, PHS Group plc, Connell plc,    Ken is a growth-orientated business          of international business strategy and
     Royal Mail plc, Wolseley plc and Hamleys      leader with strong commercial, marketing     investment management experience.
     plc, chairman of London First and             and brand experience within retail and       Melissa is currently a partner of Atairos,
     President of the CBI.                         wholesale businesses. He has experience      an equity investment fund backed by
                                                   in global product brand management,          Comcast NBCUniversal. She is managing
     Contribution                                  product development, sales and               partner of the London office and
     John has extensive leadership experience      marketing, sourcing, manufacturing           responsible for Atairos’ investment
     and a wealth of knowledge gained across       and distribution.                            activities in Europe. Melissa was previously
     a number of business sectors, including                                                    a managing director of Bain Capital, where
     retail. As Chairman, he has a deep            External appointments                        she worked for over 18 years and was a
     understanding of governance and what          – None.                                      member of the senior leadership team
     is required to lead an effective Board.                                                    responsible for strategy setting,
                                                                                                fundraising and portfolio management.
     External appointments                                                                      Prior to joining Bain Capital, Melissa
     – Chairman of Barratt Developments PLC;                                                    worked in the capital markets group at
     – Chair of the Council of Imperial College;                                                Goldman Sachs & Co., with a particular
       and                                                                                      focus on media and technology. She was
     – Senior Advisor to PJT Partners.                                                          also previously a director of Ship Midco
                                                                                                Limited and served as a non-executive
                                                                                                director of Samsonite Corporation
                                                                                                (Samsonite International S.A.),
                                                   Imran Nawaz                                  Worldpay Group PLC and Atento S.A.
                                                   Chief Financial Officer
                                                   Appointed May 2021
                                                                                                Contribution
                                                                                                Melissa’s extensive international corporate
                                                   Skills and experience                        experience, with a focus in the financial
                                                                                                and technology sectors, is invaluable in
                                                   Imran has broad financial, strategic and
                                                                                                delivering our strategy.
                                                   international experience gained across
                                                   a number of large multinational
                                                   organisations. Prior to joining Tesco, he
                                                                                                External appointments
                                                   was CFO of Tate & Lyle PLC and held a        – Non-executive director of Diageo PLC;
                                                   number of senior financial roles across      – Partner at Atairos, an independent,
                                                   Europe, the Middle East and Africa, with       private investment firm and managing
                                                   a career of over 16 years at Mondelēz          director of Atairos Europe; and
                                                                                                – Non-executive director of Exor N.V.


48   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




                                                multi-national retailer. At Carrefour he
  C                                             held a number of senior roles, including            R
   i                                            CEO of Carrefour Asia, CEO of Carrefour             C
                                                International and managing director of
                                                                                                    N
                                                supermarkets for Carrefour France, and
                                                was a member of the Carrefour group                 i
                                                executive committee.

                                                Contribution
Bertrand Bodson                                 Thierry brings extensive experience in the       Steve Golsby
                                                retail sector, with a successful track
Independent Non-executive                                                                        Independent Non-executive
                                                record of implementing business
Director                                        transformation and driving leading-edge
                                                                                                 Director
Appointed June 2021                                                                              Appointed October 2016
                                                digital innovation in competitive and
                                                rapidly changing retail environments.
Skills and experience                                                                            Skills and experience
Bertrand is an accomplished business            External appointments                            Steve has a wealth of knowledge of
executive, who has run multi-billion pound                                                       operating internationally, specifically
                                                – Chief executive officer of Kingfisher plc.
businesses, with significant experience of                                                       significant leadership experience in Asia.
digital transformation, technology and the                                                       He has a strong background in consumer
application of AI. He is chief executive          N                                              marketing and held senior executive
officer of Keywords Studios PLC and was           C                                              positions with Bristol-Myers Squibb and
previously chief digital officer at Novartis,                                                    Unilever, before being appointed
chief digital and marketing officer at             i                                             president of Mead Johnson Nutrition, a
Sainsbury’s Argos, executive vice                                                                leading global infant nutrition company,
president for global digital at EMI Music                                                        in 2004. He was president and CEO from
and co-founder and CEO of Bragster.com.                                                          2008 to 2013 and a non-executive director
He has also held senior roles at Amazon                                                          from 2013 to 2017. He was also previously
and started his career at Boston                                                                 a non-executive director of Beam Inc.
Consulting Group.                               Stewart Gilliland                                His extensive international and board
                                                Independent Non-executive                        experience give him invaluable insights
Contribution                                    Director                                         and understanding as Chair of the
Bertrand brings exceptional leadership          Appointed March 2018                             Remuneration Committee.
and business expertise to the Board, as
well as experience in delivering corporate      Skills and experience                            Contribution
transformation programmes while                 Stewart has significant business and             Steve’s extensive experience of building
maintaining a focus on performance.             management experience in international           and developing international businesses,
His significant knowledge of digital and        markets, specifically those in Europe,           together with his operational experience
technology matters gained across a              having previously held roles with leading        and strong background in consumer
number of sectors, including retail,            consumer-facing companies, including             marketing, make him a valuable
enhances the Board’s oversight of these         Whitbread, Mitchells & Butler and                member of the Board. As Chair of
areas and the delivery of the strategy.         Interbrew. He held the position of chief         the Remuneration Committee, he is
                                                executive of Müller Dairies UK and Ireland       responsible for setting and implementing
External appointments                           until 2010. Prior to joining Tesco, he was       the remuneration policy.
– Chief executive officer of Keywords           chairman of Booker Group plc.
  Studios PLC; and                                                                               External appointments
– Member of the Supervisory Board of            Contribution                                     – Advisor to Thai Union Group PLC, a
  Wolters Kluwer NV.                            Stewart has over 20 years’ experience               global leader in the seafood industry;
                                                and knowledge in international marketing,        – Honorary investment advisor to the
                                                logistics and business management,                  Thailand Board of Investment; and
  R                                             having held a number of senior roles,            – External advisor to Bain & Company.
   i                                            predominantly in customer-centric
                                                businesses. The breadth and diversity of         Steve will step down from the Board at the
                                                his experience benefit the Board.                conclusion of the 2022 AGM.

                                                External appointments
                                                – Chairman of C&C Group plc (retiring
                                                  7 July 2022);
Thierry Garnier                                 – Chairman of IG Design Group PLC; and
Independent Non-executive                       – Non-executive director of Chapel Down
                                                  Group plc.
Director
Appointed April 2021

Skills and experience
Thierry has significant retail experience
both in the UK and internationally. Since
2019 he has been chief executive officer
of Kingfisher plc and previously spent
over 20 years at Carrefour, the French




                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022    49
     Corporate governance report continued

     Board of Directors continued
                                                     management and leadership roles. He was      Contribution
       N                                             a member of the founding management          Alison has gained significant business-to-
       A                                             team of the logistics software company       business and international commercial
                                                     Global Freight Exchange and has worked       experience from working for high-profile
       R
                                                     at the Financial Times and McKinsey &        consumer-facing companies. Her former
        i                                            Company. He has previously served on the     membership of the steering group of the
                                                     boards of Skype, MultiPlan, Cegid Group,     Hampton-Alexander Review provides
                                                     Intelsat, Gerson Lehrman Group and N         strategic insights on diversity and
                                                     Brown Group.                                 inclusion.
     Byron Grote
                                                     Contribution                                 External appointments
     Senior Independent Director
                                                     Simon brings to the Board more than          – Chair of Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC;
     Appointed May 2015
                                                     20 years’ experience in senior positions,    – Non-executive director of Spectrum
     Skills and experience                           predominantly in the management                Wellness Holdings Limited; and
                                                     consultancy, technology, digital and         – Advisor to Huntswood CTC Limited.
     Byron brings broad financial and
                                                     finance sectors.
     international experience to the Board,                                                       Alison will take on the role of
     having worked across BP PLC in a variety                                                     Remuneration Committee Chair at the
                                                     External appointments
     of commercial, operational and executive                                                     conclusion of the 2022 AGM.
     roles covering numerous geographies.
                                                     – Managing director of Silver Lake
                                                       Partners, a leading global technology
     Byron’s strategic focus and financial
                                                       investment firm;                             C
     experience complement the balance of
     skills on the Board and make him ideal for
                                                     – Board member of Dell Technologies,
                                                       IVC Evidensia Limited, RAC Limited           R
     the role of Chair of the Audit Committee.
                                                       and ZPG Limited;                              i
     He served on the BP PLC board from 2000
     until 2013 and was BP’s CFO during much
                                                     – Trustee of the Natural History Museum;
                                                       and
     of that period. He was previously a
     non-executive director of Unilever PLC.
                                                     – Vice Chairman of The Royal Foundation
                                                       of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
     Contribution                                    Simon will step down from the Board at       Lindsey Pownall OBE
     Byron brings a wide range of experience         the conclusion of the 2022 AGM.              Independent Non-executive
     and skills including finance, strategy, risk,
     and supply chain logistics through a variety                                                 Director
     of executive and non-executive roles.             N                                          Appointed April 2016
     He is Chair of the Audit Committee,               R
     responsible for leading the Committee                                                        Skills and experience
                                                        i                                         Lindsey has substantial experience
     to ensure effective internal controls and
     risk management systems are in place                                                         in food, grocery and retail brand
     across Tesco.                                                                                development, having enjoyed a career
                                                                                                  of more than 20 years at Samworth
     External appointments                                                                        Brothers, the leading UK supplier of
     – Vice chairman of the Supervisory Board                                                     premium quality chilled and ambient
                                                     Alison Platt CMG                             foods. She joined the Samworth board
       of Akzo Nobel N.V.;                           Independent Non-executive
     – Senior independent director of Anglo                                                       in 2001 and served as chief executive
                                                     Director                                     between 2011 and 2015. Lindsey is a
       American PLC (retiring 19 April 2022);
                                                     Appointed April 2016                         passionate advocate of supplier
       and
     – Non-executive director of Standard                                                         relationships, customers, colleagues
                                                     Skills and experience                        and sustainability which directly support
       Chartered PLC.
                                                     Alison has extensive experience of           Tesco’s strategy and her role as Chair of
                                                     leadership in customer-driven                the Corporate Responsibility Committee.
       A                                             organisations across the healthcare,
        i                                            insurance and property sectors. As CEO       Contribution
                                                     of Countrywide, a position she held until    Lindsey’s in-depth understanding of the
                                                     January 2018, she gained significant         food retail sector and stakeholder focus,
                                                     business-to-business experience adding       together with her wealth of experience
                                                     this to the international experience she     in supply leadership and strategic
                                                     gained while leading a number of Bupa’s      development make her a valuable member
                                                     businesses across Asia, Southern and         of the Board. As Chair of the Corporate
                                                     Eastern Europe and the Middle East.          Responsibility Committee, she is
     Simon Patterson                                 Alison’s experience as a CEO enables her     responsible for the Group’s environmental
     Independent Non-executive                       to provide challenge and advice to the       and social objectives and strategies.
     Director                                        Board across a range of issues. Alison was
     Appointed April 2016                            previously chair of Opportunity Now, a       External appointments
                                                     non-executive director of the Foreign and    – Non-executive director of Story
     Skills and experience                           Commonwealth Office and Cable and              Contracting Limited and Story
     Simon has extensive knowledge and               Wireless Communications PLC.                   Contracting Holdings Limited;
     experience in finance, technology and                                                        – Director of The Ho-So Initiative Limited;
     global operations gained in various                                                            and
                                                                                                  – Independent advisor to GrowUp Urban
                                                                                                    Farms Limited.




50   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                Corporate governance




  A
                                                                                               Key to Board Committees
  C
   i
                                                                                                N   Nominations and Governance
                                                                                                    Committee
                                                                                                A   Audit Committee
                                                                                                R   Remuneration Committee
                                                                                                C   Corporate Responsibility
Karen Whitworth                               Robert Welch                                          Committee
Independent Non-executive                     Group Company Secretary
                                                                                                    Chair of Committee
Director                                      Appointed August 2016
Appointed June 2021                                                                             i   Independent Board member
                                              Skills and experience
                                                                                               Tenure as at 12 April 2022.
Skills and experience                         Robert provides legal and corporate
Karen has significant retail, strategic and   governance advice to the Board. He has
financial experience gained through a         worked as a company secretary for more
number of commercial, operational and         than 25 years during which time he has        Other directors who have
governance roles. Karen was previously a      held the positions of company secretary
                                                                                            served during the year:
supervisory board member and member           at FirstGroup plc and Kazakhmys PLC.
of the audit committee at GS1 UK Limited.     Robert has also held senior positions at      Alan Stewart served as a Director and
She spent over 10 years at J Sainsbury plc,   BPB plc and Kwik Save Group PLC.              Chief Financial Officer until 30 April 2021.
latterly as a member of the commercial                                                      Mark Armour, Mikael Olsson and
board and director of non-food Grocery        He is a member of the executive               Deanna Oppenheimer served as
and new business. Prior to joining J          committee of the Association of General       independent Non-executive Directors
Sainsbury in 2007, she was finance            Counsel and Company Secretaries of FTSE       until 25 June 2021.
director at online entertainment business     100 companies and the ICSA’s Company
BGS Holdings Limited and held a number        Secretaries’ Forum.
of senior roles at Intercontinental Hotels
Group Plc. Her early career was spent at
Coopers & Lybrand (now PwC), where she
qualified as a Chartered Accountant.

Contribution
Karen brings a wealth of experience and
extensive knowledge of the retail sector,
in particular logistics and supply chain,
finance and risk, to the Board.

External appointments
– Non-executive director of The Rank
  Group plc;
– Non-executive director of Tritax Big Box
  REIT plc; and
– Independent advisor to GrowUp Urban
  Farms Limited.




                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022      51
     Corporate governance report continued

     Executive Committee
     Ken Murphy                                    Christine Heffernan                             Matt Simister
     Group Chief Executive                         Group Communications Director                   CEO, Central Europe
     Ken’s full biography appears on page 48.      Christine is responsible for building           Matt is responsible for all of Tesco’s
                                                   Tesco’s reputation, leading Tesco’s             businesses in the Czech Republic,
     Imran Nawaz                                   external and internal communications,           Hungary and Slovakia.
     Chief Financial Officer                       public affairs, community and                   Matt joined Tesco in 1996 as a marketer.
     Imran’s full biography appears on page 48.    campaigns agenda.                               He built on his UK experience with three
                                                   Christine joined the Executive Committee        years as Commercial Director for our
     Natasha Adams                                 in March 2019 having joined Tesco Ireland       Czech and Slovak businesses. Following
     CEO, Tesco Ireland                            in 2014 as Corporate Affairs Director.          this, he returned to the UK to set up
     Natasha is responsible for Tesco’s            Christine has previously worked in the          Tesco’s Group Food capability. In April 2017,
     businesses in ROI.                            financial, energy and telecoms sectors.         Matt was appointed to his current role
                                                                                                   as CEO, Central Europe.
     Natasha joined Tesco in 1998 as a
     Personnel Manager and then served in          Gerry Mallon                                    Matt joined the Executive Committee in
     a range of store-focused roles. Prior to      Chief Executive, Tesco Bank                     April 2017.
     being appointed to her current role,          Gerry is responsible for leading Tesco
     she was Chief People Officer.                 Bank.                                           Jason Tarry
     Natasha joined the Executive Committee        Gerry has held a number of leadership           CEO, UK & ROI
     in June 2018.                                 roles in financial services. Prior to joining   Jason is responsible for all of Tesco’s
                                                   Tesco, Gerry served as chief executive          businesses in the UK & ROI.
     Alessandra Bellini                            officer of Ulster Bank Ireland and was          Jason joined Tesco in October 1990 on the
     Chief Customer Officer                        chief executive officer of Danske Bank UK       graduate recruitment programme. He has
                                                   (formerly Northern Bank). Earlier in his        held a number of positions in the UK and
     Alessandra is responsible for building
                                                   career, Gerry held roles at Bank of Ireland,    internationally across both food and
     the Tesco brand globally and putting
                                                   McKinsey & Company and the UK Civil             non-food divisions. Jason became CEO for
     the customer at the heart of everything
                                                   Service.                                        clothing across the Group in 2012, before
     that we do.
                                                   He joined the Executive Committee in            being appointed as Chief Product Officer
     Prior to joining Tesco in 2017, Alessandra
                                                   August 2018.                                    in January 2015. In July 2018, Jason was
     worked at Unilever for over 21 years,
                                                                                                   appointed to his current role of CEO,
     latterly as vice president for the food
     category in North America and food            Adrian Morris                                   UK & ROI.
     general manager for the USA. Previously,      Group General Counsel                           Jason joined the Executive Committee
     she had a 12-year career in advertising,      Adrian is responsible for the legal,            in January 2015.
     working both in Italy and the UK.             company secretarial, group security,
                                                   resilience, regulatory and compliance           Emma Taylor
     Alessandra joined the Executive               functions across Tesco PLC.
     Committee in March 2017.                                                                      Chief People Officer
                                                   Prior to joining Tesco, Adrian worked at        Emma is responsible for setting the people
     Guus Dekkers                                  BP PLC as associate general counsel for         strategy and plans at Tesco, including
     Chief Technology Officer                      refining and marketing and prior to that at     reward, colleague experience and capability.
                                                   Centrica PLC, initially as European group       Emma joined Tesco in 2001 as part of the
     Guus is responsible for all consumer-
                                                   general counsel and then as general             Tesco graduate scheme, and worked as
     facing enterprise technologies and related
                                                   counsel for British Gas. He is also a           part of store management teams before
     services, spanning stores, online, supply
                                                   non-executive director of Moorfields            following her passion for people and
     chain and digital across the Group.
                                                   Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.              moving into the People team. Emma has
     Guus joined Tesco in 2018 having
                                                   Adrian joined the Executive Committee           worked in a variety of People roles at
     previously worked at a number of major
                                                   in September 2012 and joined the Tesco          Tesco, across large stores, convenience
     international companies, including Airbus,
                                                   Bank Board in April 2021.                       and in Head Office, and became People
     Volkswagen, Siemens, Continental and
                                                                                                   Director, UK and ROI in 2018, also joining
     Johnson Controls, gaining extensive
     multicultural experience of driving           Ashwin Prasad                                   the UK Leadership team.
     large-scale technology transformation         Chief Product Officer                           Emma is a Tesco Pension Trustee.
     and change programmes.                        Ashwin is responsible for the strategy and
                                                                                                   Emma joined the Executive Committee
                                                   policy for the planning, ranging, sourcing
     Guus joined the Executive Committee                                                           in March 2022.
                                                   and supply of the products we sell across
     in May 2021.                                  the Group. In addition, he has direct
                                                   responsibility for managing this for the UK.    Andrew Yaxley
                                                                                                   CEO, Booker
                                                   Ashwin joined Tesco in 2010 from Mars Inc.      Andrew is responsible for the Booker
                                                   He has worked across a number of                business.
                                                   product divisions as a Category Director
                                                   and Commercial Director.                        Andrew joined Tesco in 2001 from Mars Inc.
                                                                                                   He has worked across a number of product
                                                   Ashwin joined the Executive Committee           divisions including as Commercial Director
                                                   in September 2020.                              for our Czech and Slovak businesses. He
                                                                                                   became Managing Director of the London
                                                                                                   business in 2013 and then CEO, ROI in 2015.
                                                                                                   In 2018 Andrew returned to the UK to take
                                                                                                   up the role of Chief Product Officer and in
                                                                                                   2020 was appointed CEO, Booker.
                                                                                                   Andrew joined the Executive Committee in
                                                                                                   July 2018.


52   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                           Corporate governance




Division of responsibilities.
                                                       The Board
               The Board has a clear division of responsibilities between the running of the Board and running the
             business of the Group. The roles of the Chairman, Group Chief Executive, Senior Independent Director
                       and independent Non-executive Director are set out in separate role statements.


Chairman                          Group Chief Executive            Senior Independent               Independent Non-
The Chairman is responsible       The Group Chief Executive        Director                         executive Director
for the effective leadership      has day-to-day                   The Senior Independent           The Non-executive
of the Board and maintaining      responsibility for the           Director provides a sounding     Directors bring insight and
a culture of openness and         effective management of          board for the Chairman and       experience to the Board.
transparency at Board             the Group and for ensuring       acts as an intermediary for      They have a responsibility
meetings. The Chairman also       that Board decisions are         the Non-executive                to constructively challenge
promotes effective                implemented. They play a         Directors. The Senior            the strategies proposed by
communication between             key role in devising and         Independent Director is          the Executive Directors;
Executive and Non-executive       reviewing Group strategies       available to shareholders        scrutinise the performance
Directors and ensures all         for discussion and approval      should they have any             of management in achieving
Directors effectively             by the Board. The Group          concerns, where                  agreed goals and objectives;
contribute to discussions         Chief Executive is also          communication through            and play leading roles in the
and feel comfortable in           tasked with providing regular    normal channels has not          functioning of the Board
engaging in healthy debate        operational updates to the       been successful or where         Committees, bringing an
and constructive challenge.       Board on all matters of          such channels are                independent view to the
The Chairman ensures all          significance relating to the     inappropriate. The Senior        discussion.
Directors receive accurate,       Group’s businesses or            Independent Director meets
timely and clear information      reputation and for ensuring      with the Non-executive
to assist them to make their      effective communication          Directors at least annually
decisions, identifies training    with shareholders and other      when leading the Non-
and development needs as          key stakeholders.                executive Directors’
required, and ensures new                                          appraisal of the Chairman’s
Directors receive                                                  performance.
appropriately tailored
induction programmes.




                                            Board Committees
                 The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to four key Board Committees. These are each
                 chaired by a Non-executive Director, focusing on specific areas of the Board’s responsibilities.


Audit Committee                   Corporate                        Nominations and                  Remuneration
Provides independent              Responsibility                   Governance Committee             Committee
assessment and oversight          Committee                        Reviews the size,                Determines remuneration
of financial reporting            Oversees and monitors the        composition, tenure and          policy and packages for
processes. It oversees, on        Group’s environmental and        skills of the Board. It also     Executive Directors and
behalf of the Board, the          social obligations, especially   leads the process for new        senior managers, having
risk management strategy,         those that support Tesco’s       appointments, monitors           regard to pay across the
risk appetite and the             sustainability strategy and      Board and senior                 Group.
effectiveness of internal         material issues identified.      management succession            For more information see
control processes. It also                                         planning, reviewing the
                                  For more information, see                                         pages 74 to 99.
oversees the effectiveness                                         talent pipeline and talent
of the internal and external      pages 66 and 67.
                                                                   management, and considers
audit functions.                                                   independence, diversity,
For more information, see                                          inclusion and Group
pages 68 to 73.                                                    governance matters.
                                                                   For more information see
                                                                   pages 63 to 65.



     Directors’ role statements and the Committee terms
     of reference are available on our website at www.tescoplc.com


                                                                               Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   53
     Corporate governance report continued

     Division of responsibilities continued
     Board and Committee meetings
     Regular Board and Committee meetings are scheduled throughout
     the year. Wherever possible the Board and Committees met in
     person but some meetings were also held virtually due to                                                   Summary of matters reserved
     COVID-19 restrictions.                                                                                     for the Board
                                                                                                                The Board has adopted a formal schedule of matters
     The Board held six scheduled meetings and additional strategy and
                                                                                                                reserved for its attention, detailing matters that are
     planning days during the year, which included presentations by
                                                                                                                considered of significance to the Group owing to
     senior management on each of the business areas.
                                                                                                                their strategic, financial or reputational importance.
                                                                                                                The Nominations and Governance Committee
     Directors are expected to attend all Board and relevant Committee
                                                                                                                reviews the schedule of matters reserved for the
     meetings. The table below shows their record of attendance at the
                                                                                                                Board annually and proposes them to the Board
     scheduled Board and Committee meetings. In the rare event of a
                                                                                                                for adoption. Below is a summary of matters
     Director being unable to attend a Board or Committee meeting,
                                                                                                                reserved for the Board:
     the Chair of the respective meeting discusses the matters
     proposed with the Director concerned wherever possible,                                                    – Group strategy, operating plans, long-term
     seeking their support and feedback accordingly. The Chair                                                      plans and budget;
     subsequently represents those views at the meeting. During the                                             – changes to corporate and capital structure;
     year, the Non-executive Directors met with the Chairman without                                            – major acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures
     the Executive Directors being present on several occasions.                                                    and disposals;
                                                                                                                – significant capital expenditure and borrowing;
     The Board is supported by the activities of the Board Committees,                                          – material contracts;
     which ensure specific matters receive the right level of attention                                         – risk management and internal control;
     and consideration. The composition of each Committee is reviewed                                           – changes to the pension scheme;
     by the Nominations and Governance Committee at least annually.                                             – financial reporting and disclosures;
     The Committee also reviews Board composition and succession                                                – review of remuneration policies and share
     planning. Cross-Committee membership provides visibility and                                                   schemes; and
     awareness of matters relevant across the Committees.                                                       – dividend policy and payment.
     Each Committee Chair provides a written and verbal update on
     Committee activities to the Board after each Committee meeting                                                         The full schedule can be found
     and Committee papers and minutes are shared with all Directors.                                                        at www.tescoplc.com/investors/
     Matters considered by each of the Committees are set out in                                                            corporate-governance
     the Committee terms of reference. These can be found at
     www.tescoplc.com/investors/corporate-governance.

     The Board delegates responsibility for the day-to-day operational
     management of the Company to the Group Chief Executive, who is
     supported by the Executive Committee, Group risk and compliance
     committee and other committees. The Board has delegated
     authority to the Disclosure committee to consider timely and
     accurate disclosure of sensitive information. Disclosure
     committee meetings are convened when the need arises.


     Board and Committee attendance(a)                                                                                                                                  Chair of Committee

                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                      Nominations and                  Responsibility          Remuneration
                                                                                 Board          Audit Committee Governance Committee                     Committee               Committee
     John Allan  (b)
                                                                                   5/6                          –                     3/4                       3/3                    4/5
     Melissa Bethell                                                               6/6                       5/5                        –                         –                      –
     Bertrand Bodson(c)                                                            5/5                          –                       –                       3/3                      –
     Thierry Garnier(c)                                                            5/5                          –                       –                         –                    4/4
     Stewart Gilliland                                                             6/6                        1/1                     4/4                       3/3                      –
     Steve Golsby(d)                                                               5/6                          –                     2/3                       2/3                    5/5
     Byron Grote                                                                   6/6                       5/5                      4/4                         –                    5/5
     Ken Murphy                                                                    6/6                          –                       –                         –                      –
     Imran Nawaz(e)                                                                5/5                          –                       –                         –                      –
     Simon Patterson                                                               6/6                       5/5                        –                         –                      –
     Alison Platt                                                                  6/6                          –                     4/4                         –                    5/5
     Lindsey Pownall                                                               6/6                          –                       –                       3/3                    4/4
     Karen Whitworth(c)                                                            4/4                       4/4                        –                       3/3                      –
     (a) This table shows details of scheduled Board and Committee meetings. Mark Armour, Mikael Olsson and Deanna Oppenheimer stood down from the Board and relevant
         Committees on 25 June 2021.
     (b) John Allan was absent from Board and Committee meetings in April 2021 due to ill health. Deanna Oppenheimer, as Senior Independent Director, acted as Chair in his absence.
     (c) Thierry Garnier, Bertrand Bodson and Karen Whitworth joined the Board as independent Non-executive Directors on 30 April 2021, 1 June 2021 and 18 June 2021 respectively.
     (d) Steve Golsby was unable to attend a Board meeting, a Nominations and Governance Committee meeting and a Corporate Responsibility Committee meeting during the year due to a
         commitment pre-dating the scheduling of the meetings.
     (e) Imran Nawaz joined the Board on 1 May 2021 following Alan Stewart’s retirement on 30 April 2021.




54   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                             Corporate governance




Board leadership and
company purpose.
Our core purpose of ‘Serving our customers,                                 Reviewing our strategy
communities and planet a little better                                      Against a backdrop of significant change in the retail
every day’ keeps customers at the heart                                     sector and increasing importance of environmental and
                                                                            social considerations, the Board reviewed the Company’s
of what we do, while also reflecting our                                    strategy at a number of meetings during the year.
responsibilities to the communities we
                                                                            The Board discussed at length the rationale behind the
serve and to society more broadly.                                          changes to the purpose and the meaning and drivers
                                                                            behind each word. With input from members of the
The Board has overall responsibility for establishing the Company’s         Executive Team, the Board reviewed the updated
purpose, values and strategy to deliver our long-term sustainable           ambitions and how progress would be measured.
success and generate value for shareholders and other stakeholders,         The Board considered the challenges to achieving
while being aligned with our culture. In implementing this, the Board       these ambitions and where improvements would
ensures the Group is suitably resourced to deliver on its strategic         need to be made across the business. Engagement
priorities through a culture which drives the right behaviours.             with colleagues was also an important issue, to ensure
The Board receives updates on key elements of the people                    awareness and understanding of the new purpose and
strategy which provides insight into a variety of areas including           strategy so that colleagues felt part of the journey.
culture, diversity, inclusion, talent management, future capability,
succession planning and colleague engagement. During the year,              The Board agreed the refreshed purpose and updated
the Board undertook a strategic review assessing the Company’s              strategy in October 2021. The multi-year performance
direction, future priorities and performance framework.                     framework, which would be used to guide actions and
                                                                            track progress over the coming years and the four
          More detail on the activities of the Board                        supporting strategic priorities were announced in
          can be found on pages 58 to 60.                                   October 2021.

Our culture drives our behaviour                                            Following the approval of the new strategy, the Board
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the culture in which             received further detailed updates on the long-term
we operate drives the right behaviours. The Board and senior                plan for each of the business areas and continues to
management set the tone from the top and lead by example.                   receive updates on its delivery.
Our Code of Business Conduct defines the standards and
behaviours expected of colleagues, and is a fundamental                                Further information on the refreshed
part of our culture and training to support our values. All new                        purpose and strategy can be found on
colleagues are required to complete training on the Code of                            pages 5 to 8 and 14 to 17.
Business Conduct within five days of joining Tesco. Annual
refresher training is also required. In addition, ‘Protector Line’
allows colleagues and suppliers to raise concerns regarding
misconduct and any breaches of the Code of Business Conduct.
The Audit Committee routinely receives updates on compliance
with the Code of Business Conduct and matters raised through
‘Protector Line’. These are subject to independent investigation
and, where necessary, reports are made to the Board.




Our values put into practice
Our culture comes to life through our three values, which remain
unchanged. These values underpin our purpose and have become a                                    We treat               Every little
vital part of our culture, supporting our growth and success across     No one tries
                                                                                                people how             help makes a
the Group. They ensure that every person at Tesco understands            harder for
                                                                                                they want to           big difference
what is most important to us – understanding our customers and           customers
                                                                                                 be treated
their needs, working as a team in a respectful and supportive way,
and showing that when we add up all the small things we do, Tesco
can make a big difference to the issues customers, colleagues,
communities and wider society care about.




                                                                               Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022    55
     Corporate governance report continued

     Board leadership and company purpose continued
     Corporate governance framework                                          these views form an integral part of decision making. We also
     Having an effective corporate governance framework defines              take other factors into account that we consider relevant to
     responsibilities, helps the Board to deliver the Group’s strategy and   our decision making, including the interests and views of
     is vital to its decision making. It supports long-term sustainable      the communities we operate in, Tesco pensioners and our
     growth while operating within a framework of effective controls.        relationship with regulators and non-governmental organisations.
     Having the right systems and controls in place ensure the Board
     and its Committees effectively oversee the business, maintain           A key consideration when making decisions is for the Board to
     the highest standards of corporate governance and allow Directors       balance the needs of our stakeholders. The Board acknowledges
     to provide challenge where necessary. The Board has overall             that every decision it makes will not necessarily result in a positive
     responsibility for ensuring adequate resource is available to deliver   outcome for all stakeholders. However, by considering the
     on its strategic priorities. The Board has a delegation of authority    Company’s purpose, vision and values together with its strategic
     schedule in place to ensure the Board has the right level of            priorities and decision-making process, the Board aims to ensure
     oversight for matters that are material to the Group. The Board has     that its decisions are consistent and predictable.
     established a risk management framework to manage and report
     the risks we face as a business, which are reviewed on at least an      The Annual General Meeting provides a valuable opportunity each
     annual basis. The Board also undertakes a robust assessment of          year for shareholders to hear from the Board, and for the Board to
     the Company’s emerging and principal risks. Efficient internal          hear from our shareholders. Despite the COVID-19 restrictions, our
     reporting, effective internal controls and oversight of current and     virtual shareholder event in June 2021 ensured we could continue
     emerging risks are embedded into our business processes, which          to engage with our shareholders. The Board looks forward to
     align to our strategic priorities, purpose and values. The Board,       meeting with and hearing from shareholders at the AGM this year.
     with the support of its Committees, places great importance on
     ensuring we achieve a high level of governance across the Group.        In support of Directors’ section 172 duties, the Board receives
                                                                             insights through customer, colleague, supplier and shareholder
               More information on risk management and internal              engagement into how we are perceived, what our stakeholders
               controls can be found on pages 31 to 37 and 72.               want and how they want to be treated.

     If Directors have concerns about the Company or a proposed
     action which cannot be resolved, it is recorded in the Board
     minutes. No such concerns were raised in 2021/22. Directors
     are required to report actual or potential conflicts of interest               Customers: Everything we do begins and ends with
     to the Board for consideration and, if appropriate, authorisation.             our customers. The Board recognises that making
     If such conflicts exist, Directors excuse themselves from                      a difference starts with listening to customers, so
     consideration of the relevant matter. The Company maintains a                  understanding their needs and how they vary across
     register of authorised conflicts of interest which is reviewed                 our Group is paramount to our success. Through
     annually by the Nominations and Governance Committee.                          product development and innovation we can meet
                                                                                    the customers’ changing needs.
     The Group Company Secretary, through the Chairman, is responsible
     for advising the Board on all governance matters and for ensuring              Colleagues: Looking after our colleagues in a culture
     that Board procedures are followed, applicable rules and regulations           of trust and respect is essential to the success of
     are complied with, and that due account is taken of relevant codes             Tesco and is embedded in the business. The Board
     of best practice. The Group Company Secretary is also responsible              recognises the need to create conditions that foster
     for ensuring communication flows between the Board and its                     talent and encourage all colleagues to achieve their
     Committees, and between senior management and Non-executive                    full potential in an environment where ‘Everyone is
     Directors. All Directors have access to the advice of the Group                Welcome’ and colleagues feel recognised and
     Company Secretary and, in appropriate circumstances, may                       rewarded for the work they do together. The Board is
     obtain independent professional advice at the Company’s expense.               committed to providing an open and inclusive culture,
     In addition, a Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance policy is          where colleagues have the opportunity to get on and
     maintained for all Directors and each Director has the benefit of              where they are supported in their development.
     a deed of indemnity. The appointment and removal of the Group
     Company Secretary is a matter reserved for the Board as a whole.               Suppliers: The Board places great importance on
                                                                                    ensuring suppliers are treated fairly in alignment with
     Board visits                                                                   our values. This is a key aspect of nurturing long-term
     Due to ongoing COVID-19 restrictions, the Board has not had the                relationships and building trusted partnerships with
     opportunity to undertake overseas visits this year. Instead the                our suppliers. It enables us to provide the best
     Board has received presentations by senior management from all                 products at the best prices for our customers,
     regions and business functions allowing the Board to keep abreast              and a great platform for our suppliers to grow.
     of developments and to continue engaging with local management.
     On a number of occasions Non-executive Directors visited stores,               Shareholders: The Board makes all decisions with
     distribution centres and other sites in the UK with the Chairman               Tesco’s success and the interests of its stakeholders
     and senior management.                                                         in mind. A key objective of the Board is to create value
                                                                                    for shareholders and deliver long-term, sustainable
               Details of the Board’s activities during the year                    growth. Members of the Board, senior management
               can be found on pages 58 to 60.                                      and Investor Relations hold regular meetings with
                                                                                    existing and potential institutional investors and
     Stakeholder engagement                                                         analysts to understand their views and policies.
     The Board is accountable to stakeholders for ensuring the Group
     is appropriately managed and achieves its objectives in a way
     that is supported by the right culture and behaviours. The Board
     spends time listening to and understanding the views of its key                   More information on engaging with our
     stakeholders and, when discussing matters at Board meetings,                      stakeholders can be found on pages 20 to 22.


56   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                   Corporate governance




Colleague engagement
The Board engages with colleagues throughout the year receiving feedback from the Colleague Contribution Panels (CCPs) and employee
surveys. We have three CCPs representing the workforce across all areas of the Group. Each of these is hosted by an independent
Non-executive Director and meets every six months to discuss matters of importance to colleagues and allows the Non-executive Director to
share the views and activities of the Board and its Committees. Following Mikael Olsson’s retirement from the Board, Alison Platt was
appointed to host the Central Europe CCP.




                                                                       Board




  Central Europe CCP                                 UK & ROI CCP                                 UK Subsidiaries CCP
  Chair – Alison Platt                               Chair – Byron Grote                          Chair – Byron Grote
  Attended by representatives from                   Attended by representatives from             Attended by representatives from
  Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia               Stores, Fulfilment, Distribution,            Booker, Tesco Café, One Stop,
                                                     Head Office, customer engagement             dunnhumby, Tesco Maintenance,
                                                     centre and ROI                               Oakwood, Tesco Bank and Tesco
                                                                                                  Business Services Bengaluru



Colleagues can self nominate themselves to be a representative,
detailing why they would be suitable for the role. Selection is then
completed following the individual business area process, with
successful representative being appointed for two to three years.                 Alison’s appointment as chair of the
                                                                                  Central Europe CCP
Since the establishment of the CCPs in 2019/20, they have evolved
                                                                                  “I welcomed the opportunity to host the Central Europe
to become a forum for two-way discussion between the Board and
                                                                                  CCP which allows me to obtain a greater understanding of
colleagues where representatives are comfortable to raise issues
                                                                                  the issues, challenges and opportunities in Central Europe.
and ask questions. The forum facilitates open discussions and
ensures that the Board is aware of the views of the workforce.
                                                                                  Having a designated independent Non-executive Director
It has provided a platform for colleagues to bring new ideas to
                                                                                  for each region allows a deeper understanding of specific
the table including improvements for regional communications,
                                                                                  colleague-related matters in each country, ensures
safety measures through COVID-19 and creating synergies across
                                                                                  continuity for the representatives and allows better,
the Tesco business.
                                                                                  more informed decisions to be made in the long-term
                                                                                  interests of the Company and its stakeholders.
Last year the CCPs met in June and November. Due to ongoing
COVID-19 restrictions, the meetings were held virtually. Over
                                                                                  Meeting twice-yearly provides a forum for us to exchange
the period, Directors gave an update on Board activity, including
                                                                                  insights, perspectives, and ideas as well as giving the
the changes to the Group with the sale of the Asia and Poland
                                                                                  representatives the opportunity to provide feedback
businesses; repayment of business rates; Board composition
                                                                                  on topical issues and express any concerns within the
changes; and the renewed purpose and strategic priorities.
                                                                                  business they represent.
Themes raised by representatives in the latest CCPs focused on
                                                                                  I look forward to continuing to work with the
remuneration, innovation and technology. Representatives fed
                                                                                  representatives in Central Europe in the future.”
back that colleagues were pleased to see the introduction of the
ESG measures in the long-term Performance Share Plan and that
the business was moving in the right direction in innovation and
technology, although how we promote our initiatives to customers                  Alison Platt
and colleagues could be improved. During each CCP meeting, there                  Independent Non-executive Director
is an open ‘what’s on your mind’ session allowing representatives
to raise any matters of concern.
                                                                                           More information on colleague
                                                                                           engagement can be found in Our
In addition to the CCPs, we engage with contractors through a
                                                                                           colleagues section on pages 18 and 19.
survey to obtain their views. The main focus of contractors, related
to concerns around the impact of tax legislation, IR35, which had
recently been extended to cover contractors in the private sector.

Following the CCPs, the Board receives updates directly from
each Non-executive Director. The representatives feed back to              In addition to CCPs, the Board receives updates on the colleagues’
colleagues within their business units and receive progress updates        views, which are measured through the annual Every Voice Matters
on identified actions. The Board welcomes the insight the CCPs             survey and more regular colleague pulse surveys, with the objective
offer on the views of the workforce and the issues that matter             of taking any required action to improve how colleagues feel about
most to our colleagues and contractors.                                    Tesco and its direction.




                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022      57
     Corporate governance report continued




     Board activity.
                                                                                 Key to stakeholders            Key to KPIs
     Time spent between activities
                                       35% Strategy                                    Customers                 1 Grow sales
                                       23% Operational performance                                               2 Deliver profit
                                       21% Financial performance                       Colleagues                3 Improve operating cashflow
                                           and risk                                                              4 Customers recommend us
                                       21% Governance (including                       Suppliers                   and come back time and again
                                           culture and stakeholder
                                                                                       Shareholders              5 Colleagues recommend us as
                                           matters)                                                                a great place to work and shop
                                                                                                                 6 Build trusted partnerships




     The Board has a detailed programme of activities that ensures operational and financial performance, risk, governance, strategy, culture
     and stakeholder matters are discussed frequently to support Directors’ oversight and understanding. This ensures that any consideration
     and decision making is appropriate for the business, our stakeholders and the markets in which we operate. During the year, the Board
     reviewed and approved entry into material contracts taking into consideration the associated operational and financial benefits and risks.
     It also considered the impact on all stakeholders including financial returns, security of supply, improved pricing and quality of products.

     The Board holds an annual strategic planning session at which senior managers present on each of our global business areas. The aim is
     to better understand market trends, technology developments, innovation and people strategies. It also explores the culture, behaviours,
     diversity and inclusion supporting the long-term planning and strategic direction of the Group. Updates to the Board from the Group Chief
     Executive, the Chief Financial Officer and other members of senior management are scheduled in respect of all material matters to ensure
     the delivery of strategy in line with our purpose and values.

     The table on the following pages sets out the key topics the Board reviewed, discussed and debated during the year. These were in addition
     to the annual cycle of matters the Board reviews.

     Matters considered              Outcome                                     Benefits and considerations
     – Strategic review              – Strategy sessions discussed the           – Having a clear strategic direction          Stakeholders
                                       proposed updates to the Group                for the short, medium and long term
                                       strategy and refreshed purpose               and understanding our stakeholder
                                       announced in October 2021                    expectations is vital for the delivery
                                     – The Board also reviewed the strategy         of our strategic priorities                Link to KPIs
                                       for each of the business areas                                                           1 2 3 4 5 6
     – Group Chief Executive         – An overview of the operational and        – The Board has delegated authority           Stakeholders
       and Chief Financial Officer     financial performance of the business       to the Group Chief Executive for
       operational and financial       was provided at each meeting                the day-to-day management of
       updates                       – Periodic updates on sales, profit,          the business
                                       cashflow, stakeholders and progress       – Performance updates from the                Link to KPIs
                                       against the six KPIs                        Group Chief Executive and Chief              1 2 3 4 5 6
                                                                                   Financial Officer provide oversight
                                                                                   of the business and the impact
                                                                                   actions may have on stakeholders
     – Business updates from       – Provided an overview of opportunities       – This oversight supported the Board          Stakeholders
       Tesco Bank, Booker,           and challenges facing the different           with its strategic decision making
       dunnhumby, Tesco Mobile       business areas                              – Enabled the Board to identify
       and F&F, including the      – Provided insight into a variety of            opportunities and risks, and put in
       operational impact of         stakeholder-related matters                   place plans as necessary                    Link to KPIs
       COVID-19                                                                                                                 1 2 3 4 5 6
     – Regional updates on our
       businesses in the UK & ROI,
       and Central Europe




58   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                         Corporate governance




Matters considered              Outcome                                     Benefits and considerations
– Review of financial position, – Refreshed capital allocation              – Board oversight supports the strategic        Stakeholders
  going concern and viability     framework, and review of                    direction and long-term viability and
  of the Group                    shareholder returns and                     ensures that future liabilities can be
– Progress against the            dividend policy                             met in line with stakeholder
  long-term plan and budget     – Management of the Group debt                expectations                                  Link to KPIs
– Review of balance sheet         capital markets activities including      – Through the issuance of sustainability-        1 2 3
  and debt metric                 new issuance of a £400m                     linked bonds, consideration is given
– Updates on sales, profit,       sustainability-linked bond                  to the Group’s decarbonisation
  cashflow and capital            under the Euro-Medium Term Note             commitment and the alignment with
  expenditure in all regions      (EMTN) Programme                            the sustainability strategy
– Review of funding and
  liquidity plans
– Risk management               – Approval of the outcomes of the           – The Board reviews the most significant        Stakeholders
  framework                       risk assessment                              or principal risks facing the Group.
– Updates on principal and      – Agreement to the principal risks             Strengthening the risk and internal
  emerging risks                  and how our business mitigates or            control environment is fundamental
– Risks, including principal      reduces the risks                            to Tesco’s governance framework.             Link to KPIs
  risks as appropriate, are     – Validation of the key movements              The Board and Audit Committee                 2 4 5 6
  also discussed through the      in the risk identified                       regularly review progress
  other matters considered      – Understanding of the emerging risks
– Product supplier and          – Alignment of our product supplier and     – Overseen by the Board and Corporate           Stakeholders
  sourcing strategy               sourcing strategy to the refreshed          Responsibility Committee, provides
                                  purpose, strategic priorities and           visibility of progress against our
                                  sustainability strategy                     sustainability strategy and delivery
                                – Established a clear supplier                against KPIs                                  Link to KPIs
                                  segmentation and engagement               – To further build upon open,                    4 6
                                  strategy                                    transparent and trusted partnerships
                                – Developed a structured approach to          with our suppliers and deliver against
                                  sourcing and strategic partnerships         our Groceries Supply Code of Practice
                                                                              (GSCOP) commitments
– Technology and innovation     – Updates included operational              – The Board’s oversight of the data and         Stakeholders
  deep dives                      infrastructure, technical capabilities,      technology strategy ensures the
                                  cyber and data privacy                       business moves forward through
                                – Implementation of improved                   technology and innovation to meet the
                                  technology in support of our strategic       needs of customers and colleagues            Link to KPIs
                                  priorities and alignment of                                                                1 4 5 6
                                  infrastructure across the business
                                – Review of innovation in line with the
                                  refreshed purpose and strategic
                                  priorities
– Property review               – Review of property portfolio resulting    – Updates to the Board provide it with          Stakeholders
                                  in the sale of a number of Central           visibility of the property portfolio to
                                  Europe shopping malls                        ensure it is properly managed and
                                – Property valuation and portfolio             accounted for
                                  review including a review of property                                                     Link to KPIs
                                  joint venture arrangements                                                                 2 3
– Health and safety updates     – Identification of safety priorities and– The Board places significant                     Stakeholders
  focusing on people safety       improvements in overall safety culture   importance on looking after the safety
  and safety framework            and behaviour                            of colleagues, customers and anyone
                                – Improvements through our                 else impacted by our business
                                  transformation programme with          – The Board is responsible for ensuring            Link to KPIs
                                  a review of data and insights            Tesco is a safe place to work and shop            4 5
                                – Development of a broader
                                  framework of safety metrics
– Customer Insight update       – Through the use of multiple data          – This insight into our customers is used       Stakeholders
                                  sources including trends influencing        to inform our decisions
                                  consumer spend and habits globally,       – The Board evaluates propositions to
                                  we have an understanding of our             ensure the business learn and improve
                                  customers’ needs to develop                 continuously to meet customers’               Link to KPIs
                                  products and propositions for               current and future needs                       1 2 4 5 6
                                  the future
– Investor Relations: Investor – Understanding of investors’ strategic      – Ensures shareholder sentiment is              Stakeholders
  views and key market issues     and performance expectations of Tesco        understood and considered when
                                – Visibility of market conditions,             making decisions
                                  share price performance and
                                  the future outlook                                                                        Link to KPIs
                                – Feedback on specific investor meetings                                                     1 2 3



                                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   59
     Corporate governance report continued

     Board activity continued
     Matters considered     Outcome                                                 Benefits and considerations
     – Culture, diversity   – Colleague Contribution Panels improve                 – Understanding what is important to      Stakeholders
       and inclusion          our understanding of the views of the                    our colleagues allows the Board to
     – Talent, succession     workforce to strengthen the colleague                    ensure the culture within which we
       and development        voice in the Boardroom                                   operate and provides colleagues
     – Review of annual     – Analysis of results and development action plans         with opportunities to get on.          Link to KPIs
       people plan            from the annual Every Voice Matters colleague            Treating colleagues with respect        5
                              engagement survey and regular pulse surveys              and compassion is essential to
                            – Oversight of diversity and inclusion, management         building a culture of trust, a
                              succession plans and talent management to                necessary component in our
                              ensure a continuous level of quality in management       success and the delivery of our
                            – Building leadership capability to develop and grow       purpose and strategy
                              diverse talent and strengthen future pipelines
                              through tailored development programmes
     – Sustainability       – Oversight of our sustainability strategy by           – Our commitments to the                  Stakeholders
                              the Corporate Responsibility Committee                   communities we serve and society
                            – Approval of sustainability-related initiatives,          more broadly are reflected in our
                              for example power purchase agreements                    refreshed purpose
                            – Establishment of a refreshed purpose and                                                        Link to KPIs
                              strategic drivers to include sustainability                                                      4 5 6
                            – Climate change deep dive
     – Governance           – Updates from Chairs of the Committees                 – An important part of the Board’s        Stakeholders
       matters              – Review of audit reform proposals                         role is the oversight of the Group’s
                            – Discussed the results of the Board effectiveness         activities, ensuring that the Group
                              review and progress against actions                      is properly governed with the
                            – Governance initiatives: share buyback                    required resources. Regular reports    Link to KPIs
                              programme, NED fees, cancellation of                     from the Group Company Secretary        2 5
                              Tesco’s secondary listing from the                       update the Board on governance-
                              Euronext Dublin Exchange and share                       related matters
                              forfeiture programme
                            – Governance updates including Directors’ and
                              Officers’ insurance, litigation, Modern Slavery,
                              liaison with relevant government and local
                              authorities
                            – Approval of significant contracts
                            – Review and approval of statutory reporting and
                              shareholder documentation



                                                                                 UK Soy Manifesto
                                                                                 The Board places great importance on our
                                                                                 sustainability strategy and commitments,
                                                                                 which has been demonstrated through
                                                                                 our refreshed purpose.
                                                                                 The conversion of forests and other ecosystems
                                                                                 for agricultural production – including the production
                                                                                 of soy – is a major contributor to climate change,
                                                                                 as well as driving biodiversity loss.

                                                                                 Soy is the single most impactful forest-risk commodity
                                                                                 in Tesco’s supply chain, and we’re committed to
                                                                                 ensuring that all soy comes from whole areas verified
                                                                                 as deforestation-free by 2025. The complexity of the
                                                                                 global supply chain means collaboration is essential
                                                                                 and we were proud to become a signatory, alongside
                                                                                 our industry peers representing nearly 60% of all
                                                                                 soy used in the UK every year, to the UK Soy Manifesto
                                                                                 launched in November 2021. The manifesto calls on
                                                                                 the soy sector to only supply deforestation and
                                                                                 conversion free soy to the UK by 2025.

                                                                                           For more information visit
                                                                                           www.tescoplc.com/sustainability




60   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                    Corporate governance




Composition, succession
and evaluation.
Board composition                                                         The Board believes strongly in the development of its Directors
The Group is led by an effective and committed Board, with a              and colleagues throughout the Group. The Chairman regularly
culture of openness and transparency at Board meetings. As at             discusses training requirements with Directors. The Board
the date of this report, the Board comprises 13 Directors with a          receives presentations on each business area to understand
wide range of knowledge and experience from a variety of sectors.         the market conditions and challenges in the different countries in
Our values and leadership behaviours are a vital part of our culture,     which the Group operates.
helping us ensure that through our conduct we do the right thing
for the business and our stakeholders.                                    Diversity and inclusion
                                                                          The Board believes that it is vital to have a diverse Board, with
All Directors, with the exception of Steve Golsby and Simon               a mix of skills, knowledge and experience across professional
Patterson, will submit themselves for re-election at the                  backgrounds, gender, tenure, age and ethnicity. A diverse
forthcoming AGM in June 2022. In considering whether each                 Board with different perspectives, insights and viewpoints in
Director should be re-elected, the Board consider the skills and          decision making ultimately benefits the Group’s stakeholders
experience each Director brings to the Board. No Director takes           through better business performance and decision making.
part in the discussion involving their own re-election. You can
read detailed information on the contribution that each Director          The Board’s diversity and inclusion policy was first implemented
brings to the Board in their biographies on pages 48 to 51 and in the     in July 2019 and is reviewed annually by the Board and the
2022 Notice of Annual General Meeting.                                    Nominations and Governance Committee. The Board supports
                                                                          the recommendations set out in the recently published FTSE
                                                                          Women Leaders Review and the Parker Review on ethnic diversity.
Board composition
            1                        Board tenure
                                                                          The Nominations and Governance Committee will consider the
(number of Directors)                (number of Directors)
                                                                          recommendations from the FTSE Women Leaders Review when
                                                                          conducting its annual review of the Board diversity and inclusion
              1                             2                             policy. More information on the oversight of diversity and inclusion
                    2                                                     is set out in the Nominations and Governance Committee report
                                                          5               on pages 63 to 65. The Board’s diversity and inclusion policy is
                                                                          available at www.tescoplc.com/investors/corporate-governance.

                                        4                                 The Board understands that supporting our workforce in a culture
     10                                                                   of trust and respect is essential to the success of the Company
                                                    2
                                                                          where colleagues feel valued and rewarded for the work they do.
                                                                          The tone for diversity and inclusion across the Group is set from
  Chairman (independent                 0-3 years
                                                                          the top and the Board believes that having a diverse leadership
  upon appointment)                     3-5 years
                                                                          team and an open and inclusive culture where Everyone is
  Executive Director                    5-7 years
                                                                          Welcome supports one of our core values, We treat people
  Independent Non-executive             7-9 years
                                                                          how they want to be treated. The Board’s diversity and inclusion
  Director                                                                policy sits alongside the Company’s various diversity and inclusion
                                                                          policies. These policies support the Company’s wider commitment
                                                                          to building an increasingly diverse business where all colleagues
Board expertise                                                           are given equal opportunities through recruitment, learning and
The Board and the Nominations and Governance Committee review
                                                                          development and actively champion and support our colleague
the Board skills matrix, ensuring that the Board and its Committees
                                                                          networks and training on the importance of inclusion. See page 19
have and maintain the necessary skills to deliver the Group’s strategic
                                                                          for further details of the Group’s approach to diversity and
priorities, taking into account the Board’s diversity and inclusion
                                                                          inclusion and pages 101 and 102 in the Directors’ report for detail on
policy. For more information please refer to the Nominations and
                                                                          the Group’s employment policies.
Governance Committee report on pages 63 to 65.
                                                                          Board evaluation
Appointment, induction and development                                    To ensure the Board remains effective, a performance evaluation is
Non-executive Directors are appointed on merit, against objective
                                                                          carried out each year to review the effectiveness of the Board, its
criteria and are initially appointed for a three-year term with an
                                                                          Committees and Directors. These reviews operate on a three-yearly
expectation that they will continue for at least a further three years.
                                                                          cycle as shown on page 62. The external evaluation offers an
Directors are nominated by the Nominations and Governance
                                                                          independent review of the Board’s effectiveness. After considering
Committee and are subsequently approved by the Board for
                                                                          proposals from Board evaluation providers, the Nominations and
election or re-election annually by shareholders at our AGM.
                                                                          Governance Committee appointed Dr Tracy Long of Boardroom
                                                                          Review to facilitate the external review. Boardroom Review completed
Upon appointment, all new Directors receive a comprehensive
                                                                          the previous external board evaluation in 2018/19, however the
induction programme over several months. This is designed to
                                                                          Board was satisfied with their independence and thought that
facilitate their understanding of the business and is tailored to their
                                                                          Dr Long’s existing knowledge could provide insights on progress on
individual needs. The Chairman and the Group Company Secretary
                                                                          the actions identified through the previous review and identify further
are responsible for delivering the programme covering the
                                                                          opportunities for improvement. Neither Dr Long nor Boardroom
Company’s core purpose and values, strategy, key areas of the
                                                                          Review has any other connection to Tesco or any of its Directors.
business and corporate governance.

                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022          61
     Corporate governance report continued

     Composition, succession and evaluation continued
     Board effectiveness

                                                                                                        2023/24
       2021/22                                           2022/23
                                                                                                        Internal effectiveness
       Externally facilitated                            Internal effectiveness
                                                                                                        survey led by Senior
       effectiveness survey                              survey led by Chairman
                                                                                                        Independent Director


     Process                                                                    All Directors demonstrated commitment to their roles and the
     The review was designed to assess the strengths of the Board and           Boardroom culture was deemed effective and conducive to
     to raise challenges and opportunities for improvement. Dr Long             creating a positive environment for participation and challenge
     observed the Board and Committee meetings in October 2021,                 by the Non-executive Directors.
     and reviewed Board and Committee papers. Interviews were
     held with each of the Board members. Interview topics included:            The review identified some opportunities for the Board,
                                                                                including the following key priorities:
     – the approach to strategy, execution and performance;
     – finance, audit, risk and control;                                        – continue to develop and test risk appetite to facilitate the
     – remuneration, talent development and executive                             Board’s decisions;
       succession planning;                                                     – continue to develop the sustainability agenda to balance
     – shareholder and stakeholder engagement, and interaction                    the short, medium and long-term objectives;
       with the Executive Committee and presenters;                             – reviewing the balance of activities at the Board and its
     – individual Board roles, responsibilities and contribution;                 Committees; and
     – leadership styles, relationships and dynamics;                           – focus on development and succession plans at Board and
     – future composition and succession planning;                                executive Committee level to strengthen the diverse
     – agenda setting;                                                            management pipeline.
     – quality and presentation of information; and
     – use of deep dives and training sessions.                                 The Board has considered all of the recommendations contained in
                                                                                the review and has developed an action plan which will be reviewed
     Dr Long then provided the Board with a discussion document,                on a regular basis by the Nominations and Governance Committee.
     outlining the current strengths, challenges and recommendations
     which was discussed collectively.                                          In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, Byron
                                                                                Grote, as Senior Independent Director, led a review of the
     Results                                                                    Chairman’s performance by the Directors. Each Director
     Boardroom Review’s independent review concluded that the                   completed a questionnaire and the results were discussed
     Board, its Committees and each of its Directors continue to be             collectively in March 2022. The review concluded that the
     effective. Directors are well led by the Chair and the Board and           Directors were satisfied with the Chairman’s performance
     Committees have an open dialogue, drawing upon the diverse                 and that he continues to operate effectively.
     range of experience and skills within the Boardroom.

     Progress against 2020/21 actions
     Set out below is the progress made against actions identified through the 2020/21 internal Board effectiveness review. The Nominations and
     Governance Committee reviewed the progress during the year and discussed any further actions that were needed to address the results of
     the 2020/21 Board effectiveness review.

     Action                                         Progress
     To develop the Group’s strategy, taking into   The updated strategy was discussed by the Board throughout the year and announced
     account the appointment of the new Group Chief alongside the interim results. More information is available on pages 14, 15 and 55.
     Executive and Chief Financial Officer
     To take steps to ensure the culture of               A tailored induction programme, overseen by the Nominations and Governance
     openness and constructive debate within the          Committee, focusing on Tesco’s purpose, culture, values and behaviours was prepared
     Board is maintained following the appointment        for Bertrand Bodson, Thierry Garnier and Karen Whitworth. More information is set out
     of new members                                       on page 65. The Board is satisfied that discussions remain open, collegiate and
                                                          transparent.
     To review succession planning and pipeline for       During the year, the Board and the Nominations and Governance Committee reviewed
     Executive Director and Non-executive                 the succession plans for the business. More information is available on pages 63 and 64.
     Director roles
     To continue to shape the agenda and Board focus The Board forward planner is continually reviewed by the Chairman, CEO and Group
     on the most significant risks and opportunities Company Secretary. Greater focus was placed on strategy, culture, technology, online,
                                                     customers and risk during the year.
     To continue to ensure awareness of shareholder       Shareholder and government views have been included in Board updates throughout the
     and government views and opinions                    year and the Board receive updates from the Government Relations and Investor
                                                          Relations teams.




62   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                              Corporate governance




Nominations and
Governance Committee.
                                                                    “The Committee plays an important
                                                                     role in ensuring that the composition
                                                                     of the Board and its Committees
                                                                     have the balance and diversity of
                                                                     experience and skills to operate
                                                                     effectively, and in the best
                                                                     interests of our stakeholders.”
                                                                    John Allan CBE
Committee members                                                   Nominations and Governance Committee Chair
Director                                             Member since
John Allan: Committee Chair                           March 2015    Committee responsibilities and key activities
Stewart Gilliland: Independent Non-executive Director  April 2019
                                                                                                      27% Board composition and
Steve Golsby: Independent Non-executive Director       June 2021
                                                                                                          senior management
Byron Grote: Senior Independent Director           December 2015
                                                                                                          succession planning
Alison Platt: Independent Non-executive Director       April 2019
                                                                                                      23% Talent pipeline
                                                                                                      26% Diversity and inclusion
Quick facts                                                                                           24% Governance
The Nominations and Governance Committee regularly
reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board
and its Committees to ensure they continue to provide
informed and constructive support and challenge to the
management team. The Committee is responsible for
identifying and reviewing suitable candidates through a
formal and transparent process, ensuring that plans are in
                                                                    Dear Shareholder
place for orderly succession to the Board. It also oversees
                                                                    The Committee held four scheduled meetings during the year,
the development of a diverse pipeline for succession to
                                                                    both virtually and in person. Throughout the year, the Committee
senior management roles across immediate, short and
                                                                    has concentrated on the composition of the Board and its
longer-term timescales.
                                                                    Committees, succession planning, diversity and inclusion, talent
                                                                    pipeline and corporate governance matters.
           Committee membership, together with attendance
           at meetings is detailed in the table on page 54.
                                                                    Board composition, expertise and succession planning
           The Committee’s full terms of reference are              The Committee regularly reviewed detailed succession plans to
           available on our website at www.tescoplc.com/            ensure that plans are in place for orderly succession to the Board.
           about/board-board-committees-and-executive-              There were several changes to the Board and Executive Committee
           committee/board-committees.                              during the year. In April 2021, Alan Stewart stood down as Chief
                                                                    Financial Officer and was succeeded by Imran Nawaz. Mark Armour,
                                                                    Mikael Olsson and Deanna Oppenheimer retired from the Board
                                                                    at the 2021 AGM. Thierry Garnier, Bertrand Bodson and Karen
                                                                    Whitworth joined the Board as independent Non-executive
                                                                    Directors on 30 April 2021, 1 June 2021 and 18 June 2021 respectively.
                                                                    Steve Golsby and Simon Patterson will retire from the Board at the
                                                                    conclusion of the 2022 AGM.

                                                                    Lygon Group assisted the Committee in its search for new
                                                                    Directors as part of its succession planning, setting rigorous
                                                                    selection criteria and developing detailed role profiles. Lygon
                                                                    Group has no connection with Tesco or any of its Directors.




                                                                               Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022         63
     Corporate governance report continued

     Nominations and Governance Committee continued
     Board skills and experience
                    Financial                              3
                    Strategy                                                                                                                 11
                        Risk                                                                                                                 11
                       Retail                                         4
                   Marketing                                          4
       Supply chain/logistics                                                          6
                International                                                                                           9
      Technology and Digital                                          4
               Sustainability                                                                                           9




     Given the changes to the Company’s strategy during the year,             The Committee formally reviews the independence of each
     the Committee discussed succession planning a number of times,           of our Non-executive Directors each year. In accordance with
     agreeing a more robust and integrated approach that focused              the Non-executive Directors’ letters of appointment, the
     on developing and retaining successors, improving diverse                Committee also carries out a rigorous review of performance
     representation and responding to succession risks.                       when a Non-executive Director reaches three years’ and six years’
                                                                              service. During the year, the Committee undertook such reviews
     The Committee is focused on ensuring our executive talent pipeline       of Byron Grote, Simon Patterson, Alison Platt and Lindsey Pownall.
     is further developed. During the year, Tony Hoggett, Chief Strategy      These performance reviews considered each Director’s
     and Innovation Officer decided to leave the Group; Guus Dekkers,         commitment, contribution and effectiveness and concluded that
     Chief Technical Officer, joined the Executive Committee in May           they each continued to make a significant contribution to the
     2021; Natasha Adams was appointed as CEO, Tesco Ireland in               Board and its Committees.
     March 2022; and Emma Taylor was promoted to Chief People
     Officer to succeed Natasha Adams.                                        The Committee oversees the Board effectiveness review, which
                                                                              was externally facilitated during the year by Boardroom Review.
     The Committee regularly reviews executive succession planning            The Committee also undertake a review of the actions that arose
     and the talent management pipeline.                                      from the 2020/21 effectiveness review to track progress.
                                                                              Full details are provided on page 62.
     Skills matrix
     Our Board possesses a wide range of knowledge and                        The external review of the Committee’s effectiveness concluded
     experience from a variety of sectors. At Board and Committee             that the Committee remained effective, members were engaged
     level, consideration was given to the skills required to deliver         and feedback provided to the Board was clear.
     the strategy and objectives in the longer term and to identify the
     potential skills and experience that may have been lost with the         Board diversity
     retiring Non-executive Directors. The matrix shown above maps            The Committee oversees the annual review of the Board’s diversity
     the skills and experience that each Non-executive Director brings        and inclusion policy and tracks compliance against the objectives
     to the Board.                                                            set out therein. All Board appointments are made on merit
                                                                              against a set of objective criteria, in the context of the skills and
     Noting the increasing importance of sustainability matters to the        experience required for the Board to be effective and guard
     Company and its stakeholders and to support the refreshed                against ‘group think’. Following a review, the Committee
     purpose, the Committee added sustainability expertise to the             recommended amendments to the Board’s diversity and
     skills matrix.                                                           inclusion policy to state that the Committee will:

     The skills matrix above demonstrates the broad diversity and             – ensure that the search pool is sufficiently wide to reflect the
     experience of the Board.                                                   Board’s diversity commitments when considering suitable
                                                                                candidates for appointment to the Board;
     Governance and effectiveness                                             – assist with the development of a pipeline of high-potential and
     The Nominations and Governance Committee regularly assesses                high-performing candidates from diverse backgrounds to ensure
     the time commitments of Directors to ensure that they each                 the Group builds a strong pipeline of diverse talent; and
     continue to have sufficient time for their role. It also considers the   – include in the reporting of the implementation of the Board’s
     potential additional time required in the event of corporate stress.       diversity and inclusion policy the challenges faced by the Board
                                                                                when considering the diversity of the Board.
     Prior to appointment, the Committee assesses the
     commitments of a proposed candidate, including other                     Alongside the Board, the Committee continues to champion the
     directorships, to ensure they have sufficient time to devote             benefits of diversity – be it religious, sexual orientation, ethnic or
     to the role. External appointments, which may affect existing            gender diversity, or diversity of social backgrounds or cognitive and
     time commitments relevant to the Board, must be agreed                   personal strengths at Board, Committee and senior management
     with the Chairman in advance.                                            level. The Committee recognises the benefits of having a diverse
                                                                              Board, believing that diversity of all types makes us a better
                                                                              business by enabling enhanced commercial results and better
                                                                              decision making.



64   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                        Corporate governance




Board gender split (a)
                                             69% Male
                                             31% Female
                                                                       Non-executive Director inductions
                                                                       Upon their appointment to the Board, Bertrand Bodson,
                                                                       Thierry Garnier and Karen Whitworth each received a
                                                                       tailored induction plan to gain a thorough understanding
                                                                       of the business, their role as Non-executive Directors
                                                                       and our colleagues.

                                                                       Each Director received an induction pack comprising a
                                                                       broad range of information including Board and Committee
                                                                       papers, meeting minutes and details of operational and
Board ethnicity (b)                                                    financial performance, risk management and internal
                                                                       controls, and key policies to provide an overview of
                                             85% White                 the business.
                                             15% Black, Asian and
                                                 minority ethnic       Introductory meetings were held with each member of
                                                                       the Board and Executive Committee, the Group Company
                                                                       Secretary and key senior managers across the Group
                                                                       including Tesco Bank, Tesco Mobile, dunnhumby and F&F.
                                                                       For the Board Committee that the Directors would be
                                                                       joining, additional time was spent with the Committee
                                                                       Chair and relevant senior managers covering key issues.

                                                                       The Directors also undertook site visits across different
                                                                       store formats and locations. Karen and Thierry visited an
(a) Following the AGM in June 2022, the gender diversity split
    will be 64% Male and 36% Female.
                                                                       urban fulfilment centre and a Tesco Extra with Jason Tarry.
(b) Following the AGM in June 2022, Board ethnicity will be            Thierry also visited One Stop and Jack’s stores. Although
    82% White, 18% Black, Asian or minority ethnic.                    delayed due to COVID-19 restrictions, Bertrand, Thierry and
                                                                       Karen each hope to complete a day’s work in one of our
                                                                       stores and undertake additional site visits to complete
The Board, supported by the Committee, is focused on                   their induction programmes.
development and succession plans at both Board and
executive level to strengthen the diverse management pipeline.
Through regular reporting to the Board and Committee, and the          “My induction was both tailored
Committee’s oversight of the Board’s diversity and inclusion policy,    and comprehensive, enabling me
the Board aims to meet recommendations set out in the FTSE
Women Leaders Review published in February 2022.                        to understand the operations,
                                                                        strengths and challenges of the
Appointments are always based on merit and relevant experience,
while taking into account the broadest definition of diversity.
                                                                        Group. The programme included
To this end, the Committee continues to challenge the external          detailed information on Tesco’s
search consultants where necessary, to ensure that diversity is
always considered when drawing up candidate shortlists. Further
                                                                        businesses and the opportunity
information on diversity and inclusion across the Group and the         to meet colleagues from across
senior management gender split can be found on page 19.                 the Group. This has allowed
Following the retirements of Steve Golsby and Simon Patterson           me to better engage with the
at the conclusion of the 2022 AGM, female representation on the         business and contribute in
Board will be 36%. The Board also meets the recommendations
of the Parker Review with both Melissa Bethell and Imran Nawaz          a constructive way.”
being from Asian backgrounds.
                                                                       Karen Whitworth
                                                                       Independent Non-executive Director
John Allan CBE
Nominations and Governance Committee Chair




                                                                           Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022     65
     Corporate governance report continued




     Corporate Responsibility
     Committee.
                                                                           “The launch of the Group’s new purpose
                                                                            and strategy places communities and the
                                                                            planet at the heart of everything Tesco
                                                                            does and reflects the commitment that
                                                                            our customers, colleagues and other
                                                                            stakeholders have towards these
                                                                            important elements of our lives.”
                                                                           Lindsey Pownall OBE
     Committee members                                                     Corporate Responsibility Committee Chair
     Director                                               Member since
     Lindsey Pownall: Committee Chair                       April 2016     Focus of Committee activities in 2021/22
     John Allan: Non-executive Chair                       March 2015
                                                                                                             37% Strategy development
     Bertrand Bodson: Independent Non-executive Director    June 2021
                                                                                                             33% Performance and
     Steve Golsby: Independent Non-executive Director November 2016
                                                                                                                 reporting
     Stewart Gilliland: Independent Non-executive Director  June 2021
                                                                                                             14% Communication and
     Karen Whitworth: Independent Non-executive Director June 2021
                                                                                                                 engagement
                                                                                                             16% Governance
     The Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees the
     Group’s social and environmental strategy, ensuring the
     Group discharges its responsibilities in a way that builds trust,
     respect and confidence. It is responsible for monitoring and
     reviewing external developments on environmental, social
     and related governance (ESG) issues which may affect the
     Group. It also reviews the adequacy of the Group’s
     sustainability commitments and activity.                              Dear Shareholder
                                                                           The Committee held three scheduled meetings during the year,
     Details of the key decisions taken by the Committee in                both virtually and in person. Bertrand Bodson, Stewart Gilliland and
     2021/22 are set out below:                                            Karen Whitworth joined the Committee in June 2021, and Deanna
                                                                           Oppenheimer and Mikael Olsson stepped down from the Board and
     – approving the updated sustainability reporting strategy,            the Committee at the conclusion of the 2021 AGM. Steve Golsby will
       including retirement of the standalone Little Helps Plan            step down from the Board and the Committee at the 2022 AGM.
       in favour of an integrated approach to reporting;
     – overseeing Tesco’s UK community strategy focused                    A core focus of the Committee this year has been overseeing the
       on tackling hunger and food inequality;                             changes to the Group’s sustainability strategy following the Board’s
     – endorsing the acceleration of carbon-neutral targets                review of the Company’s purpose and strategy. Further information
       for the Group to 2035; and                                          about the sustainability strategy can be found at www.tescoplc.com
     – supporting the proposed updates to the remuneration                 /sustainability/reporting-hub. The refreshed purpose puts
       policy to include ESG metrics.                                      customers, communities and the planet at the heart of the
                                                                           business. It recognises that our continued success depends not
                Committee membership, together with attendance             only on the actions we take but also on the world around us. The
                at meetings is detailed in the table on page 54.           Committee was fully supportive of the move towards greater
                                                                           integration of sustainability throughout the Group’s businesses and
                The Committee’s full terms of reference are                operations, and the subsequent retirement of the standalone Little
                available on our website at www.tescoplc.com/              Helps Plan.
                board-committees.
                                                                           The Little Helps Plan has played a crucial role in focusing our
                                                                           sustainability efforts over the past few years. We see its evolution
                                                                           into a much deeper and broader integration of sustainability across
                                                                           Tesco as a positive step. The Committee believes the renewed
                                                                           focus on the most material issues – those with the greatest
                                                                           potential to influence business performance and those where
                                                                           Tesco can make the biggest difference – will ensure Tesco fulfils
                                                                           its obligations as a responsible business, ensure commercial
                                                                           longevity and help tackle the pressing issues facing society today.




66   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




The Committee reviewed the process for identifying the material        Europe business for becoming the first major employer in the
issues through a combination of stakeholder insight, including         region to voluntarily publish gender pay data.
customer and colleague input and AI data analysis. It also assessed
the potential opportunities and risks. The Committee was satisfied     Other matters reviewed by the Committee during the year
with the updated approach and looks forward to receiving               included Part Two of the National Food Strategy, human rights
comprehensive future updates on:                                       (including sustainable livelihoods and modern slavery), young
                                                                       people programmes, the ongoing partnership with the Princes
– climate change – addressing the threats posed and working            Trust and product sustainability. The Committee also reviewed
  collaboratively to achieve our net zero ambitions;                   the introduction of ESG measures in the Performance Share Plan,
– healthy, sustainable diets – driving transformative change and       further information of which is included in the Directors’
  making healthy sustainable food available and affordable for all;    remuneration report on page 82.
– diversity and inclusion – attracting, retaining and developing
  talent that reflects the diversity of the communities we serve,      The Committee is a passionate advocate for transparency and
  ensuring we meet their needs better than anyone else; and            stakeholder engagement and continues to work alongside key
– waste – influencing production and consumption behaviour             stakeholders and investors on sustainability issues. Committee
  where both food and packaging waste is avoided.                      members attend ESG roundtables throughout the year, bringing
                                                                       insight and challenge back to the business. We continue to
Further information about how these issues have been                   participate in numerous ESG indices and rankings. This year
identified and our management strategies can be found                  Tesco became the leading retailer within the World Benchmarking
at www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/reporting-hub.                      Alliance’s inaugural Food and Agriculture Benchmark and strengthened
                                                                       its performance within the Workforce Disclosure Initiative.
COP26 was a pivotal moment in 2021, which shone a spotlight on
the threats associated with climate change. The Committee has          As part of the external Board evaluation carried out in 2021/22,
been impressed by Tesco’s continued leadership on climate.             the performance of the Committee was evaluated and it was
It has endorsed the Group’s accelerated climate ambitions to           concluded that it was working effectively. The Committee agreed
be carbon neutral in its own operations by 2035 across the Group       to enhance its workings by focusing on fewer but more material
and net zero across the entire value chain by 2050. The Committee      issues, where the Committee can provide oversight and challenge
received updates on the Group’s COP26 activity, including the          on the integration of sustainability across the Group.
Green Trip to Glasgow video mini-series, which showcased the
work Tesco is doing to tackle the climate crisis, and the launch       Looking ahead, the Committee will focus on overseeing the
of a new fleet of electric delivery vans in Glasgow.                   integration of sustainability across the Group and Tesco’s conduct
                                                                       as a responsible business, and will continue to hold the business
The Committee discussed Tesco’s approach to managing climate-          to account on delivering on its commitments.
related risks and is satisfied that good progress continues to be
made on understanding and managing these risks in the business.        I would like to take this opportunity to recognise the incredible
This includes quantifying the Scope 3 emissions footprint, engaging    efforts of colleagues across the Group and I look forward to
suppliers in climate data reporting and appointing the University of   working with the Tesco team as we put communities and the
Cambridge as a partner in the ongoing development of climate-          planet at the heart of the business.
related scenario modelling. Further information on our Task Force
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) can be found on
pages 41 to 44.

Supporting customers to enjoy a better-balanced diet and making        Lindsey Pownall OBE
Tesco the easiest place to shop for healthier products continues       Corporate Responsibility Committee Chair
to be a major focus for the business. The Committee received
updates on activities in pursuit of this ambition, including
reformulation to improve the health profile of our products which
has helped remove 7.7 billion calories this year. The Committee
was also presented with performance against our commitments
and acknowledged the challenges associated with increasing the
proportion of sales from products with a ‘healthy’ health score.
This has not improved since 2019/20 due to mix and less healthy
choices transferring from hospitality to retailers.
                                                                          Tackling food waste
Over the last year, national attention has been drawn to finding
a sustainable solution to tackling hunger and food inequality for         Our fight against food waste calls for action from farm
families in the UK, particularly children. The Committee probed           to fork as we strive to eliminate good food going to
Tesco’s UK community strategy, which aims to help build stronger          waste. This year, our continued focus to minimise the
communities through food. Central to this framework is Tesco’s            amount of unsold food at the end of each day across
longstanding work with charity partners FareShare and the Trussell        our stores and distribution centres, has resulted in us
Trust. The Committee received updates throughout the year on the          reducing food waste as a percentage of food handled
programmes initiated and their respective impact. The Committee           by 45% across the Group since 2016. Key to this has
commended the Buy One to Help a Child campaign, which provided
                                                                          been working with our charity partners FareShare,
three million meals to children living in food insecurity.
                                                                          FoodCloud and local food banks to redistribute
The Committee received updates on the activity across the                 unsold food and in 2021/22 we donated 52.6 million
business in support of our value of treating everyone how they            meals across the Group.
want to be treated and embracing diversity. The Committee
reviewed the gender breakdown of the workforce and the steps                        For more information visit www.tescoplc.com/
being taken to ensure it is representative of the communities we                    sustainability/reporting-hub.
serve. In particular, it commended the transparency of the Central


                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022       67
     Audit Committee




     Audit Committee.
                                                                           “The Committee plays an important
                                                                            role in ensuring the integrity of
                                                                            financial reporting, the internal
                                                                            control environment and risk
                                                                            management processes.”
                                                                           Byron Grote
                                                                           Audit Committee Chair

                                                                           Dear Shareholder
     Committee members                                                     I am pleased to present this year’s Audit Committee report, which
     Director                                               Member since   provides an insight into the work carried out by the Committee, our
     Byron Grote: Committee Chair                             June 2015    discussions and focus during another eventful year. Among the key
     Melissa Bethell: Independent Non-executive Director September 2018    activities we have undertaken or overseen during the year, we have
     Simon Patterson: Independent Non-executive Director      April 2016   considered a variety of special focus matters aligned with the
     Karen Whitworth: Independent Non-executive Director      June 2021
                                                                           Group’s principal risks.

     The Committee supports the Board in fulfilling its                    These areas included:
     responsibilities regarding financial reporting, the
     effectiveness of risk management and internal controls                – our capital allocation strategy;
     processes and compliance matters. Further details on                  – a detailed review of cyber security and the IT control
     the division of Board responsibilities and the Committee’s              environment, incorporating a deep dive on, and continued
     role in complying with the UK Corporate Governance Code                 monitoring of, cyber risk. More details can be found on page 70;
     are set out on page 47. The Committee’s key areas of                  – the quantitative assessment of climate-related risks and
     responsibility are detailed below and further discussion                sustainability KPI assurance;
     of key activities can be found on page 69:                            – a review of the presentation of APMs and accounting policies;
                                                                           – an update to our property buyback accounting and
     Financial statements and reporting                                      accounting policy;
     – The Committee monitors the Group’s financial reporting              – continued review of key financial controls;
       processes. It reviews, submits recommendations to the               – the evolution of our risk management framework and key discussions;
       Board and challenges where necessary, the integrity of              – continued debt capital markets activity; and
       financial statements, including key accounting judgements           – the Group’s response to the BEIS consultation on proposed
       and narrative disclosures.                                            audit and governance reforms.
     – The Committee reviews the Group’s assessments of
       going concern, longer-term prospects and viability and              During the year, we had interactions with regulators on matters
       the distributable reserves position prior to any                    concerning Group reporting. The FRC reviewed our prior year annual
       declaration of dividends.                                           report and raised no substantive questions, and so we were not
                                                                           required to enter into further correspondence. The Committee
     External auditor                                                      considered the FRC’s observations and the resulting improvements
     – The Committee considers reports from the external                   to the disclosures made in this Annual Report. Details of some of
        auditor and management’s response to recommendations.              these improvements can be found on page 70.
        It also assesses the effectiveness of the external auditor,
        considers their appointment, approves the remuneration             Looking ahead to 2022/23, the Committee will continue to monitor
        for audit services and monitors the provision of non-audit         macroeconomic conditions affecting the Group’s assets. We will
        services and associated fees.                                      also oversee the development of plans to meet the Government’s
                                                                           reform proposals on audit and corporate reporting, including the
     Risk management and internal controls                                 introduction of an audit and assurance policy.
     – The Committee reviews and monitors the Group’s internal
       controls framework and risk management processes,
       including key financial, operational and compliance
       controls, and the identification and assessment of
       emerging and principal risks.                                       Byron Grote
     – The Committee monitors risk exposures and future risk               Audit Committee Chair
       strategy, including the adopted strategy for capital and
       liquidity management, IT risks (including data privacy and                   Committee membership, together with attendance
       cyber risks) and climate-related risks.                                      at meetings is detailed in the table on page 54.
                                                                                    The Committee’s full terms of reference are
                                                                                    available on our website at www.tescoplc.com/
                                                                                    board-committees.



68   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                  Corporate governance




Principal activities                                                     Risk management and transformation programmes
                                                                         The Committee reviewed the Group’s risk register, principal and
                                                                         emerging risks and mitigation strategies, with particular discussion
In addition to its key areas of discussion, the Committee received       around prioritised risks and risk movements. The Committee
regular updates from management in relation to: key financial            discussed the addition of two new principal risks: cyber security
controls; the Group’s evolving transformation programmes;                and financial performance, to replace the prior-year data
sustainability KPI assurance and reporting; general controls;            security and liquidity risks respectively, before recommending
treasury; tax; pensions; insurance; payroll system enhancements;         their adoption to the Board. A robust assessment of the Group’s
capital structure; internal audit; and compliance. The Committee         principal risks and detailed scenario analysis work to stress test
also received regular updates in relation to Tesco Bank which            liquidity was performed as part of the viability scenario modelling.
operates its own audit committee governed by specific banking            For further information on the Group’s risk management
regulations. We welcome representatives of the Bank to attend            framework, see page 31.
our meetings. The Committee Chair and the Chief Financial
Officer both attend Tesco Bank meetings which ensures that               The Committee continued to oversee the Group’s transformation
knowledge is shared for mutual benefit.                                  programmes across Risk & Audit, People and Technology. This
                                                                         included monitoring the continued progress in relation to IT general
Statutory reporting                                                      controls, technology security and control initiatives to mitigate the
In relation to the financial statements, the Committee ensures that      Group’s risk exposure and responsiveness to changing
Tesco provides accurate, timely financial results and implements         environments. We received regular updates from the Chief
accounting standards and judgements effectively. During the year,        Technology Officer and on the related assurance programmes.
the Committee considered and recommended the approval of the             After a controls failure in the People technology system which led
interim financial results, preliminary results and this Annual Report.   to an over-payment during the year, although no financial loss was
It also reviewed climate risk-related disclosures, capital allocation    incurred, the Committee reviewed an assessment undertaken by
strategy, the Group’s distributable reserves position in advance of      Group Audit and was satisfied that the issue had been identified
the declaration of dividends, corporate governance disclosures           promptly and that the appropriate remediation of underlying
and also monitored the statutory audit.                                  controls was completed. The Committee received regular updates
                                                                         from management on the development of the finance change
The Committee considered the viability and going concern                 strategy in collaboration with Technology. The framework
statements, their underlying assumptions and the longer-term             addresses higher-risk areas where systems are approaching end of
prospects. The Committee also considered the appropriateness             life or are unsupportable. The Committee received comprehensive
of a three-year viability assessment period reflecting the effects of    updates on the October 2021 cyber security incident and reviewed
the macroeconomic uncertainties faced by the Group, the impact           the root cause analysis, overall impact and remediation plan,
of not only the war in Ukraine but also the dynamic and changing         see page 70.
retail environment in which the Group operates, and evaluating
going concern over an 18-month period, see Note 1. As part of our        Compliance
review of the financial statements, we considered, and challenged        The Committee supports the Board in discharging its responsibilities
as appropriate, the accounting policies and the significant              in relation to anti-bribery, whistleblowing, Groceries Supply Code
judgements and estimates underpinning the financial statements.          of Practice (GSCOP), annual and Group compliance statements,
                                                                         data protection and privacy compliance. In doing so, we received
During the earlier part of the year, the Committee considered            and reviewed biannual ethics and compliance data covering:
the accounting for the Group’s Asia and Poland disposals.                privacy; fraud; anti-bribery; gifts and entertainment; and the
These discussions included the sale of properties outside the            annual Code of Business Conduct declarations. The Committee
corporate transaction and the classification of assets as held           discussed the controls and mitigating actions deployed in support
for sale. Following the completion of Tesco Bank acquiring the           of the Group’s overall compliance strategy and culture to reduce
Ageas stake in Tesco Underwriting, the Committee reviewed the            instances of fraud and compliance breaches. We assessed the
approach to acquisition accounting as a business combination             effectiveness of the Group’s whistleblowing arrangements and
under IFRS 3, ‘Business Combinations’, and additional disclosures        reviewed compliance with GSCOP. The Committee monitored the
required in relation to these accounts. The outcome of an                new relationship with the GCA and received reports on supplier
assessment as to net asset fair values was also considered.              engagement and the internal auditing of ethical business
Details of the significant financial reporting matters and how           processes. See page 102 for more information.
they were addressed by the Committee are set out on page 71.
                                                                         External audit
The Committee monitored the Group’s compliance with the new              At each meeting the Committee considers reports from our
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) tagging requirements to         external auditor, Deloitte. These concern interim and year-end
facilitate comparison and analysis of financial data across markets,     reports, Audit Plan, audit fees, auditor independence and
with additional assurance provided by Deloitte.                          non-audit services, early warning reports, management letter
                                                                         observations and updates on ongoing audit work.
As impairment remains one of the most significant areas of
judgement, we considered steps to simplify and improve the               Group audit
complex impairment model process across the Group, including
                                                                         The Committee monitors the activity, role and effectiveness of the
tightening review controls and ensuring stronger audit trails.
                                                                         Group Risk & Audit function, detailed on page 72. At each meeting,
The Committee reviewed the level of Tesco Bank goodwill after
                                                                         we receive updates covering a range of management issues,
an impairment review. It was satisfied that sufficient headroom
                                                                         including periodic reviews of the employment of former auditor
existed and that no impairment of goodwill was required.
                                                                         employees and non-audit services policies, the Group’s audit and
Further details on the impairment of non-current assets is
                                                                         risk charters and the Audit Plan.
presented in Note 15.
                                                                         Other governance matters
                                                                         The Committee reviews its own effectiveness and terms of
                                                                         reference each year in line with best practice.




                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        69
     Audit Committee continued



     Key discussions in the year                                                                         The Committee reviewed the proposed disclosure plan and
                                                                                                         assurance programme regarding the Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                                                         Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In the 2021 Annual Report we set out
     Capital allocation                                                                                  goals to expand our scenario analysis to impacts beyond trading
     The Committee was actively engaged in the refresh of the Group’s                                    and to shorter and longer timescales, and further embed our
     capital allocation framework detailed in the Interim Results                                        considerations of climate-related risks and opportunities into our
     2021/22, which included capital investment in the business,                                         business activities, including measuring our progress. Our TCFD
     maintenance of net debt ratio, a progressive dividend payout,                                       disclosure, which can be found on pages 41 to 44, outlines progress
     spend on inorganic growth opportunities and a return of surplus                                     made in understanding and implementing the management of
     cash to shareholders through share buybacks. We considered these                                    climate-related risks in the business.
     proposals and recommended implementation to the Board.
     We will continue to receive regular updates on the ongoing share                                    Property buybacks
     buyback programme and having successfully completed £300m                                           Following a review of historical property buyback accounting,
     under the initial programme, we announced an enlarged tranche                                       we changed our accounting policy for property buybacks in light of
     of £750m to be returned to shareholders by April 2023.                                              an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the application of
     Before recommending to the Board, the Committee discussed                                           IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such transactions. The Committee considered
     appropriate alignment with current and ongoing Group strategy                                       this change in accounting policy, the associated retrospective
     and debated the structure of the ongoing programme against                                          restatement of historical property buybacks, and the application
     the longer-term plan. The Committee considered the accounting                                       of the new policy to property buybacks in the year. For further
     treatment, refer to Note 31 of the financial statements for                                         information, refer to Note 1 of the financial statements.
     further information, and the likely response from stakeholders,
     including shareholders, pension trustees and rating agencies.                                       Key financial controls
                                                                                                         The Committee considered the effectiveness of key financial
     FRC corporate reporting and thematic reviews                                                        controls through the outcome of a two-year self-review
     The Company’s 2021 Annual Report was reviewed by the                                                programme and monitored the control environment. Group
     Financial Reporting Council (FRC) as part of its routine monitoring                                 Audit tested the primary key financial controls on a regular basis
     of corporate reporting. The FRC’s Supervision Committee raised                                      and reported their findings to the Committee. No significant or
     no substantive questions or queries in relation to the 2021 Annual                                  material control issues were identified. The Committee regularly
     Report. The Committee discussed recommendations supporting                                          discussed anticipated new regulatory requirements in relation to
     continuous improvements in the quality of corporate reporting and                                   internal controls over financial reporting. Regulatory developments
     considered proposals to address these observations. In response                                     will continue to be monitored and as the landscape develops the
     to the letter, we have included additional or enhanced disclosures                                  project plan will be adapted accordingly.
     in this Annual Report, including providing: additional explanations
     to the share-based payments and share capital and reserves                                          Cyber security
     notes; clarifying the Parent Company pension accounting policy;                                     The Committee held a dedicated session during which we explored
     renaming certain alternative performance measures (APM);                                            various types of cyber threats, the evolution of malware and reviewed
     renaming ‘exceptional items and amortisation of acquired                                            the Group’s protocols in light of several high-profile cyber attacks.
     intangibles’ and other adjustments to ‘adjusting items’; and                                        A review of cyber risk management across the Group including the
     enhancing our definition of what items are considered adjusting.(a)                                 mitigations in place to prevent and limit the damage from attacks,
     The Committee also received and responded to queries from the                                       has been conducted. In October 2021, disaster recovery plans
     IAASA concerning disclosures in compliance with Irish regulations.                                  were tested when the Group experienced a cyber security
     Although the Group is no longer required to comply with the Irish                                   incident impacting a sales data system and leading to the
     disclosure rules following the de-listing of Tesco PLC shares in                                    temporary closure of the online sales website. Our response to
     Ireland, the recommendations were considered. All regulator                                         the attack was well managed and no loss of critical or customer
     communications were closed prior to the year end.                                                   data was reported. As a result, we have continued to strengthen
                                                                                                         our cyber resilience measures to mitigate future loss.
     In the year, the FRC has issued several thematic reviews. Of these,
     the Committee particularly discussed the outcome of assessments                                     IT general controls
     as to the impact of the provisions, APMs and viability and going                                    The Committee has continued to monitor the implementation
     concern reviews in this Annual Report and has overseen a detailed                                   of recommendations to further enhance the Group’s financial
     review of each of these disclosures for potential improvement.                                      reporting systems and controls environment. The Committee
     The Committee reviewed APM disclosures, including changes to                                        received regular updates in relation to several remediation
     APMs (as set out in the Glossary on page 207), continuing to ensure                                 workstreams addressing IT general control weaknesses raised by
     we avoid giving prominence to APMs over statutory measures. In                                      Deloitte as Management Letter Points. The Committee will
     relation to provisions, we have included further disclosures on                                     continue to explore the additional controls required by compliance
     timing and uncertainty of potential outflows and considered greater                                 measures and understand the breadth of the control environment.
     quantification of key assumptions in respect of our viability statement.
                                                                                                         COVID-19 statutory reporting considerations
     Sustainability-linked finance and environmental disclosures
                                                                                                         The Committee considered the ongoing financial impact of
     This continued to be a progressive year for Tesco in terms of                                       COVID-19 and additional costs incurred due to COVID-19 in the
     sustainability-linked finance arrangements. The Committee                                           year. The Committee reviewed proposed disclosures to ensure
     reviewed the Group’s debt maturity profile and in October 2021,                                     consistency and transparency. Pandemic overlays were considered
     upon the Committee’s recommendation the Group refinanced                                            with adjusted macroeconomic downturn and more severe global
     a maturing 2022 bond through the issuance of a second                                               supply shortages included in the viability scenario modelling.
     sustainability-linked bond. The Committee will continue to                                          The approach to impairment modelling and TCFD was aligned
     discuss the appropriate use of ESG-related metrics within its                                       with this for consistency. A risk-weighted cash flow approach
     current and future funding strategy and the mechanism for ESG                                       in the impairment modelling was applied to align with the FRC’s
     assessment. For further information on the Group’s environmental                                    recommended approach to incorporate future risk. Our
     commitments and details of the sustainability-linked targets,                                       impairment methodology in presented in Note 15.
     visit www.tescoplc.com/investors/debt-investors.
     (a) The FRC review notes that its reviews are not intended to provide assurance to stakeholders that the previous reports were correct in all material respects.


70   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance




Significant financial statement reporting issues
The Committee considered the following significant issues during the year. As part of these considerations, the Committee received
updates from management and sought assurance from the internal and external auditors. The Committee was satisfied with how each
of the significant issues discussed were addressed.

Issue                    How the issue was addressed by the Committee
Going concern basis      The Committee reviewed and challenged management’s assessment of forecast cash flows including sensitivity to trading and
for the financial        expenditure plans, and for the potential impact of uncertainties including a macroeconomic downturn, more severe global supply
statements and           shortages, a data breach and climate change. The Committee also considered the Group’s financing facilities and future funding
viability statement      plans. Based on this, the Committee confirmed that the application of the going concern basis for the preparation of the financial
                         statements continued to be appropriate, with no material uncertainties noted, and recommended the approval of the viability
                         statement. For further information, see page 38 of this Annual Report.
Acquisitions and         The Committee considered the accounting and disclosures in relation to the acquisitions of Tesco Underwriting Limited (formerly
disposals                an insurance joint venture) and The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership (formerly a property joint venture). The Committee
                         considered the disclosures related to the cash flows and loss on disposal of the Group’s corporate business in Poland, which
                         completed on 16 March 2021. For further information, see Notes 7 and 34 to the financial statements.
Impairment               The Committee reviewed and challenged management’s impairment testing of goodwill, in particular in relation to Tesco Bank, and
                         the Group’s portfolio of store cash-generating units. The Committee considered the key assumptions and methodologies for both
                         value in use models and fair value measurements in order to conclude on the appropriateness of the impairment losses and
                         reversals recognised. This included challenging projected cash flows discount rates and the use of independent third-party
                         valuations as well as considering the uncertainties arising from a macroeconomic downturn, more severe global supply shortages
                         and climate change. The Committee also reviewed the impairment disclosures. For further information, see Note 15 to the financial
                         statements.
Tesco Bank expected The Committee reviewed and challenged management’s allowance for expected credit losses on Tesco Bank financial assets,
credit losses (ECL) considering the appropriateness of key assumptions, methodologies, macroeconomic scenarios and management overlays.
                    For further information, see Note 26 to the financial statements.
Pensions                 The Committee reviewed and challenged the estimates used by management in valuing pension liabilities, including discount,
                         inflation rates and mortality rates. For further information, see Note 30 to the financial statements.
Contingent liabilities   The Committee further considered management’s assessment of the status of ongoing regulatory investigations and litigation
                         relating to prior periods. For further information, refer to Notes 28 and 35 of the financial statements.
Recognition and          The Committee continued to monitor commercial income controls across the Group and discussed the outcome of the cyclical
disclosure of            internal audits on commercial income and key financial controls. See Notes 1 and 22 to the financial statements for further details
commercial income        on commercial income.
Adjusting items          The Committee considered the presentation of the Group’s financial statements and the appropriateness of the presentation of
                         adjusting items. The Committee reviewed the nature of the adjusting items identified and concurred with management that the
                         treatment was clear, balanced and consistently applied across years. Consideration was also given to the quality of earnings within
                         adjusted results and related disclosures. See Note 1 to the financial statements for a definition of adjusting items and Note 4 for an
                         analysis of adjusting items.
Alternative              The Committee reviewed the Group’s APMs presentation and disclosure, including their level of prominence, and considered
performance              changes in APMs and the clarity of APM reconciliations.
measures (APMs)
Change in accounting The Committee reviewed the change in accounting policy and prior-year restatement in relation to property buybacks. See Note 1
policy               to the financial statements for further information on this change in accounting policy.
Ukraine war              In light of the war in Ukraine which commenced on 24 February 2022, the Committee considered management’s assessment of the
                         impact on the financial statements both as at the balance sheet date and subsequently, in particular with respect to impairment,
                         Tesco Bank ECL provisions, pensions, financial risks and related sensitivity disclosures. For further information, refer to Note 1.



Audit Committee membership                                                           Audit Committee meetings
All the Committee members are independent Non-executive                              The Committee held five scheduled meetings during the year, two
Directors and the Board is satisfied that Byron Grote, Melissa                       of which were held by video conference while the remaining three
Bethell, Simon Patterson and Karen Whitworth have significant,                       were held in person once COVID-19 restrictions had eased. Each
recent and relevant financial experience. Additionally, Byron Grote,                 meeting followed a distinct agenda to reflect the financial reporting
having held a Chief Financial Officer role for a significant period,                 cycle and particular matters for the Committee’s consideration.
and Karen Whitworth, as a Chartered Accountant, are considered
suitably qualified in accounting and/or auditing. The Board considers                The Committee has a periodic and structured forward-looking
that the Committee members collectively have competence relevant                     planner. This is designed to ensure that responsibilities are
to the Company’s sector, in addition to their general management                     discharged in full during the year and that regulatory developments
and commercial experience. The Committee members’ expertise                          continue to be brought to the Committee’s attention. Meeting
and experience is set out in each of their biographies on pages 48                   content is regularly reviewed with management and Deloitte,
to 51. Stewart Gilliland retired as a Committee member on                            evolving to support appropriate discussion.
7 April 2021 and Mark Armour, also a former Committee member,
retired from the Board at the 2021 AGM on 18 June 2021.                              A written and oral update is provided to the Board following each
                                                                                     meeting. Committee meetings are generally scheduled close to
At the invitation of the Chair of the Committee other regular                        Board meetings to facilitate effective and timely reporting.
attendees include: the Non-executive Chairman, Executive
Directors, Group General Counsel, the Chief Audit and Risk Officer,                  Committee members regularly hold private sessions following
the Chief Technology Officer and representatives of the external                     each meeting with each of the Chief Audit and Risk Officer and
auditor. Robert Welch is appointed as Secretary to the Committee.                    the external auditor to provide an additional opportunity for
                                                                                     open dialogue and feedback without management present.
                                                                                     The Committee Chair also meets with the Chief Financial Officer,
                                                                                     Chief Audit and Risk Officer and external auditor on an ad hoc
                                                                                     basis and prior to each Committee meeting.


                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022            71
     Audit Committee continued


     Committee effectiveness review                                          The overall assessment concluded that Group Audit was ‘effective’,
     In response to last year’s recommendations, the Committee               with good ratings across all measures. The Committee satisfied
     undertook a systematic review of each principal risk and its            itself with the effectiveness of Group Audit by considering the
     mitigating factors with further development of the risk                 results of this assessment, as well as through ongoing review and
     identification and prioritisation set out on page 31. We also           oversight of the assurance activities.
     held a deep dive on cyber security risks, details of which can
     be found on page 70. The Committee was evaluated this year              In the year, the Committee approved the Group Risk Charter
     as part of the Board evaluation process and was rated highly            which defines the accountabilities for conducting risk management
     overall, see page 61 for further details. The review found that         activities, ensuring transparency and a clear line of separation to
     the Committee was operating effectively and that its broad role         preserve the independence of Group Risk and Group Audit from
     and remit remained appropriate for the current needs of the             the business.
     business. The Chair’s role in balancing a demanding agenda
     efficiently and allowing for adequate discussion of the most            Internal controls
     significant areas was recognised. In response to the Committee’s        Management is responsible for identifying and managing risks,
     evaluation, opportunities for further improvement were identified       and for maintaining a sound system of internal control. The internal
     in relation to technology-related risks and sustainability reporting,   control framework is intended to effectively manage rather than
     which will receive greater focus in 2022/23.                            eliminate the risk of failure to achieve our business objectives.
                                                                             It can only provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance
     Group Audit                                                             against the risk of material misstatement or financial loss. The key
     Group Audit (previously Internal Audit) sits within the Group           elements of the Group’s internal control framework are monitored
     Risk & Audit function. It reports directly to the Committee and         throughout the year and the Committee has conducted a review
     administratively to the Chief Financial Officer, with a remit to        of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
     provide independent and objective assurance over our Group’s            control systems on behalf of the Board. The Committee’s review
     prioritised risks and management structures. Group Audit plays          of the effectiveness of internal controls has encompassed a
     an integral role in our governance structure and provides regular       review of various reports provided by management, Group Control
     reports to the Committee on the effectiveness of governance,            and Compliance, Group Risk, Group Audit and External Audit.
     systems, processes and controls across the Group.                       Annually, the Committee reviews the Group Treasury Policy which
                                                                             contains a framework and approach to managing treasury risks.
     Group Audit’s activity is primarily driven by the Internal Audit        The Committee also receives risk management updates from
     Plan (the Audit Plan) that reflects the key risks Tesco faces,          various areas of the business including Pensions and Tesco Bank.
     the governance frameworks, management structures and the                Further information on the risk management process undertaken is
     operations. Following approval by the Committee, on an annual           included on page 31. Specifically for internal controls over financial
     basis, the Audit Plan remains under review and subject to change        reporting, a key finance controls framework is maintained and used
     throughout the year to ensure changes to the risk profile or key        as the basis for focused second-line control activities; the results
     drivers are appropriately considered. The Committee reviews             of which have been reported to the Committee through the year.
     and approves all changes to the Audit Plan and receives regular         This key finance controls framework is currently being enhanced
     updates on the outcome of the work performed.                           to meet the future needs of a UK SOX regime.

     Management culture is considered through evaluation of the              Audit and Assurance Policy
     control environment as part of every audit undertaken. However,         In line with the recommendations outlined in the consultation
     a structured methodology and approach for dedicated culture             paper issued by Department for Business Energy and Industrial
     audits is under consideration for inclusion in the plan for future      Strategy on Restoring Trust in Audit and Corporate Governance,
     years. Beyond the Audit Plan, Group Audit also undertakes several       the Group will document and implement an Audit and Assurance
     other assurance activities including continuous programme               Policy (the AAP). Group Risk & Audit is tasked with the responsibility
     controls reviews, pre-and/or post-implementation audits,                for facilitating the development of the AAP, in coordination with
     advisory reviews, and other management-requested assurance.             other functions across the three lines of defence.
     The reporting of these reviews is often unrated and is less
     structured to enable timely advice to the business. The results of      External audit
     these reviews are also presented and reviewed by the Committee.         Deloitte continued as the Group’s external auditor for the 2021/22
                                                                             financial year. Deloitte shared a further independent perspective
     The 2021/22 Internal Audit Plan and additional assurance activities     on certain aspects of the Group’s financial control systems arising
     undertaken by Group Audit have been completed and reviewed              from its work and reported both to the Board and the Committee.
     by the Committee, which has also reviewed and approved the
     2022/23 Internal Audit Plan.                                            The Committee reviews the role of the external auditor and the
                                                                             scope of its work regularly and will also consider future needs as
     Group Audit effectiveness reviews                                       part of the AAP. The Committee also considers the effectiveness of
     In line with the Internal Audit Charter, Committee terms of             the external auditor on an ongoing basis during the year. Amongst
     reference, and the recommendations of the Internal Audit Code           others, the review covers Deloitte’s independence, objectivity,
     of Practice, the Committee conducted an annual assessment               appropriate mindset, and professional scepticism. Conclusions are
     of the effectiveness of Group Audit. This assessment was                based on its own observations and interactions with the external
     facilitated by Lintstock Ltd, an independent company, who               auditor and having regard to the FRC’s ‘Revised Ethical Standard 2019’.
     provided the assessment reports which were considered by
     the Committee Chair, the Chief Financial Officer, and the Chief         Non-audit services
     Audit and Risk Officer. This assessment included consideration of       The FRC’s ‘Revised Ethical Standard 2019’ has reduced the areas
     the structure and scope of the work, capabilities, independence,        where the external auditor can provide non-audit services, such
     the adequacy and responsiveness of the audit plan, the quality          that only certain types of non-audit services which are closely
     of audit reports, engagement with stakeholders and the use of           related to an audit or required by law or regulation can be
     technology and data analytics.                                          provided. The Revised Standard also provides a transitional
                                                                             provision that allows a previously permissible service to continue,
                                                                             provided that certain conditions are satisfied. The Committee
                                                                             oversees the process for approving all non-audit work provided


72   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance




External audit fees: non-audit and audit-related services
                                                                                                                 Key              Increase           No change           Decrease
                                                  Level of fees        Level of fees
                                                    in 2021/22           in 2020/21
Nature of service                                          (£m)                 (£m)       Change     Safeguards to preserve independence and objectivity
Provision of reporting accountant                             –                 0.6                   Engagement team separate to the audit team with independent
services relating to Group disposals,                                                                 reviews and working with informed management. Services were
working capital and profit forecast                                                                   completed in 2020/21.
reporting
Audit of Parent Company Interim                               –                 0.3                   This is an audit-related service carried out by members of the
Accounts drawn up to support the                                                                      engagement team and the work is closely related to the work performed
special dividend to shareholders                                                                      in the audit. The threats to independence are insignificant and
                                                                                                      safeguards need not be applied. Services were completed in 2020/21.
Forensic services: provision of data                       0.6                  0.8                   Careful consideration of the scope of services and related threats, in
repository services for information                                                                   particular the objective, reasonable and informed third-party test.
needed for disclosure purposes as                                                                     Threats are mitigated by having a separate engagement team not
part of ongoing claims(a)                                                                             involved in the audit, the subject matter being historical and factual in
                                                                                                      nature, working with informed management and audit partner rotation.
Other non-audit services: various                          0.4(b)               0.3                   Careful consideration of the scope of services to ensure the self-review
audit, assurance and compliance-                                                                      and management threats are mitigated, together with working with
related services permissible under                                                                    informed management. Clear separation of the engagement teams has
the FRC’s ‘Revised Ethical Standard                                                                   also been established where required.
2019’ and its transitional provisions
Interim Review performed under                             0.5                  0.5                   The Interim Review is considered a non-audit service under the FRC
International Standards of Review                                                                     ‘Revised Ethical Standard 2019’, although the objectives of the review
Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410                                                                     are aligned with those of the audit.
Total                                                       1.5(c)              2.5(d)
(a) Engagement predates Deloitte’s appointment as external auditor. Deloitte’s engagement on this work has now ceased.
(b) Increase driven by assurance services relating to sustainability KPIs.
(c) £129,773 of the 2021/22 fees are not subject to the cap (all within Other non-audit services). The remaining fees are all subject to the cap.
(d) £25,000 of the 2020/21 fees are not subject to the cap (all within Other non-audit services). The remaining fees are all subject to the cap.



by the external auditor to safeguard the objectivity and                                              Deloitte was appointed at the AGM in June 2015 following the
independence of the auditor and comply with regulatory and                                            conclusion of a formal tender process for the statutory audit
ethical guidance. Where Deloitte has been chosen, they have                                           contract. The Company is in compliance with the requirements
demonstrated the relevant skills and experience making it an                                          of The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market
appropriate supplier to undertake the work in a cost-effective                                        Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender Processes
and time-efficient manner, with appropriate safeguards in place.                                      and Audit Responsibilities) Order 2014, which relates to the
                                                                                                      frequency and governance of external audit tenders and the
Our policy for non-audit services is compliant with the FRC’s                                         setting of a policy on the provision of non-audit services. The
‘Revised Ethical Standard 2019’. In line with regulation, the Group                                   Committee reviews and makes a recommendation to the Board
is required to cap the level of non-audit fees paid to its external                                   with regard to the reappointment of the external auditor, Deloitte,
auditor at 70% of the average audit fees paid in the previous                                         each year. In making this recommendation, the Committee
three consecutive financial years.                                                                    monitored and assessed their effectiveness, objectivity,
                                                                                                      independence, partner rotation and any other factors that may
In 2021/22, Deloitte received total fees of £13.2m (2020/21: £13.1m)                                  impact the Committee’s judgement regarding the external auditor.
consisting of £11.7m of audit fees (2020/21: £10.6m), and £1.5m for                                   The Committee monitored compliance with the Group’s policy on
non-audit and audit-related services (2020/21: £2.5m). This is an                                     the employment of former Deloitte employees and concluded the
increase of £0.1m in total fees versus 2020/21. The total of                                          auditors remained independent. Based on the performance of the
Deloitte’s non-audit and audit-related service fees in the year                                       auditor and its knowledge of the business, the Committee believes
equated to 13% of the audit fees for 2021/22 and 15% of the                                           that it is in the best interests of shareholders to continue to
average audit fees for the last three years. Fees paid to Deloitte                                    recommend Deloitte as the external auditor and that a competitive
are set out in Note 3 to the financial statements. Details of the                                     tender process should be conducted no later than 2025.
significant non-audit work undertaken this year are set out in the
table above. As mentioned therein, Deloitte has been providing
forensic technology and data support services since before they
became the Group auditor. The transitional provision of the FRC’s
‘Revised Ethical Standard 2019’ has been applied on the basis that
the service was deemed permissible under previous independence                                                  Fair, balanced and understandable statement
rules and the work was contracted and commenced prior to when                                                   The Committee considered this Annual Report and
the Revised Standard became effective.                                                                          Financial Statements 2022, taken as a whole, and
                                                                                                                concluded that the disclosures, as well as the processes
Effectiveness and appointment of auditor statement                                                              and controls underlying its production, were appropriate.
The Committee conducted an audit effectiveness review of                                                        The Committee recommended to the Board that the
Deloitte in January 2022, which was facilitated by an independent                                               Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 is fair,
company, Lintstock Ltd. The review evaluated the relationship                                                   balanced and understandable while providing the necessary
between the auditors and audit stakeholders. The reviews                                                        information to assess the Company’s position and
concluded that the external auditor was effective, and the                                                      performance, business model and strategy.
Committee recommended to the Board that Deloitte be
reappointed at the 2022 AGM. The effectiveness of Deloitte
is continually monitored by the Committee through regular
engagement with senior management and private meetings.



                                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022         73
     Directors’ remuneration report




     Chair’s letter.
                                                                           “Our revised remuneration policy is aligned
                                                                            with our refreshed purpose and new
                                                                            strategy, showing the importance that
                                                                            we place on making progress for the
                                                                            benefit of our planet and our communities
                                                                            as well as our customers.”
                                                                            Steve Golsby
                                                                            Independent Non-executive Director

     Committee members
     Director                                               Member since    Dear Shareholder
     Steve Golsby: Remuneration Committee Chair           October 2017      I am pleased to present this year’s Directors’ remuneration report
     John Allan: Chair, Tesco PLC                          March 2015       on behalf of the Remuneration Committee (“the Committee”).
     Thierry Garnier: Non-executive Director                 April 2021     This year the report introduces our new remuneration policy
     Byron Grote: Senior Independent Director                 July 2015     and how it will be implemented. The report also provides context
     Alison Platt: Remuneration Committee Chair designate    April 2016     and insight into our pay arrangements for Non-executive
     Lindsey Pownall: Corporate Responsibility Chair         June 2021      Directors and Executive Directors including the assessment
                                                                            of 2021/22 performance and pay, and our focus on pay
     Quick facts                                                            fairness across the Group.
     The Committee determines the remuneration policy and
     packages for Executive Directors and senior managers.                  The new remuneration policy will be put forward for
     When setting and operating this policy, the Committee also             shareholder consideration and binding vote at the 2022 AGM
     considers workforce remuneration, alignment with strategy              and the remuneration report, describing how the current policy
     and culture. This enables Tesco to recruit, retain and motivate        was put into practice during 2021/22 and how the new policy
     its executives as part of an integrated overall approach to            will be implemented in 2022/23, will be put to an advisory vote
     remuneration. The Committee is mindful of the wider public             at the 2022 AGM.
     debate around executive pay and aims to ensure that executive
     remuneration reflects Group performance and can be justified           Our new purpose and strategy
     to internal and external stakeholders.                                 As part of our interim results, Ken Murphy announced Tesco’s
                                                                            refreshed purpose and new strategic priorities. Our refreshed
     We set out below details of the key decisions the Committee            purpose reflects our commitment to the communities we serve
     took in 2021/22:                                                       and the wider environment. It will ensure their interests, along
                                                                            with serving customers a little better every day, drive our decision-
     – reviewing and agreeing any amendments to the current                 making. We have designed our strategic priorities to ensure we
       remuneration policy against the refreshed purpose and                do the basics brilliantly, grow, or at least maintain, market share
       new strategic priorities;                                            in our core UK market and embed sustainability in every decision
     – determining Executive Directors’ salaries for 2022/23;               we make, all while operating as efficiently as possible.
     – determining 2021/22 incentive outcomes for Executive
       Directors and Executive Committee members, particularly              These ambitions and strategic priorities are reflected in our
       in light of the wider socio-economic environment and the             incentive arrangements. You can find further details in the
       continued impacts of COVID-19;                                       At a glance section.
     – setting challenging targets for annual bonus and long-term
       incentives in a particularly uncertain and challenging               Our remuneration policy
       environment. In particular, setting robust and appropriate
                                                                            In line with corporate governance requirements, our remuneration
       carbon, food waste and diversity targets, which are new
                                                                            policy is reviewed every three years and approved by shareholders.
       measures for the Performance Share Plan (PSP) for 2022; and
                                                                            Following the appointment of Ken Murphy as our new Group Chief
     – agreeing adjustments to PSP targets arising from material
                                                                            Executive in October 2020, it was agreed that the Committee
       events that we did not anticipate at the time they were set.
                                                                            would undertake a light-touch review of the policy in 2021, with
     Quick index                                                            a more thorough review to be undertaken once Ken Murphy had
                                                                            established his new strategy. Shareholders approved the 2021
     Chair’s letter                                                  74
                                                                            remuneration policy at the AGM on 25 June 2021 with 93.68%
     At a glance                                                     77
                                                                            voting in favour. Changes included the alignment of maximum
     Summary of remuneration policy and implementation for 2022/23   80
                                                                            pension contribution for Executive Directors to that of the wider
     Wider remuneration at Tesco                                     83
                                                                            workforce and the extension of the post-cessation shareholding
     Context of executive pay                                        85
                                                                            requirement to 100% for two years.
     Remuneration report                                             88
     Remuneration policy                                             93     As planned, during 2021 the Committee undertook a review of
     Committee overview                                              99     the remuneration policy to ensure it aligns to Tesco’s refreshed
                                                                            purpose and new strategic priorities, and supports our continued


74   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




success. In doing so, we took into account the views of our             2021/22 incentive outcomes
investors through shareholder consultation and of our colleagues        The chart below demonstrates the performance outcomes of our
through our two-way Colleague Contribution Panels, as well as           2021/22 annual bonus and 2019 PSP. You can find full details of
considering the results of our strategic and corporate governance       performance against the 2021/22 individual objectives on page 88.
review. As a result, we have decided to retain our current
remuneration structure and incentive quantum levels.
                                                                        2021/22 annual bonus achievement
We are proposing one change to our remuneration policy for
shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM. This is the removal of            Adjusted operating
the financial underpin in the bonus, to simplify our arrangements                                 50%
                                                                        profit (50%)
and ensure that they are more aligned to market practice.
                                                                        Group sales
In addition, we are proposing one change to how we implement
                                                                                                  30%
                                                                        (30%)
our remuneration policy. That is to introduce non-financial ESG
performance measures into the PSP with a total weighting of 25%.                                  Ken Murphy 15%
                                                                        Individual objectives
                                                                        (20%)
The Committee was pleased to receive overwhelming support from                                    Imran Nawaz 15%
colleagues and investors for the above proposed changes to the
remuneration policy.
                                                                        2019 PSP achievement
Introducing ESG performance measures into the PSP
Recognising the importance of communities and the planet                Adjusted diluted EPS
                                                                        (50%)
                                                                                                  36.2%
in our refreshed purpose, we are pleased to introduce ESG
measures into the PSP. Following an extensive review of the
                                                                        Cumulative free cash
most appropriate measures for Tesco, and having considered              flow (50%)
                                                                                                  50%
feedback from our investors, the Committee will be introducing
the following performance measures, each with an equal
weighting of 8.33% (25% in total):
                                                                        The overall vesting level for the annual bonus is 95% of maximum
– carbon reduction, aligned to our commitment to be carbon              for both Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz. Neither Ken Murphy nor
  neutral in our own operations by 2035;                                Imran Nawaz was in role at the time of the 2019 PSP grant. The
– food waste reduction, aligned to our goal to reduce food              vesting level of the 2019 PSP award, which is 86.2% of maximum,
  waste from our own operations by 50% by 2025; and                     is therefore reported here for transparency and completeness.
– targeting the diversity of our leadership teams, so that we           Further details can be found in the At a glance section.
  better represent the communities we serve.
                                                                        The Committee has reviewed the appropriateness of these
We have chosen these measures as they reflect the material ESG          outcomes in light of the overall business performance, as well
priorities for Tesco. They are also aligned to our long-term business   as the wider stakeholder experience and the environment as a
strategy and reflect our ambition to be a market leader in this area.   whole. In particular, the Committee considered:
We aim to use measures that are robust and can be tracked and
explained. In line with this, our proposed measures are output          – Tesco’s strong performance during the year, as outlined in
measures that can be set with a clear methodology for their               more detail in the Chairman’s statement and Group Chief
calculation and audited to a recognised standard. Further details         Executive’s review;
can be found on pages 79 and 82.                                        – Group sales of £55,048m, up 3.0% year-on-year at constant
                                                                          exchange rates, with the UK business achieving 23 consecutive
Alongside our new ESG measures, we believe that profitable growth         periods of net switching gains and its highest market share in
and cash flow remain the key financial measures that are best             over four years;
aligned to the delivery and success of our new strategy over the        – the higher Group adjusted operating profit of £2,841m, up
medium and long terms. We therefore consider it appropriate to            58.9% year-on-year at constant exchange rates;
retain EPS and cumulative free cash flow measures, with an equal        – a strengthening of customer proposition, with customer
weighting of 37.5% each.                                                  perception of the brand improving by 9bps in the year and the
                                                                          UK business ending the year with its strongest relative price
Removal of the financial underpin in the annual bonus                     position in six years;
We are retaining the majority of the current annual bonus plan          – retail free cash flow increased by £937m year-on-year to
design. Payouts are based on profit, sales and individual objectives,     £2,277m;
with the policy requiring that at least 70% of the measures are         – an interim dividend of 3.20p and a recommended final dividend
financial. Although we considered including ESG measures, it was          of 7.70p. This is 19.1% higher than the previous year’s full-year
felt these are of a longer-term nature and therefore more suited          dividend;
to the PSP. However, we continue to include ESG measures in             – the commitment to buyback a total of £750m worth of shares
individual executive objectives where relevant.                           over the next 12 months; and
                                                                        – a ‘thank you’ bonus of 1.25% of annual earnings to be paid to our
We are introducing one change to the annual bonus, which is the           hourly-paid store, customer fulfilment centre and customer
removal of the financial underpin. As the Committee may exercise          engagement centre colleagues in May 2022.
discretion on the level of payouts, its track record of setting
stretching targets each year and the fact that each measure will
continue to be subject to the achievement of its own threshold
level of performance, we do not believe it is necessary to have
an additional hurdle and its removal will simplify the operation of
the annual bonus. As the annual bonus design applies to many
colleagues, its simplification will benefit more than just the
Executive Directors.


                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   75
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Chair’s letter continued
     We achieved this strong performance against a backdrop of                           Last year, the Committee determined that the 2021 PSP award
     significant change in the retail sector. Customers are faced with                   levels would be increased for Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz,
     an increasing range of choices as to where, how and when to shop,                   from 275% to 300% of salary for the CEO and from 250% to 275%
     with the COVID-19 pandemic accelerating a number of profound                        of salary for the CFO. This aimed to ensure that the leadership
     shifts in consumer behaviours. Our Executive Directors have                         team was appropriately incentivised to deliver growth and that
     successfully navigated this period of uncertainty as demonstrated                   their interests were appropriately aligned to shareholders.
     in their performance this year. Given the overall business                          The Committee was satisfied that these increases were supported
     performance achieved, the Committee is satisfied that the                           by sufficiently stretching targets. Following this one-off exceptional
     formulaic annual bonus and PSP outcomes are appropriate and                         increase in levels, the Committee has determined that it is
     reflect performance over the respective performance periods.                        appropriate to return the PSP grant sizes to the normal grant
                                                                                         size in 2022, of 275% and 250% of salary respectively for the CEO
     The chart below shows a breakdown of fixed and variable                             and CFO.
     remuneration paid to Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz in respect of
     2021/22 and 2020/21.                                                                Colleague engagement
                                                                                         We continued to hold Colleague Contribution Panels during the
                                                                                         year, using the opportunity to hear directly from colleagues across
                       Ken Murphy                            Imran Nawaz
                                                                                         the Group. We used these forums to discuss colleagues’ views
        £6m                                                                              on executive remuneration and other matters of interest to them.
                                                                                         In particular, we had a two-way dialogue about our proposed
                                                                                         remuneration policy for Executive Directors. The feedback we
        £5m        £4.75m
                                                                                         received was very supportive of the changes and the remuneration
                    £3.21m                                                               policy as a whole. Further details of our colleague engagement are
        £4m
                                                                                         set out on pages 57 and 84.

                                                                                         During the year, the Committee also reviewed all aspects of
        £3m                                                                              our employee value proposition to support our refreshed
                                                                                         purpose and new strategic priorities, of which the remuneration
                                                                                         policy is a key part. The Committee’s review also included our
                                                          £1.91m
        £2m                                                                              talent, performance management, leadership and learning
                                                          £1.24m                         propositions, as well as the pay, policies, incentives and
                   £1.54m                                                                demographics of the wider workforce.
         £1m
                                    £0.63m

                                    £0.63m                £0.67m
                                                                                         Committee changes
                                                                             £0          As announced on 25 January 2022, I will be stepping down from
           0
                                                                                         the Board and as Chair of the Committee at the conclusion of the
                   2021/22         2020/21               2021/22         2020/21         2022 AGM. I will be succeeded as Committee Chair by Alison Platt
                                                                                         and I would like to wish her every success. It has been a privilege to
        Fixed pay        Performance pay                                                 serve as Committee Chair and I would like to thank the members of
                                                                                         the Committee, both past and present, for all their support and
     (a) Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz joined the Board on 1 October 2020 and 1 May 2021,   guidance over the past four years.
         respectively.
     (b) Ken Murphy did not receive an annual bonus payout in 2020/21 as the financial
         underpin was not met.                                                           AGM
                                                                                         On behalf of the Committee, I would like to thank shareholders
     2022/23 salary and incentives                                                       for their input and engagement in the year, and we welcome any
     The Committee has reviewed the salary levels of the Executive                       comments you may have on this report.
     Directors and agreed increases of 2.25% for Ken Murphy and 4.29%
     for Imran Nawaz, which were below the increase given to hourly-
     paid store and customer fulfilment centre colleagues of 5.8%.
     Further details can be found on page 80.
                                                                                         Steve Golsby
     All incentive awards in relation to 2022/23 will be made in                         Remuneration Committee Chair
     accordance with the new remuneration policy, subject to
     shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM.




76   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance




At a glance.
Remuneration outcome for the year
The graphs below show the 2020/21 and 2021/22 fixed and variable pay of Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz versus the illustrative values available
under their reward packages for Minimum, On target and Maximum performance. We detail the full explanatory notes for each element of
remuneration on page 88.


Ken Murphy                                                                                        Imran Nawaz

Minimum(a)                                                                                        Minimum(a)


On target(a)                                                                                      On target(a)


Maximum(a)                                                                                        Maximum(a)

Total fixed and                                                                                   Total fixed and
variable pay 2021/22(c)                                                                           variable pay 2021/22(b)(c)
Total fixed and                                                                                   Total fixed and
variable pay 2020/21(c)                                                                           variable pay 2020/21
                           0       £1m       £2m      £3m       £4m       £5m      £6m                                         0      £1m      £2m      £3m       £4m      £5m        £6m

   Salary          Benefits          Pension         Annual bonus                                    Salary             Benefits       Pension         Annual bonus

(a) Minimum, On target and Maximum assumptions are set out on page 98; these exclude PSP awards and any buyout awards.
(b) Imran Nawaz was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1 May 2021. His 2021/22 fixed pay and benefits have been annualised to ensure a consistent comparison with
    the Minimum, On target and Maximum.
(c) Neither Ken Murphy nor Imran Nawaz received a PSP payout in 2020/21 and 2021/22.




    Annual bonus outturn (audited)
    The chart below shows the outcome of the 2021/22 annual bonus. We set out a summary of overall business performance on pages 3
    to 30 within the Strategic report.

                                                 Threshold                   Target                     Stretch                                         Outcome achieved
    Annual bonus metric                          (25% payout)             (50% payout)           (100% payout)                     Weighting         Ken Murphy         Imran Nawaz
    Group sales(a)                                                                                                                    30%                  30%                30%
                                                                                 Actual £55,048m

                                                 £50,124m                  £52,762m                £54,345m

    Adjusted operating profit(a)(b)                                                                                                   50%                  50%                50%
                                                                                      Actual £2,841m

                                                 £2,084m                   £2,315m                   £2,489m

    Individual objectives                        Details of performance are set out on page 88.                                       20%                  15%                15%
    Total                                                                                                                            100%                  95%                95%
    (a) Both performance metrics are defined in the same manner as the alternative performance measures set out on pages 207 to 209.
    (b) Actual adjusted operating profit performance exceeded the underpin.

    The performance outcome resulted in the following annual bonus payouts:

                                                                                                                                                             Actual annual bonus
                                                                                                                                                                    deferred into
                                                                                                       Annual bonus          Annual bonus                        shares (50% of
                                                                           2021/22 base salary          opportunity              outcome Actual annual bonus        actual annual
                                                                                      (£’000)             (% salary)         (% maximum)             (£’000)      bonus) (£’000)
    Ken Murphy                                                                           1,350                    250                  95               3,206                1,603
    Imran Nawaz                                                                            700                    225                  95                1,241                  621
    (a) Imran Nawaz’s annual bonus has been pro-rated to reflect his appointment as Chief Financial Officer on 1 May 2021.




                                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                     77
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     At a glance continued
        2019 PSP outturn (audited)
        The chart below shows the outcome of the 2019 PSP award. Neither Ken Murphy nor Imran Nawaz was granted awards as they
        preceded their joining dates. We set out further details of the award on page 89.

                                                                 Threshold                                                Stretch
        PSP metric                                               (25% payout)                                       (100% payout)               Weighting                 Outcome achieved
        Cumulative free cash flow(a)(b)                                                                                                             50%                                 50%
                                                                                                       Actual £5.5bn

                                                                 £3.2bn                                                  £5.4bn

        Adjusted diluted EPS(c)                                                                                                                     50%                               36.2%
                                                                                                    Actual 21.8p

                                                                 18.0p                                                     24.0p
        Total                                                                                                                                      100%                               86.2%

        (a) The cumulative free cash flow measure reflects adjustments for the settlement of claims from shareholders in connection with the overstatement of profit announced in
            2014 and from the purchasers of the Homeplus business in Korea in 2015. We set out further details on page 89.
        (b) The definition of cumulative free cash flow remains consistent with the definition of retail free cash flow at the time the 2019 PSP targets were set and has not been restated to
            the amended alternative performance measure definition. Refer to page 211 for a reconciliation between this measure and the alternative performance measure definition.
            From the 2022 PSP grant performance targets will be set based on the new alternative performance measure definition.
        (c) The adjusted diluted EPS metric reflects an adjustment to the weighted average number of shares to neutralise the impact of share buybacks during the year, as the targets
            were set excluding buybacks. Inclusive of the share buybacks (calculated with the actual weighted average number of shares) the payout would be 36.6%.




     Strategic alignment disclosure for 2022/23 implementation
     The table below sets out Tesco’s incentive performance measures and how these align to our strategic priorities and purpose.

                                                            Alignment                                                    Alignment                                        Alignment
                                                            to strategy                                                  to strategic priorities                          to purpose

     2022/23 annual bonus
      Group sales (30%)                                     Our ambition is to drive top-line growth by
                                                            increasing customer satisfaction relative
                                                            to the market and growing, or at least
                                                            maintaining, our core UK market share.


      Adjusted operating                                    Our ambition is to grow absolute profits
                                                            while maintaining sector-leading margins
      profit (50%)                                          through leveraging our assets efficiently
                                                            across all channels, exploiting new revenue
                                                            streams across our digital platform and
                                                            targeting productivity initiatives.

      Individual objectives (20%)                           Individual objectives are aligned to our
                                                            purpose and strategic priorities.




     Strategic priorities                                                            Purpose
             Magnetic Value                        Easily the Most
                                                                                                Customers
             for Customers                         Convenient
             I love my Tesco                                                                    Communities
                                                   Save to Invest
             Clubcard

                                                                                                Planet




78   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance




                                                    Alignment                                                  Alignment                                     Alignment
                                                    to strategy                                                to strategic priorities                       to purpose

2022 PSP
Adjusted diluted EPS (37.5%)                       Profitable growth and free cash flow are
                                                   key financial measures that are aligned to
Cumulative retail free                             the delivery and success of our new
cash flow (37.5%)                                  strategy over the medium and long terms.


ESG                   Carbon                       This is aligned to the Group’s commitment
                                                   to be carbon neutral across our own
measures              reduction                    operations by 2035 and brings to life our
(25%)                                              purpose to serve our planet a little better
                                                   every day.

                      Food waste                   This is aligned to our goal of halving food
                                                   waste across our own operations by 2025
                      reduction                    and brings to life our purpose to serve our
                                                   planet a little better every day.
                     Diversity &                   We aim to increase the diversity of our
                     Inclusion                     leadership teams, so that we better
                                                   represent the communities we serve.




  Shareholding requirement (audited)
  The Committee wants to incentivise Executive Directors to take a long-term, sustainable view of the Group’s performance. For this
  reason, when the Committee looks at the remuneration paid in the year, it also looks at the total equity Executive Directors hold and its
  value based on the Group’s performance.

  The chart below sets out the progress of Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz toward the minimum shareholding requirement and how Ken’s
  shares could build up over the medium term. Following the vesting of some of his buyout awards, Imran has achieved 75% of his
  shareholding requirement of 300% of salary. As Ken joined Tesco on 1 October 2020, he has had limited opportunity to build up a
  holding in Tesco shares.

  Executive Director shareholdings % of base salary (audited)

  Ken Murphy - 2021/22                                                                        Imran Nawaz - 2021/22

     Actual 10%                                                        400%                     Actual 226%                                        300%

  Ken Murphy - potential build up of shareholding over time

   72%              104%             238%             341%             445%
  2022/23           2023/24          2024/25          2025/26          2026/27


  (a) Build up of shares is based on the 2021/22 annual bonus outcome and future annual bonus and PSP outcomes being 50% of maximum (of which 48.25% is deducted to cover
      statutory deductions), no change in base salary or quantum of awards, no dividend equivalents added and a constant share price of 289.62p.
  (b) Between 27 February and 12 April 2022 Ken Murphy acquired 50 partnership shares under the BAYE Plan. No other changes in Executive Director share interests occurred in the
      period.
  (c) Value of Executive Directors’ shareholdings is based on the three-month average share price of 289.62p to 26 February 2022.
  (d) As at 30 April 2021, Alan Stewart had exceeded his shareholding requirement of 300% of salary.


  The table below sets out the number and value of shares beneficially owned by Executive Directors at the beginning and end of the
  financial year. You can see full details of Executive Directors’ interests in share awards on page 90.

                                                                                                                                         Value of shares at  Value of shares at
                                                                                                   Shares held at       Shares held at         28/02/2021(a)      26/02/2022(b)
                                                                                                     28/02/2021           26/02/2022                (£’000)             (£’000)
  Ken Murphy                                                                                            35,045               46,924                     83                    136
  Imran Nawaz                                                                                                –              525,033                      –                  1,521

  (a) Based on the three-month average share price of 235.65p to 27 February 2021.
  (b) Based on the three-month average share price of 289.62p to 26 February 2022.
  (c) Alan Stewart retired (see page 90) from the Board on 30 April 2021 and held 127,153 shares as at that date (27 February 2021: 124,199 shares).
  (d) Both Sir Dave Lewis and Alan Stewart are subject to a post-employment shareholding requirement, which requires them to hold all shares awards granted to them since
      February 2019 up to the second anniversary of their respective departure dates, 30 September 2022 and 30 April 2023. Both continue to meet this requirement.




                                                                                                             Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                  79
     Directors’ remuneration report continued




     Summary of remuneration
     policy and implementation
     for 2022/23.
     The purpose of the remuneration policy remains to attract, retain and motivate the talent capable of delivering Tesco’s purpose and strategy
     and provide clear leadership. In this way, it aims to create long-term sustainable performance and increased shareholder value.

     The tables below set out a summary of the proposed remuneration policy for Executive Directors and the time period of each element of pay.
     We set out the full policy on pages 93 to 98.

     Total pay over five years
                                  Yr1                     Yr2                     Yr3                      Yr4                      Yr5

     Fixed pay (base
     salary, benefits
        and pension)

                        50% in cash              50% in shares
              Annual
                     One-year                    Three-year deferral period
               bonus performance period          No further performance conditions

                        Three-year                                                               Two-year
                 PSP performance period                                                          holding period




     Base salary
     Purpose and link to strategy                                              Implementation in 2022/23
     Supports the recruitment and retention of Executive Directors             Increases of 2.25% and 4.29% will be applied to the salaries of
     of the calibre required to develop and deliver the Group’s                Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz, respectively, so that the salaries
     strategic priorities.                                                     from 1 June 2022 are:
     Operation                                                                 Ken Murphy: £1,380,375
     Salaries are normally reviewed annually by the Committee, with            Imran Nawaz: £730,000
     changes being effective from 1 June. Any increases proposed will          Policy change
     normally be in line with the typical level of increase awarded to         No change.
     other colleagues.

     Benefits
     Purpose and link to strategy                                              Implementation in 2022/23
     Provides a market-competitive level of benefits to enable the             Normal Company benefit provision.
     recruitment and retention of Executive Directors.                         Policy change
     Operation                                                                 No change.
     Benefits take into account jurisdiction, typical benefits and the
     policy for other colleagues. We periodically review the range and
     value of benefits. There is no pre-determined maximum limit.

     Pension
     Purpose and link to strategy                                              Implementation in 2022/23
     Provides a competitive level of retirement income to enable the           Cash allowance of 7.5% of base salary.
     recruitment and retention of Executive Directors.                         Policy change
     Operation                                                                 No change.
     A defined contribution scheme or a cash allowance in lieu of
     pension. The maximum contribution for Executive Directors of
     7.5% of base salary is aligned to the wider workforce.




80   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                        Corporate governance




Annual bonus
Purpose and link to strategy                                        Implementation in 2022/23
Incentivises and recognises execution of the strategy on an         The following maximum opportunities will apply in 2022/23:
annual basis and aligns the interests of Executive Directors        – CEO 250% of salary
with shareholders through the 50% deferral of bonus outturn         – CFO 225% of salary
into Tesco shares.
Operation                                                           Performance measures(a) (as a percentage of maximum):
                                                                    – 50% adjusted operating profit
Maximum award of 250% of base salary. 50% of bonus earned is
                                                                    – 30% Group sales
deferred into Tesco shares for three years. Up to 25% of bonus
                                                                    – 20% individual objectives
is paid for threshold performance.
Performance is measured against financial and non-financial         (a) Both financial performance metrics are defined in the same manner as the
                                                                        alternative performance measures set out on pages 207 to 209.
metrics and targets are set at the beginning of the year.
At least 70% of bonus is based on financial performance.
                                                                    The Board considers bonus targets to be commercially
The Committee may apply judgement in making appropriate             sensitive as they could inform Tesco’s competitors about our
adjustments to bonus outcomes to ensure that they reflect           budgeting. However, full and transparent disclosure of targets
underlying business performance.                                    and performance outcomes will be set out in next year’s
Malus and clawback provisions apply.                                Annual Report.

                                                                    Policy change
                                                                    Removal of financial underpin.

PSP
Purpose and link to strategy                                        Implementation in 2022/23
To incentivise the achievement of the Company’s long-term           The following maximum opportunities will apply in 2022/23:
strategy and the creation of long-term shareholder returns.         – CEO 275% of base salary
Operation                                                           – CFO 250% of base salary
Maximum award of 350% of base salary. Up to 25% of an award
                                                                    Performance measures(a) (as a percentage of maximum):
may vest for threshold performance.
                                                                    – 37.5% adjusted diluted EPS
Awards are granted annually with vesting dependent on the           – 37.5% cumulative retail free cash flow
achievement of financial and non-financial performance              – 25% ESG measures
conditions over three years. They are also subject to an
additional two-year holding period after the vesting date.          (a) Both financial performance metrics are defined in the same manner as the
                                                                        alternative performance measures set out on pages 207 to 209.
EPS targets will take into account the planned level of share
buybacks over the performance period.                                           See page 82 for further details of PSP
The Committee may adjust the formulaic vesting outcome either                   awards to be granted in 2022/23.
up or down to ensure that the overall outcome reflects the
underlying business performance over the vesting period.            Policy change
Malus and clawback provisions apply.                                No changes to policy. Within the flexibility of the policy,
                                                                    introduction of ESG measures to awards made following the
                                                                    approval of the remuneration policy at the 2022 AGM. For the
                                                                    2022 PSP grants, ESG measures will have a total weighting of
                                                                    25% and will be based on carbon reduction, food waste
                                                                    reduction and the diversity of our leadership teams.

Shareholding requirement
The Group Chief Executive is expected to build and maintain a       Policy change
holding of shares to the value of 400% of salary, and the Chief     No change.
Financial Officer to 300% of salary. Shares counting towards
the guideline include beneficially owned shares (including shares
held by connected persons), the net of tax value of deferred
shares under the annual bonus (since they are not subject to
performance conditions) and any buyout awards not subject
to performance conditions. Following their departure from the
Company, Executive Directors are required to hold the lower
of their shareholding guideline or their actual shareholding in
a corporate sponsored nominee account for two years.
You can find details of the outstanding share awards held by
Executive Directors on page 90.




                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022            81
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Summary of remuneration policy and
     implementation for 2022/23 continued
     PSP awards to be granted in 2022/23
     As previously announced, as part of our strategy for creating long-term, sustainable value for our stakeholders, we are undertaking a share
     buyback programme. The Committee has therefore considered the potential impact of this on our EPS performance.

     When setting the 2022 PSP EPS targets, the Committee has considered our planned level of share buybacks over the performance period.
     We believe this to be appropriate given that share buybacks have been identified as an integral part of our new strategy over the performance
     period. As a result, we do not plan to adjust the targets in the future.

     The table below sets out the financial performance measures and targets for the 2022 PSP award grants:

                                                                                                                                                               Threshold              Stretch
     Metric                                                                                                                              Weighting          (25% vesting)       (100% vesting)
     Adjusted diluted EPS(a)(b)                                                                                                             37.5%                21.8p                32.8p
     Cumulative retail free cash flow(a)(b)                                                                                                 37.5%             £3,845m               £5,767m
     (a) Adjusted diluted EPS and cumulative retail free cash flow metrics are defined in the same manner as the reported alternative performance measures as set out on pages 207 to 209.
     (b) Both performance measures have straight-line vesting between threshold and stretch.


     The table below sets out the ESG performance metrics and targets for the 2022 PSP award grants.

                                                                                                                                           2021/22            Threshold               Stretch
     ESG metric                                                                                                     Weighting               actual         (25% vesting)        (100% vesting)
     Carbon reduction                                                                                                   8.3%                  52%                  56%                  60%
     Percentage reduction in Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions compared to a
     baseline year of 2015/16
     Food waste reduction                                                                                               8.3%                  45%                  48%                  55%
     Percentage change in tonnes of food wasted as a percentage
     of food handled compared to a baseline year of 2016/17
     Diversity & Inclusion (gender/ethnicity)                                                                           8.3%            26%/11%              32%/13%              40%/15%
     Percentage of female and ethnically diverse top global leaders compared to a
     baseline year of 2021/22


     The above measures reflect the material ESG priorities for Tesco and are aligned to our new strategic priorities. Tesco’s sustainability strategy
     will evolve over time and, as such, we anticipate that our ESG performance measures will simultaneously evolve to reflect this and any
     implementation and robustness learnings over time.

     Chairman and Non-executive Director fees
     The fees for the Chairman and the Non-executive Directors are reviewed each year. The Chairman’s fee is reviewed by the Committee
     (without the Non-executive Chairman present), and the Non-executive Director fees by a committee comprising the Chairman, Group Chief
     Executive and Chief Financial Officer. In 2021, following a review of independently sourced data, it was agreed to increase the average
     Non-executive Director fee by 2.1%, below the increase for hourly-paid store colleagues, from 1 September 2021, and to maintain the
     Chairman’s fee at its current level.

                                                                                                                                                          28 February to                From
                                                                                                                                                          31 August 2021     1 September 2021
     Non-executive Chairman fee                                                                                                                              £687,000             £687,000
     Non-executive Director fee                                                                                                                               £79,000              £80,500
     Additional fees:
     Senior Independent Director                                                                                                                              £28,000               £28,500
     Chairs of the Audit, Corporate Responsibility and Remuneration Committees                                                                                £32,000               £32,500
     Membership of Audit, Corporate Responsibility, Nominations and Governance, and Remuneration Committees                                                   £14,500               £15,000




82   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                           Corporate governance




Wider remuneration
at Tesco.
The principles of a fair workplace
To live up to our purpose, our colleagues need to reflect and represent the communities we serve. Tesco aims to be a place where colleagues
can get on, as they wish, irrespective of their background. We are proud of our long history of helping colleagues develop their careers in Tesco.

The following principles guide our approach to reward:




       Competitive                                     Simple                                 Fair                           Sustainable
        Setting pay with                      Helping all colleagues              Achieving consistent                    Aligning reward to
     reference to internal                   to understand how they            outcomes through flexible                 business strategy and
     relativity and external                      are rewarded                  and transparent policies                     performance
       market practices




How we bring our principles to life
Tesco provides colleagues across the Group with a competitive reward package. The Committee has responsibility for reviewing remuneration
and related policies for colleagues throughout the Group. This ensures we take the reward, incentives and conditions available to colleagues
into account when considering the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior management. Further details can be found on page 18.

In Tesco’s UK business in 2021/22, colleagues received a reward and benefits package in line with the elements set out in the table below.
The purpose of each element is the same for all colleagues, creating a consistent cascade throughout the organisation.

                                                                                                               WL1-3
                      Executive Directors, Executive Committee and WL4-5   Other colleagues                       Hourly-paid colleagues in stores
Base salary           Base salary supports the recruitment and retention of colleagues of the calibre, capability and experience needed to
                      perform their roles. Base salary provides fixed remuneration and reflects the size, scope and complexity of individual
                      role responsibilities.
Benefits              A market-competitive level of benefits for colleagues, enhancing the reward package and providing other reasons to
                      work at Tesco, such as discount in-store.
Pension               The opportunity to save for retirement, with the employing company matching employee contributions.
All-employee          The opportunity to purchase shares in Tesco.
share plans
Annual bonus          The opportunity for colleagues to receive an annual bonus for delivering business           Our pay approach aims to
                      and personal goals. The opportunity gives colleagues a balance between fixed and            provide regular and predictable
                      variable pay related to market practice based on role.                                      earnings through competitive
                      At senior levels, a proportion of any bonus is deferred into Tesco shares to                base pay for our hourly-paid
                      provide additional alignment with shareholders’ experience.                                 store colleagues.
                                                                                                                  We agreed with our unions in
                                                                                                                  2019 that hourly-paid colleagues
                                                                                                                  in stores would not receive an
                                                                                                                  annual bonus, replacing it with a
                                                                                                                  higher base rate of pay.
Performance           Colleagues with responsibility for long-term
Share Plan            Group performance are incentivised to achieve
                      Tesco’s strategy and create sustainable
                      shareholder value.
                      Measures and targets for long-term incentive
                      plans are consistent for all participants and
                      measured over a three-year period.
                      A two-year holding period after the vesting date
                      also applies at Executive Director level.




                                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022   83
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Wider remuneration at Tesco continued
     The balance between the different elements of remuneration                                      This was paid in April, May and June and reintroduced in December
     depends largely on the role and seniority of colleagues. Junior                                 to recognise their exceptional effort during the peak Christmas
     colleagues’ remuneration is principally fixed pay, reflecting our                               trading period. In June 2021, we awarded an additional 2%
     principle of helping to support a decent standard of living, where                              end-of-year recognition bonus to hourly-paid colleagues. In May
     regular pay levels help with personal budgeting and planning.                                   2022, we will again award a similar 1.25% end-of-year recognition
     For more senior colleagues, remuneration is weighted more                                       bonus to hourly-paid colleagues in the UK. We have also operated
     towards variable pay, which can increase or decrease based on                                   similar colleague recognition schemes in Central Europe.
     the performance they achieve against our goals. This approach
     to pay design also reflects each individual’s ability to influence                              Colleague engagement
     Tesco’s performance.                                                                            Engaging with colleagues and understanding their views is vital to
                                                                                                     the Committee and its decision making. During the year, three
     While the balance of the elements of remuneration may differ,                                   Colleague Contribution Panels were held to seek the views of
     we therefore have a consistent overall principle that all colleagues                            colleagues from across the Group on areas of specific interest to
     should be paid competitively against the relevant pay benchmark.                                the Board, its Committees and our colleagues. At the meetings,
                                                                                                     colleague representatives discussed the new remuneration policy.
     We regularly ask colleagues across the Group how they feel about                                The content also showed how remuneration is aligned across the
     pay and benefits at Tesco. In our 2022 Every Voice Matters colleague                            Group and how the same principles of remuneration are applied
     survey, 64% of colleagues agreed that the total reward package at                               across the entire workforce. The new remuneration policy was
     Tesco is competitive, which is well ahead of relevant external                                  received positively by the colleague representatives. We set out
     benchmarks. In addition, 84% of colleagues said they are able to                                further details of the Colleague Contribution Panels on page 57.
     work flexibly and 83% feel they can be themselves at Tesco without
     fear of judgement. Our colleagues are the heart of our business                                 During the year, the Committee reviewed the pay, policies,
     and Tesco remains committed to building an inclusive workplace                                  incentives and demographics of the wider workforce and the
     where everyone can get on. Our ongoing initiatives include:                                     findings from the Every Voice Matters colleague survey on
                                                                                                     remuneration. We used this information to guide our approach to
     – championing health and wellbeing to support our colleagues                                    Executive Director remuneration.
       in and out of work through a defined offer of mental, physical
       and financial wellbeing;                                                                      Change in remuneration of colleagues and directors
     – ensuring inclusivity in everything we do by embedding inclusive                               The table below shows the percentage change in the annual
       behaviours to build an inclusive workplace with a sense of                                    remuneration of Directors and the average UK colleague over the
       belonging, led by inclusive leaders;                                                          last three years.
     – equipping our colleagues with the skills they need to succeed
       now and in the future through various skills and career                                       The reporting regulations require disclosure of the change in
       programmes; and                                                                               remuneration of employees of the parent company. As the only
     – developing the next generation of talent through programmes                                   employees of this Company are the Executive Directors, the
       for interns, apprentices and graduates.                                                       Committee decided to use the average UK colleague as the
                                                                                                     appropriate comparator group. This is because they represent
     Our response to COVID-19 continues to be guided by doing the right                              the majority of Tesco colleagues and the Executive Directors are
     thing for our colleagues and other stakeholders. In 2020/21 we                                  predominantly based in the UK.
     thanked hourly-paid colleagues in the UK with a 10% bonus.
                                                                 Salary/fees (% change)                        Benefits (% change)                              Bonus (% change)
                                                           2021/22        2020/21         2019/20       2021/22        2020/21       2019/20          2021/22       2020/21(b)      2019/20
     Executive Directors
     Ken Murphy(b)(c)                                          0%               –              –         18.9%               –              –          100%                 –              –
     Imran Nawaz(d)                                             -               -              -             -               -              -             -                 –              –
     Non-executive Directors
     John Allan                                                0%            1.5%           3.4%         14.3%         (46.2)%         62.5%                –               –              –
     Melissa Bethell                                         2.2%           2.2%          172.7%         100%           (100)%          100%                                –              –
     Bertrand Bodson(e)                                         -               –              –             -               –             –                -               –              –
     Thierry Garnier(e)                                         -               –              –             -               –             –                -               –              –
     Stewart Gilliland                                       2.8%           5.0%          42.3%             0%        (50.0)%          300%                 –               –              –
     Steve Golsby(f)                                         8.1%           2.5%           22.2%            0%          (100)%         30.8%                –               –              –
     Byron Grote(f)                                         12.3%           3.0%            3.9%         100%           (100)%          100%                –               –              –
     Simon Patterson                                         2.2%           2.2%            4.7%         100%           (100)%          100%                –               –              –
     Alison Platt                                            2.8%           5.0%           17.4%          100%          (100)%            0%                –               –              –
     Lindsey Pownall(f)                                      9.2%            1.9%           2.9%         100%          (87.5)%       (20.0)%                –               –              –
     Karen Whitworth(e)                                         -               –              –             -               –             –                -               –              –
     Former Directors
     Alan Stewart(b)(c)(d)                                      0%            0%              0%         (3.4)%        (11.3)%          5.1%                -         (100)%        54.6%
     Mark Armour(c)                                           1.6%          2.2%            4.7%              -        (100)%          100%                 -              –            –
     Mikael Olsson(c)                                         1.9%          2.9%             5.1%             -        (100)%        (60.0)%                -              –            –
     Deanna Oppenheimer(c)                                    1.7%          2.8%           (7.7)%         200%        (66.7)%        (50.0)%                -              –            –
     Colleagues
     Average UK colleague                                    3.3%           6.8%           3.0%             0%             0%             0%           N/A(a)          N/A(a)      (100)%(a)
     (a) We agreed jointly with our unions in 2019 that hourly-paid colleagues in stores would no longer receive an annual bonus, replacing it with a higher rate of base pay.
     (b) No bonuses were paid to Executive Directors in 2020/21.
     (c) The 2020/21 salary and benefits of Ken Murphy and Alan Stewart, and the 2021/22 fees and benefits of Mark Armour, Mikael Olsson and Deanna Oppenheimer have been annualised to
         ensure a consistent comparison with the prior year.
     (d) Imran Nawaz joined the Board on 1 May 2021 and Alan Stewart retired from the Board on 30 April 2021.
     (e) Bertrand Bodson, Thierry Garnier and Karen Whitworth joined the Board on 1 June, 30 April and 18 June 2021, respectively, and Mark Armour, Mikael Olsson and Deanna Oppenheimer
         retired from the Board on 25 June 2021.
     (f) On 25 June 2021, Byron Grote was appointed Senior Independent Director, Steve Golsby joined the Nominations and Governance Committee and Lindsey Pownall joined the
         Remuneration Committee.

84   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance




Context of executive pay.
Provision 40 disclosures                                                Alignment to                          The Board reviews and adopts the Long Term
In developing our approach to remuneration, the Committee was           culture                               Plan (LTP) annually. The Committee reviews the
mindful of Provision 40 of the UK Corporate Governance Code                                                   measures and targets of the annual bonus and
and considers that the executive remuneration framework                                                       PSP each year to ensure measures and targets are
addresses the following factors:                                                                              aligned to the LTP, are appropriately challenging,
                                                                                                              support the Group’s culture and strategy, and
Clarity          The operation of our remuneration policy, its                                                create value for stakeholders. To further align
                 alignment to the purpose and strategy, and the                                               with the refreshed purpose, ESG metrics will be
                 necessary performance requirements are clearly                                               introduced into the PSP in 2022. To ensure our
                 disclosed. This provides clarity to all stakeholders                                         incentive schemes drive behaviours consistent
                 on the relationship between the successful                                                   with our purpose, values and strategy, we aim to:
                 implementation of the strategy and how our
                 leadership is rewarded.                                                                      – understand the remuneration of the wider
                                                                                                                 workforce;
                 Tesco has designated Non-executive Directors to                                              – ensure pay decisions are aligned across
                 host Colleague Contribution Panels comprising                                                   the Group; and
                 elected colleagues from across the Group to                                                  – engage with our stakeholders, including
                 engage on various topics to ensure internal clarity                                             our colleagues.
                 on remuneration. During the year, colleagues and
                 investors were consulted on the new remuneration
                 policy. You can find further details on how Tesco      Approach to target setting
                 engages with stakeholders on pages 20 and 21.          In determining the range of targets for each measure for the
Simplicity       The Company operates an approach to                    annual bonus and 2021 PSP grant, the Committee considered
                 remuneration that is simple to understand and          the Board-approved budget and LTP, market expectations,
                 familiar to stakeholders:                              prior-year achievement and the wider economic environment.
                                                                        The Committee also considered the Board’s assessment of
                 – fixed element: base salary, benefits and pension.    how achievable the budget is as part of its work to ensure
                 – short-term element: an annual performance-           targets are appropriately stretching.
                   related bonus with both financial and non-
                   financial metrics. Half is paid in cash and the      The Committee may use its discretion to adjust the formulaic
                   other half in Tesco shares deferred for three        outturns of annual bonus and PSP awards if it judges they do not
                   years; and                                           align with achieved results, or in light of unforeseen circumstances.
                 – long-term element: PSP awards vest after
                   three years on achievement of stretching             Comparator groups for remuneration
                   performance criteria and are subject to a            When setting the remuneration of Executive Directors, one of the
                   further two-year holding period.                     factors the Committee considers is the relevant markets for the
Predictability   Our remuneration policy contains details of            Executive Directors, which the Committee believes is the FTSE 50.
                 maximum opportunity levels for each component          When reviewing the CEO’s remuneration, the Committee also
                 of pay. Actual incentive outcomes vary depending       references remuneration of a group of leading international
                 on the level of performance achieved against           companies whose selection is based on their size and complexity.
                 specific measures.
Proportionality The annual bonus and PSP plans provide clear            The following chart sets out the market positioning of the CEO’s
                 alignment between incentive outcomes and the           and CFO’s on target and maximum remuneration compared to the
                 achievement of Tesco’s strategy, with stretching       FTSE 50. This is similar to the information the Committee uses as a
                 performance conditions set to award                    reference when setting executives’ remuneration, which enables
                 commensurate reward for commensurate                   the Committee to ensure remuneration levels are consistent with
                 performance. The use of annual bonus deferral,         the approved remuneration policy.
                 PSP holding periods and our shareholding
                 requirements (including after leaving Tesco)
                                                                                                                Ken Murphy                 Imran Nawaz
                 ensures that Executive Directors have a strong
                 drive to ensure that performance is sustainable                                     10,000
                 over the long term. The stretching performance




                                                                        Total remuneration (£'000)
                 conditions, along with the discretion available to                                  8,000
                 the Committee ensure that outcomes do not
                 reward poor performance.
                                                                                                     6,000
Risk             The remuneration structure aligns with Tesco’s
                 purpose, values and strategy, including
                 sustainability goals, and the long-term interests                                   4,000
                 of shareholders and other stakeholders.
                 The Committee has satisfied itself that the                                         2,000
                 remuneration arrangements do not encourage
                 risk-taking or behaviours that are incompatible or                                      0
                 inconsistent with these factors. The Committee                                               Target      Maximum         Target      Maximum
                 also has the discretion to apply malus and                                   Lower quartile to median
                 clawback in certain circumstances, including in                              Median to upper quartile        Tesco
                 the event of any behavioural risks.


                                                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022    85
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Context of executive pay continued
     Total shareholder return (TSR)
     The graph below illustrates the Company’s TSR performance (share price growth plus dividends paid) against the performance of the FTSE 100
     index over a 10-year period to 26 February 2022. We have chosen the FTSE 100 index because it is a broad-based index of which the Company
     has been a constituent member throughout the period.


                                   300

                                   250


      Value of hypothetical
                                   200                                                                                                                                                                            185
                                                                                                                                               153               158           152               154
                                                                                                                             148
                                   150                      123          124               131



          £100 invested
                                                                                                             119
                                               100
                                   100                      111          115                                                                                                                                      117
                                               100
                                                                                           88                                                                    81             86               88
                                    50                                                                       66              68                74


                                     0
                                             02/2012      02/2013     02/2014        02/2015               02/2016      02/2017          02/2018               02/2019      02/2020        02/2021              02/2022

              Tesco                      FTSE 100 Source: Datastream


     Group Chief Executive remuneration
                                                                     2012/13    2013/14             2014/15(a)         2015/16       2016/17         2017/18     2018/19   2019/20        2020/21(b)             2021/22
                                                                       Philip     Philip          Philip    Sir Dave   Sir Dave     Sir Dave        Sir Dave    Sir Dave   Sir Dave   Sir Dave            Ken        Ken
                                                                      Clarke     Clarke          Clarke        Lewis      Lewis        Lewis           Lewis       Lewis      Lewis      Lewis         Murphy     Murphy
     Group Chief Executive Single total
     figure of remuneration (£’000)                                   1,280      1,634             764       4,133      4,632         4,147           5,113      4,600      6,328       1,650            992      4,745
     Annual bonus outturn
     (% of maximum award)                                               0%         0%              0%              –     96%           76%            73%        52.5%     75.9%         0%              0%          95%
     PSP vest (% of maximum award)                                      0%         0%              0%              –       –             –            30%        28.8%     48.8%       23.1%              –            –
     Share option vesting
     (% of maximum award)                                               0%            –               –            –          –           –               –            –         –          –              –                     –
     (a) Philip Clarke stepped down as Group Chief Executive on 1 September 2014 and was succeeded by Sir Dave Lewis on the same date.
     (b) Sir Dave Lewis stepped down as Group Chief Executive on 30 September 2020 and was succeeded by Ken Murphy on 1 October 2020.


     Group Chief Executive remuneration compared to Tesco’s share price movement
     The graph below sets out the Group Chief Executive Single total figure of remuneration (STFR) compared to Tesco’s share price, rebased to
     £100 at 25 February 2012.


                                    7,000                                                                                                                                                                  140

                                    6,000                                                                                                                                                                  120



      CEO Single total figure of                                                                                                                                                                                  Value of £100 invested
                                    5,000                                                                                                                                                                  100

                                    4,000                                                                                                                                                                  80




       remuneration (£’000)                                                                                                                                                                                        on 25 February 2012
                                    3,000                                                                                                                                                                  60

                                    2,000                                                                                                                                                                  40

                                    1,000                                                                                                                                                                  20

                                         0                                                                                                                                                                 0
                                               02/2012    02/2013    02/2014      02/2015           02/2016        02/2017         02/2018       02/2019         02/2020      02/2021      02/2022

              Tesco share price                          CEO Single total figure of remuneration

     (a) Where there has been a change in Group Chief Executive in the year, we have included the remuneration of both Group Chief Executives. This impacts the years ending February 2015 and
         February 2021.


     Relationship between the pay of the Group Chief Executive and UK employees
     Tesco is a retail business with one of the UK’s largest workforces, employing around 300,000 colleagues, who are mostly in customer-facing
     roles in-store or working in our distribution network. Given the workforce profile, all three of the Group Chief Executive pay ratio reference
     points compare our Group Chief Executive’s remuneration with that of colleagues in mainly customer-facing roles. There is relatively little
     difference in the outcomes, as we show opposite. Whatever the Group Chief Executive pay ratio, Tesco will continue to invest in competitive
     pay for all colleagues.




86   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance




The following table shows the ratio between the consolidated STFR               In the case of the Group Chief Executive, his total remuneration
of the Group Chief Executive for 2021/22 and the lower-, median-                comprises a significant proportion in variable pay. His STFR will
and upper-quartile pay of our UK colleagues. We also show for                   therefore vary considerably depending on the level of performance
comparison the pay ratios for the three preceding years.                        against the metrics driving the annual bonus and PSP. In 2021/22
                                                                                the annual bonus paid out at 0% of maximum potential compared
The total full-time equivalent (FTE) pay and benefits for the relevant          to 95% in 2021/22. This has resulted in a significant increase in the
colleagues is based on the period from 7 February 2021 to 5                     Group Chief Executive’s pay ratio numbers this year.
February 2022. The reporting regulations offer three calculation
approaches for determining the pay ratio – Options A, B and C.                  Gender pay
We have chosen Option C for all years, which we deem the most                   We are pleased to report that for our 2020/21 report both our
appropriate methodology for Tesco.                                              median and mean GPG have decreased. Our median gender pay
                                                                                gap has decreased for the third consecutive year, to 6.7% - less
Total pay ratio                                                                 than half the UK national average of 15.4%, and our lowest number
                                     2018/19     2019/20   2020/21    2021/22   since we started reporting. Our median bonus gap has increased
Ratio of CEO’s STFR                                                             slightly to 26.5%.
25th percentile                       247:1       355:1      136:1      251:1
50th percentile                       226:1       305:1       118:1     224:1   Our GPG is attributable to two key factors. The first is having a
75th percentile                       209:1       279:1       116:1     216:1   higher number of male colleagues in our more senior roles. We
                                                                                are committed to increasing the percentage of female colleagues
                                                                                in such roles to ensure our leadership team truly reflects our
The table below sets out the base salary and total pay and
                                                                                customer base and wider colleague population. We will continue
benefit details of the Group Chief Executive and UK colleagues at
                                                                                to drive female representation across all roles to close the gap.
the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile.
                                                                                The other factor is that we have more male colleagues than female
                                                                      2021/22   colleagues who work Sundays, nights and bank holidays – shifts that
Group Chief Executive’s base salary                              £1,350,000     pay premiums - across our stores and distribution centres. If we
Group Chief Executive’s total pay and benefits                    £4,745,261    remove premium payments from the calculation, our median pay
UK colleagues’ salary                                                           gap reduces significantly, to 2.9%.
Colleague at 25th percentile                                          £17,853
Colleague at 50th percentile                                          £19,676
                                                                                We have included a stretching diversity and inclusion measure in
Colleague at 75th percentile                                          £21,450
                                                                                the PSP for 2022 to ensure we continue to build a workplace
                                                                                where everyone is welcome and our workforce represents the
UK colleagues’ total pay and benefits
                                                                                communities we serve.
Colleague at 25th percentile                                          £18,912
Colleague at 50th percentile                                          £21,217
                                                                                             See our Everyone’s Welcome Report for more
Colleague at 75th percentile                                          £21,937
                                                                                             information at www.tescoplc.com/sustainability/
                                                                                             taking-action/diversity/gender-pay.
As more than half of Tesco’s colleagues work part-time, the
exercise required to determine FTE is extensive and particularly
                                                                                Relative importance of spend on pay
complex. Tesco decided to use Option C as it had completed
                                                                                The table below indicates how the pay of Executive Directors
comprehensive data collation and analysis of all relevant colleagues
                                                                                compares with other financial dispersals.
for the purpose of gender pay gap (GPG) reporting. This enabled
us to use additional pay data (including overtime, salary sacrifice                                                             2020/21         2021/22
values and employer pension contributions) to ensure the STFR                                                                       £m              £m         % change
reflects total pay made throughout the financial year. This                     Executive Directors’                                 4.1            12.1          199%
approach minimised the differing definitions of pay for STFR and                remuneration(a)
GPG to enable us to select the ‘best equivalents’ of P25, P50 and               Dividends(b)                                     5,892              704           (88)%
P75. The only adjustments made to determine the pay and benefits                Total income taxes charge(c)                       104              510           390%
of the colleagues identified as P25, P50 and P75 related to working             Colleague costs(d)                               7,449            7,456            0.1%
hours, basing amounts on a 36.5-hour working week. We believe                   (a) Calculated on the same basis as the Single total figure of remuneration on page 88.
the ‘best equivalent’ colleagues identified are reasonably                      (b) See Note 8 of the financial statements for further information. The 2021/22 dividends
                                                                                    include a special divided of £4,948m.
representative of the 25th, 50th and 75th percentiles as Tesco has              (c) See Note 6 of the financial statements for further information.
compiled pay on an FTE basis. We reviewed pay across a sample of                (d) See Note 3 of the financial statements for further information.
employees at each percentile before selecting the employee who
was most representative.

As we set out on pages 83 and 84, we base our reward framework
across the Group on a consistent set of principles for all – that
overall remuneration should be competitive when compared to
similar roles in other organisations from which we draw our talent.
We therefore determine colleague pay using the same principles as
the pay for our Executive Directors. On this basis, we believe the
median ratio is consistent with the Company’s wider policies on
employee reward, pay and progression.




                                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                         87
     Directors’ remuneration report continued




     Remuneration report.
     Single total figure of remuneration – Executive Directors (audited)
     The following table provides a summary Single total figure of remuneration for 2021/22 and 2020/21 for the Executive Directors.

                                                                                        Ken Murphy(a)                          Imran Nawaz(a)                          Alan Stewart(b)
                                                                                     2021/22            2020/21              2021/22            2020/21              2021/22             2020/21
                                                                                       £’000              £’000                £’000              £’000                £’000               £’000
     Fixed pay
     Salary                                                                           1,350                 556                 581                    –                 128                750
     Benefits(c)                                                                         88                  31                  41                    –                   9                 55
     Pension                                                                             101                 42                  44                    –                  32                188
     Total fixed pay                                                                  1,539                 629                 666                    –                 169                993
     Variable pay
     Annual bonus (cash and deferred shares)(d)                                       3,206                  –                 1,241                   –                   –                  –
     PSP(e)(f)                                                                            -                  –                     -                   –               1,778                443
     Total variable pay                                                               3,206                  –                 1,241                   –               1,778                443
     Total fixed and variable pay                                                     4,745                629                1,907                    –              1,947               1,436
     Compensation for forfeited income(g)                                                 –                363                3,506                    –                   –                  –
     Total remuneration                                                               4,745                992                5,413                    –              1,947               1,436
     (a) Ken Murphy joined the Board as Group Chief Executive on 1 October 2020 and Imran Nawaz joined the Board as Chief Financial Officer on 1 May 2021.
     (b) Alan Stewart retired as Chief Financial Officer and from the Board on 30 April 2021 and received salary, benefits and pension allowance until this date.
     (c) Benefits include family-level private medical insurance, life assurance, a car or cash allowance and a driver. Benefits for Ken Murphy also include commuting support of £26,099, which
         includes the grossed-up cost of UK tax paid by the Company on his behalf.
     (d) The annual bonus is paid 50% in cash and 50% in shares deferred for three years subject to continued employment. See page 77 for further details of the 2021/22 annual bonus outturn.
     (e) 2019 PSP award for Alan Stewart will vest in June 2022. The amounts shown are indicative vesting values based on the average share price for the three-month period to 26 February 2022
         of 289.62p. Values include dividend equivalents added in shares since the date of grant. Of the vested amount, £364,394 relates to share price appreciation over the performance period.
         The award has been pro-rated to reflect the portion of the performance period he worked.
     (f) The PSP figure for Alan Stewart for 2020/21 has been restated, in line with statutory reporting requirements, using the actual share price at the date of vesting of 234.9p and includes
         dividend equivalents in respect of vested shares.
     (g) Compensation for forfeited income amount determined by (i) the value of buyout awards granted to Imran Nawaz amounting to £2,202,996 (including £6,868 relating to share price
         appreciation) to compensate for the forfeiture of incentive compensation from his previous employer, which vested during the year; (ii) the value of unvested buyout awards not subject
         to performance conditions (see Tranche 3 on page 90) amounting to £86,836 (39,312 shares valued at the 4 May 2021 grant date share price of 220.89p); and (iii) compensation for his Tate
         & Lyle commuter support and the first tranche of his vested 2018 restricted stock award, which were subject to forfeiture and repayable by him to Tate & Lyle on a gross basis upon his
         resignation, amounting to £1,216,069. We set out further details of the buyout awards granted to Imran Nawaz during the year on page 90.
     (h) The total aggregate remuneration paid to Directors in 2021/22 was £13.9m (2020/21: £5.9m).


     2021/22 annual bonus outcomes (audited)
     The annual bonus is determined by financial metrics and individual performance set at the start of the performance period designed to
     support the achievement of certain strategic outcomes. The 2021/22 annual bonus outcome is 95% for both Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz.
     As set out in the Chair’s letter, the Committee is satisfied that the formulaic annual bonus outcomes are appropriate and reflect performance
     over the performance period. We provide a breakdown of the overall outcome and details of the outturn of the financial metrics on page 77
     and you can see the achievement against individual objectives below.

     2021/22 achievement of individual objectives
     Executive Director   Objective 1                             Objective 2                             Objective 3                             Objective 4                            Total
     Ken Murphy           (5%)                                    (5%)                             (5%)                                           (5%)
                          Deliver strategy review                 Deliver portfolio review and     Deliver on ESG commitments                     Return cash to shareholders
                          Completed strategy review,              action plan                      Removal of plastic packaging -                 Delivered new capital
                          with details set out in the             Completed portfolio review of stretch.                                          allocation strategy and
                          interim results announcement            core areas of the business, with Targets met on carbon                          announced ongoing share
                          and multi-year performance              some work to be completed on reduction and proportion of                        buyback programme including
                          framework approved by the               the remaining parts of the       sales of healthier products.                   first tranche of £500m.
                          Board.                                  portfolio.
     Assessment           5%                                      2.5%                             2.5%                                           5%                               15%
     Imran Nawaz          (5%)                                    (5%)                             (5%)                                           (5%)
                          Build new financial LTP                 Develop and commence             Deliver on ESG commitments                     Develop finance team
                          Developed financial LTP based           finance transformation           Removal of plastic packaging -                 Strengthened Finance team
                          on the new strategy. Strong             strategy                         stretch.                                       and ways of working, with high
                          financial leadership of the             Finance transformation           Targets met on carbon                          engagement in developing the
                          Group to enable introduction            strategy approved by the         reduction and proportion of                    new strategy and focus on
                          of ongoing share buyback                Board. Work on financial         sales of healthier products.                   simplification and cost savings.
                          programme.                              systems and platforms to be
                                                                  completed.
     Assessment           5%                                      2.5%                             2.5%                                           5%                                     15%




88   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




2019 PSP vesting (audited)
The outcomes of the 2019 PSP awards are shown on page 78. As set out in the Chair’s letter, the Committee is satisfied that the formulaic PSP
outcomes are appropriate and reflect performance over the performance period. The awards will vest in June 2022. Details of the vesting of
Alan Stewart’s award are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Estimated value
                                      Number of              Number of                                                                                                               attributable to
                       Number           dividend        shares removed           Proportion of                                           Number of shares      Estimated face           share price
                      of shares       equivalent               for share         award vesting(a) Number of             Face value of vesting after time       value of shares      movement after
                       granted            shares          consolidation          (% maximum) shares vesting            shares vesting(b)      pro-ration      after pro-ration(b)         pro-ration(b)
Alan Stewart         895,648            289,750                 199,013                 86.2%           850,263        £2,462,532               614,078           £1,778,493             £364,394
(a) Adjustments made to the cumulative free cash flow targets during the year to take account of the settlement of claims and adjusted diluted EPS to neutralise the impact of the share
    buybacks during the year are set out below and on page 82.
(b) The amounts shown are indicative vesting values based on the average share price for the three-month period to 26 February 2022 of 289.62p.


2021 PSP grant (audited)
The following table summarises the PSP awards made to Executive Directors on 25 June 2021:

                                                                                                            Shares granted              % of base               Value at
Executive Director                                                                                      (conditional awards)       salary awarded             award date(a)          Vesting date(b)(c)
Ken Murphy                                                                                                          1,811,432              300%             £4,050,000              25/06/2024
Imran Nawaz                                                                                                         860,989                275%              £1,924,999             25/06/2024
(a) The value has been calculated using the market price on grant of 223.58p.
(b) The award has a three-year performance period which will end on 25 February 2024.
(c) The vested shares, net of any tax liabilities, will be subject to a post-vesting holding period of two years.


The performance measures and targets for the 2021 PSP are:

                                                                                                                                                                   Threshold                Stretch
                                                                                                                                             Weighting          (25% payout)          (100% payout)
Adjusted diluted EPS      (a)(c)
                                                                                                                                                 50%                   17.3p                  26.0p
Cumulative free cash flow(b)(c)                                                                                                                  50%                  £4.1bn                 £6.2bn
(a) The adjusted diluted EPS measure will be adjusted at the date of vesting to reflect the weighted average number of shares to neutralise the impact of share buybacks during the
    performance period, as the targets were set excluding buybacks.
(b) The definition of cumulative free cash flow remains consistent with the definition at the time the 2021 PSP targets were set and has not been restated to the amended alternative
    performance measure definition. Refer to page 211 for a reconciliation between this measure and the alternative performance measure definition. Prospective PSP performance targets
    will be set based on the new alternative performance measure definition.
(c) Both PSP performance metrics have straight-line vesting between threshold and stretch.


The award will incorporate the right to receive the value of dividends between grant and vesting in respect of the number of shares that vest.
The calculation of dividend equivalents will assume the reinvestment of those dividends in Tesco shares on a cumulative basis.

Adjustments to targets
The Committee considered adjustments to targets resulting from material events that were not anticipated at the time the targets were set.
Adjustments were made to ensure PSP targets and outcomes are assessed on a like-for-like basis and events do not make the targets any
easier or harder to achieve. During the year, the cumulative free cash flow targets were adjusted downwards to reflect the settlement of
claims for matters arising in connection with the overstatement of profit announced in 2014 and from the sale of the Korea business in 2015.
Previous adjustments to targets were set out in the 2020/21 Directors’ remuneration report.

2021 PSP award
Cumulative free cash flow                                                                                                                                          Threshold                  Stretch
Original targets                                                                                                                                                  £4,253m                 £6,379m
2021/22 adjustments                                                                                                                                                £(193)m                 £(193)m
Revised targets                                                                                                                                                   £4,060m                 £6,186m


2020 PSP award
Cumulative free cash flow                                                                                                                                          Threshold                  Stretch
Original targets                                                                                                                                                   £4,435m                £6,653m
2020/21 adjustments                                                                                                                                               £(1,066)m              £(1,066)m
2021/22 adjustments                                                                                                                                                 £(305)m               £(305)m
Revised targets                                                                                                                                                    £3,064m                £5,282m


2019 PSP award
Cumulative free cash flow                                                                                                                                          Threshold                  Stretch
Original targets                                                                                                                                                   £4,334m                £6,501m
2020/21 adjustments                                                                                                                                                 £(794)m                £(794)m
2021/22 adjustments                                                                                                                                                £(305)m                £(305)m
Revised targets                                                                                                                                                    £3,235m                £5,402m




                                                                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                            89
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Remuneration report continued
     Executive Director changes during the year
     Alan Stewart
     As announced on 2 June 2020, Alan Stewart retired from the Board on 30 April 2021. Details of his departure terms are set out below.
     Imran Nawaz (audited)
     Imran Nawaz joined Tesco on 1 May 2021 as Chief Financial Officer. We set out details of his buyout arrangements to compensate for the
     forfeiture of remuneration terms from his former employer, Tate & Lyle PLC, in last year’s report, including his commuter support and the
     first tranche of his vested 2018 restricted stock award, which were subject to forfeiture and repaid by him to Tate & Lyle on a gross basis upon
     his resignation. This amounted to £1,216,069 and is included in his Single total figure of remuneration on page 88. Further details of his buyout
     awards are set out below:
                                                                                                                                  Share          Value                                   Value at
                                                                                                                                price at    at date of                     Share price    date of
     Type of     Tate & Lyle PLC awards being replaced                       Number of                                          date of         award        Vested         at date of    vesting
     award       - end of performance period               Date of grant     shares awarded                  Vesting date         grant        (£’000)       awards            vesting    (£’000)
     LR9.4.2                                    04/05/2021 2,064,815(a)                                                        £2.2089          4,561
                 2018 restricted stock award                  Tranche 1: 226,445       04/05/2021                                    -              -      226,445           £2.2205        503
                 (2nd tranche) - 1 August 2020
                 2018 PSP - 31 March 2021                     Tranche 2: 838,615(b) 18/06/2021                                        -             -      480,526(d)(e)     £2.2175      1,066
                 2019 Group Bonus Plan deferred               Tranche 3: 39,312(c)     13/04/2022                                     -             -            -                 -          -
                 shares - 31 March 2022
                 2019 PSP - 31 March 2022                     Tranche 4: 729,205(b)(d) 01/06/2022                                    -             -             –                 -          -
                 2020 PSP - 31 March 2023                     Tranche 5: 231,238(b)(d) 01/06/2023                                    -             -             -                 -          -
     LR9.4.2     2020/21 Group Bonus Plan -     29/07/2021 272,072(a)(f)               29/07/2021                              £2.3321           634       272,072           £2.3325        635
                 31 March 2021
     (a) All buyout awards are subject to the Company’s shareholding guidelines.
     (b) Vesting is subject to the achievement of the performance conditions which apply to the applicable Tate & Lyle PLC Performance Share Plan award (as detailed on page 123 of the Tate &
         Lyle PLC 2021 Annual Report) and continuous employment. In respect of Tranche 2, the relevant Tate & Lyle 2018 Performance Share Plan award vested at 57.3% of maximum.
     (c) Vesting is subject to continuous employment.
     (d) Vested shares are subject to a post-vesting holding period of two years.
     (e) 358,089 shares lapsed.
     (f) Reflects compensation for forfeiture of the 2020/21 Tate & Lyle PLC annual bonus amounting to 90% of maximum potential based on the disclosed outturn on page 121 of the Tate & Lyle
         PLC 2021 Annual Report.

     Executive Directors’ interests in share awards (audited)
     The table below sets out the Executive Directors’ interests in share awards. We set out details of Executive Director shareholding
     requirements and achievement against these on page 79.
                                                                                                                                             Vested but
                                                                        Unvested PSP       Deferred annual                                  unexercised
                                                                              awards(a)      bonus awards(b)       Buyout awards           share options      SAYE options                  Total
     Ken Murphy                 At 28/02/21                                          –                   –                      –                   –                   –                       –
                                Granted                                      1,811,432                   –                      –                   –                   –              1,811,432
                                Dividend equivalents                            21,472                   –                      –                   –                   –                 21,472
                                Vested/released                                      –                   –                      –                   –                   –                       –
                                Lapsed                                               –                   –                      –                   –                   –                       –
                                Exercised                                            –                   –                      –                   –                   –                       –
                                At 26/02/22                                1,832,904                     –                      –                   –                   –            1,832,904
     Imran Nawaz                At 28/02/21                                          –                   –                                          –                   –                       –
                                Granted                                      860,989                     –              2,336,887                   –                   –             3,197,876
                                Dividend equivalents                           10,205                    –                   1,513                  –                   –                  11,718
                                Vested/released                                      –                   –                979,043                   –                   –               979,043
                                Lapsed                                               –                   –               358,089                    –                   –              358,089
                                Exercised                                            –                   –                       –                  –                   –                       –
                                At 26/02/22                                    871,194                   –              1,001,268                   –                   –             1,872,462
     Alan Stewart(c)            At 28/02/21                                2,670,338               758,151                       –          3,140,804               9,574            6,578,867
                                Granted                                              –                   –                       –                  –                   –                       –
                                Dividend equivalents                            93,162              18,143                       –             82,736                   –                194,041
                                Vested/released                               188,424             286,953                        –                  –                   –               475,377
                                Lapsed                                        627,267                    –                       –                  –               1,596               628,863
                                Exercised                                            –                   –                       –          3,223,540               7,978             3,231,518
                                At 26/02/22                                1,947,809              489,341                        –                  –                   -            2,437,150
     (a) Awards will only vest to the extent relevant performance conditions are met.
     (b) No performance conditions apply to these awards but are subject to service.
     (c) Details of options exercised by and released to Alan Stewart during the year are set out on pages 89 and 91.


     Payments for loss of office (audited)
     Alan Stewart retired from the Board on 30 April 2021. In line with the remuneration policy at that time, he received salary, benefits and a
     pension cash allowance to 30 April 2021. He did not receive a 2020/21 bonus payment or a 2021 PSP award. He received no severance payment
     or pay in lieu of notice.
     He was granted good leaver status for his unvested deferred bonus and PSP awards. These will be released on the scheduled vesting dates,
     including PSP grants to the extent that performance conditions are met and after pro-rating for the portion of the performance period he
     worked. You can see details of the vesting of his 2019 PSP award on page 89.
     Alan Stewart had one year from his retirement date in which to exercise the vested options from his annual bonus, PSP awards and buyout
     awards. Details of the awards he exercised are set out opposite.
     A post-employment shareholding requirement is applicable for two years following his departure regarding share awards granted after 1 March 2019.

90   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                         Corporate governance




Payments to former Directors (audited)
Details of options exercised by and awards released to Alan Stewart and Sir Dave Lewis during the 2021/22 financial year, following their
stepping down from the Board on 30 April 2021 and 30 September 2020, respectively, are set out below:

Alan Stewart
                                                               Number of shares
                                                              exercised/released
                                                  Number of    including dividend             Date of                             Market price at                   Gain on
Type of award                Date of grant   shares awarded     equivalent shares    exercise/release            Grant price     exercise/release          exercise/release
LR9.4.2                       24/10/14              251,010            285,987               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318              £662,918
LR9.4.2                       24/10/14             324,676              369,919              22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318              £857,472
LR9.4.2                       06/07/15              56,950               64,403              22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318              £149,286
PSP                           25/07/15             854,720             289,995               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318             £672,208
PSP                           12/05/16           1,178,948             384,004               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318               £890,121
PSP                             11/05/17         1,041,666             574,907               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318            £1,332,634
PSP                            16/07/18            730,965              188,424              16/07/21                    Nil                £2.349              £442,608
Deferred bonus                 12/05/16           507,449              573,906               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318            £1,330,314
Deferred bonus                 12/05/16            253,724             286,950               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318              £665,150
Deferred bonus                  11/05/17           347,906             393,469               22/07/21                    Nil                 £2.318               £912,061
Deferred bonus                09/05/18             261,808             286,953               10/05/21                    Nil                £2.300              £659,992
SAYE                             14/11/18             9,574                7,978             12/08/21                 £1.88                  £2.412                £4,244

Sir Dave Lewis
                                                                       Number of
                                                                 shares released
                                                  Number of    including dividend                                                   Share price at
Type of award                Date of grant   shares awarded     equivalent shares        Date of release         Grant price       date of release          Gain on release
Deferred bonus                09/05/18             477,485             523,348               10/05/21                    Nil                £2.300            £1,203,700
PSP                            16/07/18          1,340,103             297,467               16/07/21                    Nil                £2.349              £698,750

No other payments to former Directors or for loss of office were made in the year.

Compensation for other directorships
In the period to 30 April 2021, Alan Stewart received £21,802 (2020/21: £128,000) in fees and a product allowance as a non-executive
director of Diageo plc. He did not receive any fees as a director of Tesco Personal Finance Group PLC (Tesco Bank). Ken Murphy retired
as a non-executive director of Hatch Beauty LLC on 22 June 2021 and waived his fees (2020/21: $50,000 (circa £36,000)).

Executive Directors’ service agreements
The Committee carefully considers the Executive Directors’ service agreements, including arrangements for early termination, which are
designed to recruit, retain and motivate Executive Directors of the calibre required to lead the Company. The Committee’s policy is for
Executive Directors’ service contracts to be terminable on no more than one year’s notice from the Company. The details of existing
Executive Directors’ service contracts are summarised in the table below:
                                                                                                               Date of service           Notice period   Notice period from
Executive Director                                                                                                 agreement           from Company      Executive Director
Ken Murphy                                                                                                  1 October 2019               12 months             12 months
Imran Nawaz                                                                                                6 October 2020                12 months             12 months

Both Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz will stand for re-election at the 2022 AGM.

Shareholder voting
The table below sets out the voting outcome for the remuneration policy and remuneration report at the 2021 AGM:

                                                                             Votes for                                 Votes against                         Votes withheld
                                                               Number of shares            Percentage      Number of shares             Percentage        Number of shares
                                                                      (millions)              of votes            (millions)               of votes              (millions)
Remuneration report                                                       5,250                91.8%                   469                   8.2%                        3
Remuneration policy                                                       5,359                93.7%                   361                   6.3%                        2


Funding of equity awards
Where shares are newly issued, the Company complies with Investment Association dilution guidelines on their issue. These provide that
overall dilution under all plans should not exceed 10% of the Company’s issued share capital over a 10-year period, with a further limitation
of 5% in any 10-year period for executive plans. Shares purchased in the market may be held by Tesco Employees’ Share Scheme Trustees
Limited or Tesco International Employee Benefit Trust (together, the Trusts). In such a case, the voting rights relating to the shares are
exercisable by the Trustees in accordance with their fiduciary duties. At 26 February 2022, the Trusts held 51,068,886 shares.
Current practice is to use market purchased shares to satisfy incentive awards.

Dilution from existing awards made over the last 10 years up to 26 February 2022 was as follows:
All Tesco
      All Tesco
           colleague
                colleague
                     shareshare
                           plansplans                                      Executive
                                                                               Executive
                                                                                     shareshare
                                                                                           plansplans

  5.2%5.2%                                                    10% 10%         1.4%1.4%                                                                   5% 5%

   ActualActualLimit Limit                                                     ActualActualLimit Limit


                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                       91
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Remuneration report continued
     Beneficial share ownership (audited)
     The table below outlines interests in the Company’s securities of the Non-executive Directors. There were no changes to
     Non-executive Director share interests between 26 February and 12 April 2022. Non-executive Directors are expected to build up and
     maintain a personal holding in the securities of the Company equal to the value of their base fee over a period of five years following
     appointment.

                                                                                                                                                                     Value of       Compliance with
                                                                                                                  Shares held at       Shares held at           shareholding           shareholding
     Non-executive Director                                                                                    28 February 2021     26 February 2022          (% of base fee)(a)           guideline
     John Allan(b)                                                                                                    265,327               349,753                    147%                         ✓
     Melissa Bethell                                                                                                   37,447                37,447                    135%                         ✓
     Bertrand Bodson(c)                                                                                                     -                44,579                    160%                         ✓
     Thierry Garnier(c)                                                                                                     -                15,000                     54%                         ✗
     Stewart Gilliland                                                                                                 36,742                48,825                    176%                         ✓
     Steve Golsby                                                                                                      33,391                 41,999                    151%                        ✓
     Byron Grote(d)                                                                                                   235,656               302,703                  >500%                          ✓
     Simon Patterson                                                                                                  134,545               134,545                   484%                          ✓
     Alison Platt                                                                                                      33,629                34,893                    126%                         ✓
     Lindsey Pownall                                                                                                   55,263                55,263                    199%                         ✓
     Karen Whitworth(c)                                                                                                     -                24,200                      87%                        ✗
     (a) The value of Non-executive Directors’ shareholdings is based on the three-month average share price to 26 February 2022 of 289.62p.
     (b) John Allan also held 398,000 bonds in the Company at 28 February 2021 and 26 February 2022.
     (c) Bertrand Bodson, Thierry Garnier and Karen Whitworth joined the Board on 1 June, 30 April and 18 June 2021, respectively.
     (d) Byron Grote holds his shares in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs). Each ADR is equivalent to three Ordinary shares of 6⅓ pence each.
     (e) The range of the Company’s share price for the year was 219p to 303p. The year-end price was 287p.


     Non-executive Directors’ dates of appointment
                                                                                                                                                        Appointment end                Total length of
                                                                                                                                                       date in accordance                service as at
                                                                                                                                                              with letter of        26 February 2022
     Non-executive Director(a)                                                                            Date of appointment            Notice period        appointment                      (years)
     John Allan                                                                                                1 March 2015                     None            AGM 2022                          7.0
     Melissa Bethell                                                                                    24 September 2018                       None            AGM 2022                          3.4
     Bertrand Bodson                                                                                             1 June 2021                    None            AGM 2022                         <1.0
     Thierry Garnier                                                                                          30 April 2021                     None            AGM 2022                         <1.0
     Stewart Gilliland                                                                                        5 March 2018                      None            AGM 2022                         4.0
     Steve Golsby                                                                                           1 October 2016                      None            AGM 2022                          5.4
     Byron Grote                                                                                                  1 May 2015                    None            AGM 2022                          6.8
     Simon Patterson                                                                                             1 April 2016                   None            AGM 2022                          5.9
     Alison Platt                                                                                                1 April 2016                   None            AGM 2022                          5.9
     Lindsey Pownall                                                                                             1 April 2016                   None            AGM 2022                          5.9
     Karen Whitworth                                                                                           18 June 2021                     None            AGM 2022                         <1.0
     (a) Non-executive Directors do not have service contracts. Instead, Non-executive Directors are engaged by letters of appointment which are terminable by either party with no notice
         period and no compensation in the event of such termination, other than accrued fees and expenses. All Non-executive Directors will stand for re-election at the 2022 AGM, except Steve
         Golsby and Simon Patterson who will step down from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM.


     Fees paid to Non-executive Directors during 2021/22 (audited)
     The following table sets out the fees paid to the Non-executive Directors for the year ended 26 February 2022. Non-executive Directors are
     not paid a pension and do not participate in any of the Company’s variable incentive schemes.

                                                                                                     2021/22                                                       2020/21
                                                                                                         Taxable                                                       Taxable
                                                                                         Fees           expenses(a)              Total                Fees            expenses(a)                Total
                                                                                      (£’000)             (£’000)             (£’000)              (£’000)              (£’000)               (£’000)
     John Allan                                                                          687                     8               695                    687                    7                 694
     Melissa Bethell                                                                      94                     1                95                     92                    –                   92
     Bertrand Bodson                                                                       71                    2                 73                     -                    -                    -
     Thierry Garnier                                                                       79                    1                80                      -                    -                    -
     Stewart Gilliland                                                                   109                     1                110                   106                    1                 107
     Steve Golsby                                                                        134                     -               134                    124                    –                 124
     Byron Grote                                                                         155                   0.5             155.5                    138                    -                 138
     Simon Patterson                                                                      94                   0.5              94.5                     92                    –                   92
     Alison Platt                                                                        109                   0.5             109.5                    106                    -                 106
     Lindsey Pownall                                                                      119                    2                121                   109                    1                  110
     Karen Whitworth                                                                       77                  0.5              77.5                      -                    -                    -
     Former Directors
     Mark Armour                                                                          30                    -                  30                    92                    -                  92
     Mikael Olsson                                                                        35                    -                  35                   106                    -                 106
     Deanna Oppenheimer                                                                   49                    3                  52                   148                    3                  151
     (a) Taxable expenses include expense reimbursements relating to travel, accommodation and subsistence in connection with the attendance at Board and Committee meetings during the
         year, which HMRC deems to be taxable in the UK. John Allan also has the benefit of home security and healthcare for himself and his partner. The amounts in the table above include the
         grossed-up cost of UK tax paid by the Company on behalf of the Non-executive Directors. Non-taxable expense reimbursements have not been included in the table above. Each
         Non-executive Director has the £1,000 colleague-discount allowance.




92   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                Corporate governance




Remuneration policy.
Remuneration policy
Our current remuneration policy was approved by shareholders at the 2021 AGM, with a vote of 93.68% in favour. During the year, the
policy operated as intended in terms of Company performance and quantum. It is intended that the new policy for Tesco’s Executive
and Non-executive Directors will operate for a period of three years from the date of approval at the AGM on 17 June 2022.
During 2021, the Committee considered the current policy and held meetings with our largest shareholders to discuss the proposals and
governance matters. The Committee was pleased with the support of our largest shareholders for the new policy. No changes were,
therefore, made to the proposals. The decision-making process that the Committee followed for the determination, review and
implementation of the proposed new remuneration policy is set out in the Chair’s letter on pages 74 to 76. In order to manage conflicts of
interest, no Director or employee participates in discussions or decisions relating to their own remuneration. However, Executive Directors
were kept well-informed to ensure alignment between executive and wider colleague remuneration structures. A summary of how the policy
differs for Executive Directors and other colleagues in the Group is set out on pages 83 and 84.

The Committee’s review of the remuneration policy sought to ensure that it continues to:

– apply pay principles which are applicable to all colleagues across the Group and, in particular, the principle that the reward package
  should support the delivery of the Group’s purpose of serving customers, communities and the planet a little better every day;
– be aligned with, and incentivise the delivery of, the Group’s strategy;
– foster performances in line with the Group’s culture, values and behaviours;
– be aligned with wider workforce pay policies and emerging best practice;
– motivate executive talent; and
– drive the success of the Company for the benefit of key stakeholders.

We propose that the policy remains broadly unchanged in 2022, apart from the removal of the financial underpin in the annual bonus.
In addition, within the flexibility of the current policy, we propose to introduce non-financial ESG performance measures into the PSP
with a total weighting of 25%.

You can find further details of the proposed changes and a summary of the new remuneration policy on pages 80 to 82.
The full remuneration policy that shareholders are asked to approve at the 2022 AGM is set out below and will be available on the
Tesco website at www.tescoplc.com.

Remuneration policy table
The following table sets out the proposed remuneration policy:

Base salary
Purpose and link to    The role of base salary is to support the recruitment and retention of Executive Directors of the calibre required to develop and
strategy               deliver the strategy.
                       Base salary provides fixed remuneration for the role, which reflects the size and scope of the Executive Directors’ responsibilities
                       and their experience.
Operation              The Committee sets base salary taking into account:
                       – the individual’s skills, experience and their performance;
                       – salary levels at leading FTSE companies and other large consumer business companies in the UK and internationally; and
                       – pay and conditions elsewhere in the Group.
                       Base salary is normally reviewed annually with changes effective from 1 June. It may be reviewed more frequently if the
                       Committee determines this is appropriate.
Maximum                Executive Directors’ salary increases will normally be in line with the typical level of increase awarded to other colleagues in the
                       Group. Increases may be above this level in certain circumstances such as:
                       – where a new Executive Director has been appointed to the Board at a lower than typical market salary to allow for growth in
                         the role. (In such a case, larger increases may be awarded to move salary positioning closer to the typical market level as the
                         Executive Director gains experience); or
                       – where an Executive Director has been promoted or has had a change in responsibilities, then salary increases in excess of the
                         above limit may be awarded.
Measure                n/a
Change                 No change from previous policy.




                                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022           93
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Remuneration policy continued
     Benefits
     Purpose and link to       To provide a market-competitive level of benefits for Executive Directors and to assist them in the performance of
     strategy                  their roles.
     Operation                 The Committee sets benefit provision at an appropriate market-competitive level, taking into account the individual’s
                               home jurisdiction, the jurisdiction in which the individual is based, typical practice and the level of benefits provided
                               for other employees in the Group.
                               Core benefits – currently include car benefits, security costs, health insurance and life assurance. Other appropriate
                               benefits may be provided from time to time but will not be significant. Executive Directors shall be reimbursed for all
                               reasonable expenses. The Company may settle any tax incurred in relation to these. Directors shall have the benefit of
                               Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance and the provision of an indemnity.
                               All-employee share plans – Executive Directors are eligible to participate in the Company’s all-employee share schemes on
                               the same terms as other colleagues.
                               Mobility policy – When an Executive Director is required to relocate to perform their role, they may be offered
                               appropriate relocation allowances and any required international transfer-related benefits.
     Maximum                   The overall level of benefits will depend on the cost of providing individual items and the individual’s circumstances.
                               There is therefore no maximum level of benefit.
     Measure                   n/a
     Change                    No change from previous policy.


     Pension
     Purpose and link to       To provide an appropriate level of retirement benefits as a part of a holistic benefit package.
     strategy
     Operation                 Executive Directors receive a cash allowance in lieu of pension or a contribution into a defined contribution scheme.
     Maximum                   Maximum cash in lieu of pension or contribution will be aligned to the wider workforce (currently 7.5% of base salary).
     Measure                   n/a
     Change                    No change from previous policy.


     Annual bonus
     Purpose and link to       To reward Executive Directors for the delivery of Tesco’s annual financial, operational and strategic goals.
     strategy                  Deferral into Tesco shares provides alignment with shareholders.
     Operation                 The annual bonus is normally delivered:
                               – 50% in cash; and
                               – 50% in Tesco shares which are deferred for three years.
                               Performance is assessed over a financial year. The Committee determines the level of bonus, taking performance against
                               targets and the underlying performance of the business into account. The Committee may apply judgement in making
                               appropriate adjustments to bonus outcomes to ensure they reflect underlying business performance. Malus and clawback
                               provisions apply as described on page 96.
     Maximum                   Maximum annual bonus opportunity of 250% of base salary. For details of award levels for 2022/23, see page 81.
     Measures                  The annual bonus may be based on a mix of financial, operational, strategic and individual performance measures.
                               At least 70% of the bonus will be based on financial performance.
                               The Committee determines the exact metrics each year depending on the key goals for the forthcoming year.
                               Up to 25% of the bonus is paid for achieving a threshold level of performance and the full bonus is paid for delivering
                               stretching levels of performance. These vesting levels may vary each year depending on the stretch of targets set.
                               Below threshold performance, no payment is made.
                               The Committee sets bonus targets each year to ensure they are appropriately stretching in the context of the
                               business plan.
     Change                    Removal of financial underpin.


     Performance Share Plan
     Purpose and link to       To reward Executive Directors for achieving Tesco’s long-term strategy and creating sustainable shareholder value that
     strategy                  aligns the economic interests of Executive Directors and shareholders.
     Operation                 Awards normally vest based on performance over a period of not less than three years (unless the Committee determines
                               otherwise).
                               The Committee has the discretion to amend the formulaic vesting level if it does not consider that it reflects the underlying
                               performance of the Company. All vested shares, net of any tax liabilities, will be subject to a further two-year holding
                               period after the vesting date. Malus and clawback provisions apply as described on page 96.
     Maximum                   The maximum annual award that can be granted under the PSP is 350% of base salary. For details of award levels for
                               2022/23, see page 81.
     Measures                  Awards vest based on financial, non-financial and/or strategic performance conditions which are aligned to the
                               Company’s strategic plan (the satisfaction of which is determined by the Committee). At least 50% of the PSP will be
                               based on financial metrics.
                               The current measures are adjusted diluted EPS (37.5%), cumulative retail free cash flow (37.5%) and ESG performance
                               measures (25%). Any substantial or significant change to measures will be subject to shareholder consultation.
                               Up to 25% of the award vests for threshold levels of performance, increasing to 100% of the award for stretching
                               performance.
                               The Committee sets targets each year so that they are stretching and represent value creation for shareholders,
                               while remaining motivational for management.
     Change                    The inclusion of ESG performance measures reflects a change in the operation of the policy.




94   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance




 Shareholding requirements
 Guidelines                     Tesco operates shareholding guidelines of 400% of base salary for the Group Chief Executive and 300% for the Chief
                                Financial Officer. Executive Directors are required to retain all shares that vest to them, net of any tax liability, whether
                                from the annual bonus, PSP or buyout, until the relevant shareholding guideline is satisfied. The Committee may waive
                                this requirement under certain exceptional personal circumstances.
                                Executive Directors are required to hold 100% of the lower of their shareholding requirement or their actual shareholding
                                at the date of their departure from the Company for two years. They must hold shares covered by the post-cessation
                                shareholding requirement in a corporate sponsored nominee account.
 Change                         No change to previous policy.



Remuneration policy for new hires
When hiring a new Executive Director, the Committee would generally seek to align their remuneration package with the remuneration policy
outlined in this section. The Committee will set base salary taking into account all relevant factors including:

– the experience and calibre of the candidate;
– the candidate’s current reward opportunity; and
– the jurisdiction from which the candidate was recruited.

Incentive opportunity will be in line with the policy maximums (i.e. a total maximum incentive opportunity of 600% of base salary).

The Committee may make additional awards when appointing an Executive Director to buy out any remuneration terms forfeited on leaving
a previous employer. The Committee will look to do so on a like-for-like basis with the awards forfeited, taking account of relevant factors
including any performance conditions attached to these awards, the form in which they were granted (e.g. cash or shares) and the time over
which they would have vested.

To facilitate buyout awards in the event of recruitment, the Committee may grant awards to a new Executive Director under Listing Rule 9.4.2.
This allows awards to be granted to facilitate the recruitment of an Executive Director in unusual circumstances, or under other relevant
company incentive plans.

The Company will pay legal fees incurred by any new Executive Directors in respect of their appointment.

If an internal candidate is promoted to the Board, legacy terms and conditions would normally be honoured, including pension entitlements
and any outstanding incentive awards.

In the event of the appointment of a new Chair or Non-executive Director, remuneration arrangements will reflect the policy outlined on page 97.

Executive Director service agreements and policy on Executive Directors leaving Tesco
When determining leaving arrangements for an Executive Director, the Committee takes any contractual agreements into account, including
the provisions of any incentive arrangements, typical market practice and the performance and conduct of the individual.

The following table summarises Tesco’s policy in relation to Executive Director service agreements and payments in the event of loss of office:

Provision                       Current service agreements

Notice period                   Up to 12 months’ notice by the Company and by the Executive Director.
                                For new appointments, the Committee reserves the right to vary this period to 24 months for the initial period of
                                appointment, and for the notice period to then revert to up to 12 months after the initial 12 months of employment.
Expiry date                     Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz entered into service agreements with Tesco PLC on 1 October 2019 and 6 October 2020,
                                respectively. These are rolling service agreements with no fixed expiry date. The notice period on termination by the
                                Company or the Executive Director is 12 months.
Termination payments            If the Company terminates an Executive Director’s agreement without full notice or it is terminated by an Executive
(do not apply if notice is      Director in response to a serious contractual breach by the Company, then the Executive Director has the right to a
provided, as per the service    termination payment that reflects the unexpired term of the notice.
agreement, or for termination   Any termination payment in lieu of notice will be based on base salary and benefits only, plus any statutory rights.
by reason of resignation or
unacceptable performance        Termination payments will normally be subject to mitigation and paid in instalments. The Company’s obligation to continue
or conduct)                     making phased termination payments will cease when the Executive Director commences alternative employment.

Other information               The Committee may require an Executive Director to work during their notice period, or may choose to place them on
                                garden leave.
                                The Committee may determine that an Executive Director may remain eligible to receive a pro-rata bonus for the financial
                                year in respect of the period they worked. The Committee will take into account time in active employment and
                                performance to determine the level of bonus.
                                The Committee may make payments in connection with an existing or threatened legal obligation or in respect of any claim
                                related to the cessation of employment. This includes fees for outplacement assistance, legal and/or professional advice.
                                The Company may reimburse the Executive Director for reasonable legal expenses if they leave by mutual consent.
                                Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for a specified period following the Executive Director’s termination date may be
                                provided. Where an Executive Director has been recruited from overseas, the Company may pay for repatriation.


Shareholders can view service agreements of the Executive Directors at the Company’s registered office.




                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022            95
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Remuneration policy continued
     Share plan rules – leaver provisions                                  Information supporting the policy table
     The relevant share plan rules govern the treatment of outstanding     Dividend equivalents
     share awards when an Executive Director leaves. The following         Dividend equivalents are payable on deferred annual bonus and
     table summarises leaver provisions under the executive share          PSP awards that vest, usually in the form of additional shares.
     plans for good leavers. All awards will normally lapse except for
     good leavers. In specific circumstances, however, the Committee       Discretion in relation to incentive plans
     may exercise its discretion to modify the policy outlined to the      The Committee retains discretion regarding the annual bonus
     extent that the rules of the share plan allow this. The Committee     and PSP plans. This relates to:
     will not exercise discretion to allow awards to vest where the
     participant is dismissed for gross misconduct. Where an Executive     – the timing, size and type of awards and holding periods, subject
     Director leaves as a result of summary dismissal, they will forfeit     to policy maximums, and the annual setting of targets;
     outstanding share incentive awards.                                   – circumstances where qualitative performance measures are
                                                                             used, when performance against those measures is not in line
     Good leavers are those who have left the Company due to injury,         with the Group’s overall financial or strategic performance over
     ill-health or disability, death, redundancy, retirement, the entity     the performance period;
     which employs them ceasing to be part of the Group or any other       – the adjustment of targets and measures if events occur which
     reason determined by the Committee, taking into account the             cause the Committee to determine it is appropriate to do so.
     circumstances of departure and performance.                             The Committee also retains the right to change performance
                                                                             measures and the weighting of measures, in circumstances
     Deferred bonus plan Unvested awards vest at cessation.                  including:
     awards              The Committee has discretion to defer               – following feedback from regulators, shareholders and/or
                         vesting to the normal vesting date.                    other stakeholders; and
     Long term incentive   Unvested awards normally vest on the              – amending the plan rules in accordance with their terms and/
     plan awards           normal date, pro-rated for time and take             or amending the basis of operation (including but not limited
                           into account performance achieved.                   to the approach in respect of dividend equivalents);
                           In the event of retirement, the Committee       – the exercise of discretion in accordance with the rules, including
                           has the right to lapse awards granted since       in relation to whether or not malus or clawback provisions would
                           February 2019 if the former Executive             apply, in connection with recruitment, or terminations of
                           Director is employed in a substantive role        employment, or corporate events affecting the Company; and
                           prior to the vesting of the award. On           – adjustments required in certain circumstances (e.g. rights issues,
                           vesting, shares will be subject to a two-year     corporate restructuring events, special dividends and other
                           holding period. Shares in the holding period      corporate actions).
                           will continue to be held until the end of the
                           two-year holding period. In the event of        The Committee will disclose any exercise of discretion in
                           death, however, shares will be released         accordance with regulatory requirements.
                           to the estate.
     All-employee share    Leaver provisions under all-employee share      Malus and clawback provisions
     plans                 plans are determined in accordance with         The Committee has the discretion to scale back deferred share
                           HMRC-approved provisions.                       awards and PSP awards prior to the satisfaction of such awards if:

     Other vesting circumstances                                           – results are materially misstated;
     Awards may also vest early to the extent determined by the            – the participant has contributed to serious reputational damage
     Committee if:                                                           to the Company or one of its business units;
                                                                           – the participant’s conduct has amounted to serious misconduct,
     – a participant is transferred to another country, making them          fraud, dishonesty, a breach of the Code of Business Conduct or
       suffer a tax disadvantage or become subject to restrictions on        material wrongdoing;
       their award; or                                                     – the determination of the vesting or value of an award has been
     – in the event of a takeover, winding-up or other corporate event       affected by an underlying incorrect figure in the accounts; or
       affecting the Company, which may affect the value of share          – an error or miscalculation in determining the vesting or value
       awards (such as a demerger or dividend in specie).                    of an award is identified.

     The Committee will determine the number of shares under an            Under malus, deferred share awards and unvested PSP awards
     award that vest in these circumstances. In the case of PSP awards,    can be reduced (including down to zero) or be made subject to
     the Committee will consider performance and the time elapsed          additional conditions. Clawback allows for the repayment of cash
     since grant when determining the level of vesting. Awards will vest   bonuses previously paid up for a period of three years and PSP
     in full in the case of deferred annual bonus share awards.            awards for a period of two years after the vesting date.

                                                                           There are robust mechanisms in place to ensure that these malus
                                                                           and clawback provisions are enforceable.




96   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                       Corporate governance




Timing of target disclosure                                                  Payments outside policy
Targets for the PSP are disclosed on or before the grant date of             The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration
the award. Targets and performance against these for the annual              payments and payments for loss of office (including exercising
bonus are disclosed in the year following the start of the                   any discretions available to it in connection with such payments)
performance period.                                                          notwithstanding that they are not in line with the proposed
                                                                             remuneration policy set out in this report, where the terms of the
Terms of share awards                                                        payment were agreed (i) before the policy came into effect, or
The Committee may amend the terms of awards or the rules of                  (ii) at a time when the relevant individual was not a Director of the
share plans within the scope defined in the rules of the plans.              Company and, in the opinion of the Committee, the payment was
                                                                             not in consideration for the individual becoming a Director of the
For share awards, the number of shares subject to an award may               Company. For these purposes, ‘payments’ includes the Committee
be adjusted in the event of a variation of the Company’s share               satisfying awards of variable remuneration, and an award over
capital or a demerger, delisting, special dividend, rights issue or          shares is ‘agreed’ at the time the award is granted.
other event, which may, in the Committee’s opinion affect the
current or future value of awards.                                           External appointments
                                                                             Executive Directors are permitted to hold one approved
The Committee may amend performance targets in accordance                    non-executive directorship of another company and to retain
with the terms of an award or if a transaction or event occurs               the fees earned from such an appointment.
which causes the Committee to decide (taking into account the
interests of shareholders) that an amended performance condition
would be more appropriate, would continue to achieve the original
purpose and would be no less challenging to achieve.


Remuneration policy for Non-executive Directors
Approach to setting fees                     Basis of fees                                      Other items

– Fees for the Non-executive Chair           – Our Non-executive Director fees policy is        – The Non-executive Directors are not entitled
  and Non-executive Directors are set          to pay:                                            to participate in the annual bonus, PSP or
  at an appropriate level to recruit and       – a basic fee for membership of the Board;         Long Term Incentive Plan.
  retain Directors of a sufficient calibre     – an additional fee for the Chair of a           – The Non-executive Directors have the benefit
  to guide and influence Board level              Committee and the Senior Independent            of Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance,
  decision making without paying                  Director to take into account the               provision of an indemnity and colleague
  more than is necessary.                         additional responsibilities and time            discount on the same basis as colleagues.
– Fees are set taking into account the            commitment of the role;                         The Board may introduce additional benefits
  following factors:                           – an additional fee for membership of a            for Non-executive Directors if it is considered
  – the time commitment required                  Committee to take into account the              appropriate to do so.
     to fulfil the role; and                      additional responsibilities and time          – The Non-executive Chair may have the benefit
  – typical practice at other                     commitment of the role; and                     of a company car and driver, home security,
     companies of a similar size and           – additional fees to reflect additional            colleague discount and family healthcare.
     complexity to Tesco.                         Board or Committee responsibilities as          The Committee may introduce additional
– Non-executive Directors’ fees are               appropriate.                                    benefits for the Non-executive Chair if it is
  set by the Board and the Chair’s fee       – Non-executive Directors may also serve             considered appropriate to do so.
  is set by the Committee (the Chair           on the board of Tesco Bank. Such Non-            – The Company may reimburse the Non-
  does not take part in any discussion         executive Directors also receive a basic fee       executive Chair and Non-executive Directors
  about their fees).                           for serving on this board and additional fees      for reasonable expenses in connection with
– Fees are reviewed by the Board and           for Committee membership in line with other        the performance of their duties and may
  the Committee at appropriate                 members of this board. Fees for membership         settle any tax incurred in relation to these.
  intervals.                                   of the board of Tesco Personal Finance           – The Company will pay reasonable legal fees
– Fees paid to the Non-executive               Group Limited are determined by the board          for advice in relation to terms of engagement.
  Chair and Non-executive Directors            of Tesco Personal Finance Group Limited and      – If a Non-executive Director is based overseas,
  may not exceed the aggregate limit           are reviewed at appropriate intervals.             then the Company would meet travel and
  set out in the Company’s Articles of       – The Non-executive Chair receives an                accommodation expenditure as required to
  Association.                                 all-inclusive fee for the role.                    fulfil non-executive duties and may settle any
                                             – Where significant travel is required to attend     tax incurred in relation to these.
                                               Board meetings, additional fees may be paid
                                               to reflect this additional time commitment.




                                                                                        Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        97
     Directors’ remuneration report continued

     Remuneration policy continued
     Non-executive Director letters of appointment                         Remuneration assumptions
     Non-executive Directors have letters of appointment setting out       Minimum             Fixed pay only – base salary, benefits and
     their duties and the time commitment expected. Appointments are                           pension.
     for an initial period of three years after which they are reviewed.
     Details of Non-executive Directors’ dates of appointments and         On target           Includes fixed pay, 50% of the maximum
     length of service can be found on page 92. In line with the UK                            annual bonus (equal to 125% of salary for the
     Corporate Governance Code, all Non-executive Directors submit                             CEO and 112.5% of salary for the CFO) and
     themselves for re-election by shareholders every year at the                              62.5% vesting of the PSP (equal to 172% for
     Annual General Meeting. All Non-executive Directors’ appointments                         the CEO and 156% for the CFO).
     can be terminated by either party without notice. Non-executive       Maximum             Includes fixed pay, maximum annual bonus
     Directors have no entitlement to compensation on termination.                             payout (equal to 250% of salary for the CEO
     Shareholders can view Non-executive Directors’ letters of                                 and 225% for the CFO) and 100% vesting of
     appointment at the Company’s registered office.                                           the PSP (equal to 275% of salary for the CEO
                                                                                               and 250% for the CFO).
     Scenarios for future total remuneration                               Maximum with        All elements the same as the maximum but
     The charts below provide an illustration of what could be received    share price         assumes a 50% increase in share price.
     by each Executive Director under the new remuneration policy in       increase
     2022/23. These charts are illustrative as the actual value will
     depend on business performance and share price performance.
     The maximum performance also includes an additional bar which
     shows the impact of a 50% share price growth on the PSP outcome
     over the relevant performance period to show how the package
     value is aligned to shareholders.


     Group Chief Executive                                                 Chief Financial Officer
     Ken Murphy                                £10.72m                     Imran Nawaz
                                                                                                                     £5.21m
                                                 18%
                                                                                                                       18%
                                 £8.82m                                                                £4.30m
                                  43%            35%                                                    42%           35%


                    £5.67m                                                                 £2.80m

                     42%                                                                    41%
                                  39%            32%                                                    38%            31%


                     30%                                                                    29%
        £1.57m                                                               £0.83m

        100%          28%         18%            15%                          100%          30%         20%            16%



      Minimum      On target    Maximum       Maximum                       Minimum       On target   Maximum      Maximum
                                              with share                                                           with share
                                                 price                                                                price
                                               increase                                                             increase

       Fixed pay      Annual bonus        Long term incentive                Fixed pay      Annual bonus        Long term incentive
       Share price increase                                                  Share price increase




98   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




Committee overview.
Committee composition                                                  Governance and other         – Received presentation from chair
The Committee consists of Steve Golsby (Chair), John Allan, Thierry    matters                        of Tesco Bank remuneration
Garnier, Byron Grote, Alison Platt and Lindsey Pownall. They are all   The Committee adheres          committee.
independent Non-executive Directors, except John Allan, Company        to the highest standards     – Reviewed shareholder and proxy
Chair, who was independent on appointment. We set out meeting          of governance, ensuring        voting agency feedback on the 2021
attendance on page 54. Committee members have no personal              alignment between              Directors’ remuneration report and
financial interest in the matters considered by the Committee,         internal actions and           remuneration policy.
other than as shareholders. Robert Welch, Group Company                external reporting and       – Reviewed gender pay gap reporting.
Secretary, is Secretary to the Committee. The Group Chief              compliance requirements.     – Evaluated the Committee’s
Executive and Chief People Officer attend meetings at the                                             performance and reviewed its
invitation of the Committee. No Directors or executives are                                           terms of reference.
present when their own remuneration is discussed, and they                                          – Reviewed Chair’s fee.
are not involved in determining their own remuneration.

        The Committee’s full terms of reference can be found           Committee advisor
        on our corporate website at www.tescoplc.com.                  PwC has been the independent advisor to the Committee since
                                                                       2015 and was retained by the Committee following a competitive
                                                                       tendering exercise in 2019/20. PwC is a member of the
Committee overview                                                     Remuneration Consultants Group and, as such, voluntarily
The Committee met six times during the year, four of which were        operates under the code of conduct in relation to executive
scheduled meetings and two ad-hoc. The table below summarises          remuneration consulting in the UK.
the key issues that the Committee considered at each meeting.
Remuneration packages for new hires and severance packages             Total fees for advice provided to the Committee were £127,950
for roles subject to the Committee’s oversight and regulatory          (2020/21: £186,850) on a time and materials basis. The wider PwC
developments were reviewed at each meeting as required.                firm also provided Tesco several other services during the year
                                                                       relating to corporate tax compliance, technology consulting, internal
Base salaries              – Reviewed the remuneration                 audit, global mobility and immigration services. However, the
The Committee annually       environment (including wider              Committee is satisfied that the PwC engagement partner and
reviews and considers the    workforce remuneration).                  advisory team that provide remuneration advice to the Committee,
remuneration environment – Reviewed Executive Director and             have no connection with the Company or individual directors which
of the Executive Directors   senior management benchmarking,           may compromise their independence or objectivity.
and other senior managers. competitiveness and comparator
Any approvals the            companies.
                                                                       Evaluation
Committee gives to annual – Set the remuneration of the
                                                                       The external Board evaluation process carried out during the year
adjustments are made with    Executive Directors, Executive
                                                                       confirmed that the Committee continued to operate effectively.
regard to the remuneration Committee members, Chief Audit
                                                                       Details and results of the wider Board evaluation process are set
of the wider workforce.      and Risk Officer and Group
                                                                       out in the Corporate governance report on page 62.
                             Company Secretary.
Annual bonus                – Considered indicative outturns.          Committee’s priorities in 2022/23
The Committee is            – Determined the outturn of the            As well as considering its standard business, the Committee will
responsible for setting       2021/22 bonus.                           also focus during 2022/23 on areas including:
specific performance        – Reviewed and set metrics, targets
measures and assessing        and objectives for the 2022/23           – overseeing the implementation of the new remuneration policy,
performance.                  bonus.                                     including the introduction of ESG measures in the PSP;
Performance share plan      – Determined retention awards for          – monitoring developments on the purpose and strategy to ensure
The Committee is               senior executives.                        remuneration practices and policies are consistent with the
responsible for approving   – Considered forecast vesting.               Group’s long-term goals and aligned with stakeholder
PSP grants, assessing       – Reviewed performance against               requirements; and
performance and the           targets for the 2019 PSP award and       – overseeing wider workforce remuneration to ensure pay fairness
vesting of PSP awards for     determined the outturn.                    across the workforce, that there is a consistent cascade
Executive Directors,        – Reviewed and set metrics and               throughout the Group and that the rewards, incentives and
Executive Committee           targets for the 2022 PSP grant.            conditions available to colleagues are taken into account when
members and below.                                                       considering the remuneration of Executive Directors.
Remuneration policy       – Reviewed the remuneration policy
The Committee sets the      and consulted on                           Approved by the Board on 12 April 2022.
broad framework for the     recommendations with
remuneration of Executive   stakeholders, including investors
Directors.                  and colleagues.
                          – Reviewed wider workforce
                            remuneration.
                                                                       Steve Golsby
                                                                       Remuneration Committee Chair




                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        99
      Directors’ report


      The Directors present their report, together with the audited                               Trust may vote in respect of shares held in the SIP Trust, but only as
      accounts for the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022.                                           instructed by participants in the SIP in respect of their free shares,
                                                                                                  partnership shares and dividend shares. The trustees will not
      Dividends                                                                                   otherwise vote in respect of shares held in the SIP Trust.
      The profit for the financial year, after taxation, amounts to £1,523m
      (2020/21: £532m) from continuing operations. The Directors have                             The Company is not party to any significant agreements that
      declared dividends as follows:                                                              would take effect, alter or terminate following a change of control
                                                                                                  of the Company. The Company does not have agreements with
      Ordinary shares                                                                        £m   any Director or officer that would provide compensation for loss
      Paid interim dividend of 3.20 pence per share(a)                                            of office or employment resulting from a takeover, except that
      (2020/21: 3.20 pence per share)                                                      246    provisions of the Company’s share plans may cause options and
      Proposed final dividend of 7.70 pence per share(b)                                          awards granted under such plans to vest on a takeover.
      (2020/21: 5.95 pence per share)                                                      588
      Total dividend of 10.90 pence per share for 2021/22(b)
      (2020/21: 9.15 pence per share)                                                      834
                                                                                                  Share forfeiture
                                                                                                  A share forfeiture programme was launched following the
      (a) Excludes £1m dividends waived (2020/21: £3m).                                           completion of a tracing and notification exercise to any
      (b) Subject to shareholder approval at this year’s 2022 AGM, the final ordinary dividend
          will be paid on 24 June 2022 to all shareholders on the Register of Members at the      shareholders who had not had contact with the Company over
          close of business on 20 May 2022.                                                       the past 12 years, in accordance with the provisions set out in the
                                                                                                  Company’s Articles of Association. The shares and dividends
      Certain nominee companies representing our employee benefit                                 associated with shares of untraced members will be forfeited, with
      trusts hold shares in the Company in connection with the                                    the resulting proceeds transferred to the Company to use for good
      operation of the Company’s share plans. Evergreen dividend                                  causes. Further details of the share forfeiture programme,
      waivers remain in place on shares held by these companies                                   including details of the good causes who benefitted from it will be
      that have not been allocated to employees.                                                  provided in next year’s Annual Report.

      Dividend policy                                                                             Share buyback programme
      As announced in our half-yearly results, going forward it is the                            On 6 October 2021, the Company announced the commencement
      Board’s intention to pay a progressive dividend by aiming to grow                           of a share buyback programme with an aggregate market value
      the dividend per share each year, broadly targeting a payout of                             equivalent of up to £500m. The sole purpose of the share buyback
      around 50% of earnings.                                                                     programme is to reduce the Company’s share capital. During the
                                                                                                  year the Company bought back through market purchases on the
      Share capital and control of the Company                                                    London Stock Exchange 93,721,289 Ordinary shares with a nominal
      and significant agreements                                                                  value of 6 1/3 pence each, representing 1.23% of the issued share
      Details of the Company’s share capital, including changes during                            capital of the Company as at 26 February 2022, for a total
      the year in the issued share capital and details of the rights                              consideration of approximately £278m, including expenses of £1m.
      attaching to the Company’s Ordinary shares are set out in                                   All of the Ordinary shares bought back have been cancelled.
      Note 31 on page 185.
                                                                                                  Major shareholders
      No shareholder holds securities carrying special rights with regards                        Information provided to the Company by major shareholders
      to control of the Company. There are no restrictions on voting                              pursuant to the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
      rights or the transfer of securities in the Company. The Company                            (DTR) are published via a Regulatory Information Service and are
      is not aware of any agreements between holders of securities                                available on the Company’s website. As at 26 February 2022 and the
      that result in such restrictions.                                                           date of this report, the Company had received notification of the
                                                                                                  following interests in voting rights pursuant to Chapter 5 of the DTR:
      The Company was authorised by shareholders at the 2021 AGM to
                                                                                                                                                                       % of voting rights(a)
      replace the existing authority (as granted by shareholders at the
      General Meeting held on 11 February 2021) for Directors to allot new                        BlackRock, Inc.                                                                    6.64
      shares that represent not more than one third of the issued share                           Schroders plc                                                                      4.99
      capital of the Company. It was also given the authority to allot                            Norges Bank                                                                        3.06
      relevant securities in connection with a rights issue up to a further                       Fidelity International (FIL Limited)                                               3.04
      one third of the issued share capital as at 5 May 2021. No shares                           (a) Percentages are shown as a percentage of the Company’s total voting rights as at the
      were allotted under that authority during the financial year. The                               date the Company was notified of the change in holding.
      Company is seeking to renew this authority at the forthcoming                               Articles of Association
      AGM, within the limits set out in the notice of that meeting.                               The Company’s Articles of Association may only be amended by
                                                                                                  special resolution at a general meeting of the shareholders.
      The Company was authorised by shareholders at the 2021 AGM to
      replace the existing authority (as granted by shareholders at the                           Appointment and retirement of Directors
      General Meeting held on 11 February 2021) to purchase its own                               The appointment and retirement of Directors is governed by the
      shares in the market up to a maximum of approximately 10% of its                            Company’s Articles of Association, the UK Corporate Governance
      issued share capital. The Company is seeking to renew the                                   Code 2018, the Companies Act 2006 and other related legislation.
      authority at the forthcoming AGM, within the limits set out in the                          In the interests of good governance, all Directors will retire, and
      notice of that meeting and in line with the recommendations of                              those wishing to serve again will submit themselves for re-election
      the Pre-Emption Group.                                                                      at the forthcoming AGM.
      Shares held by the Company’s Share Incentive Plan (SIP) Trust,                              As detailed in the 2022 Notice of AGM, Steve Golsby (Non-executive
      International Employee Benefit Trust, Employees’ Share Scheme                               Director) and Simon Patterson (Non-executive Director) will be
      Trust and Booker Group 2010 Employee Benefit Trust rank pari                                stepping down from the Board and will not be seeking re-election
      passu with the shares in issue and have no special rights. Voting                           at the 2022 AGM. All other Directors are submitting themselves for
      rights and rights of acceptance of any offer relating to the shares                         re-election at the forthcoming AGM and were subject to a formal
      held in these trusts rests with the trustees, who may take account                          and rigorous performance evaluation, further details of which can
      of any recommendation from the Company. The trustees of the SIP                             be found on pages 61 and 62.

100   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                  Corporate governance




Directors and their interests                                            Our local and national colleague forums continue to give colleagues
The biographical details of the current serving Directors are set        a voice in how the business is run. Such feedback helps us drive
out on pages 48 to 51. The Directors who served during the year          our business forward as our colleagues are closest to our
were: John Allan; Mark Armour (who stood down from the Board             customers. To supplement these forums, we have also
on 25 June 2021); Melissa Bethell; Bertrand Bodson (who joined the       continued our Colleague Contribution Panels. These give our
Board on 1 June 2021); Thierry Garnier (who joined the Board on          colleagues the opportunity to share their views directly with a
30 April 2021); Stewart Gilliland; Steve Golsby; Byron Grote;            Non-executive Director, who then relays them to the Board
Ken Murphy; Imran Nawaz (who joined the Board on 1 May 2021);            for discussion and action.
Mikael Olsson (who stood down from the Board on 25 June 2021);
Deanna Oppenheimer (who stood down from the Board on 25 June             Our equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion policies support
2021); Simon Patterson; Alison Platt; Lindsey Pownall; Alan Stewart      managers and colleagues in creating a diverse and inclusive
(who stood down from the Board on 30 April 2021); and Karen              culture where everyone is welcome. Our policies demonstrate
Whitworth (who joined the Board on 18 June 2021). The interests of       our commitment to providing equal opportunities to all colleagues,
Directors and their immediate families, who served during the year,      irrespective of age, disability (including colleagues who may have
in the shares of Tesco PLC, along with details of Directors’ share       become disabled during service), gender reassignment, marriage
options, are contained in the Directors’ remuneration report set         and civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, race, religion or
out on pages 74 to 92.                                                   belief, sex or sexual orientation.

At no time during the year did any of the Directors have a material      Our aim is to attract and retain a diverse range of applicants from
interest in any significant contract with the Company or any of its      all different backgrounds. All of our applicants and colleagues are
subsidiaries. A qualifying third-party indemnity provision, as defined   treated fairly and we have a zero-tolerance approach, not only to
in section 234 of the Companies Act 2006, is in force to the extent      harassment but also to discrimination and bullying of any kind.
permitted by law for the benefit of each of the Directors and the        This includes an expectation that our recruitment systems are
Group Company Secretary (who is also a Director of certain               accessible and managers give full and fair consideration to
subsidiaries of the Company) in respect of liabilities incurred as       colleagues who have disabilities during recruitment and
a result of their office. In respect of those liabilities for which      subsequently throughout their career with Tesco, including
Directors may not be indemnified, the Company maintained a               colleagues who may become disabled during their employment,
Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance policy throughout           where every endeavour will be made to retain colleagues through
the financial year.                                                      workplace adjustments. Following consultation with our disabled
                                                                         colleagues network, we have refreshed our workplace adjustments
Employment policies                                                      process this year by merging our workplace adjustments and
We have continued to focus on ensuring that our employment               occupational health provider so we can provide a more seamless
policies are simple, helpful and trusted, so that our colleagues         service to managers and colleagues and introduced adjustment
and managers are able to source the information they need                panels to enable more consistent decision making on adjustments
quickly and easily.                                                      with the input of relevant experts. We are also a proud Disability
                                                                         Confident Employer (level 2) offering various activities and
This year we have introduced a centralised colleague relations           programmes to attract, develop and retain talented disabled
shared service model with tiered levels of manager support               colleagues. Our colleague network for people with disabilities
accessed via a ticketing and triage system. This has been combined       provides support by connecting them with people who have
with a flexible pooled resource model, better able to respond to         similar interests and backgrounds and helps them reach their
business demand with improved access for all levels of managers          full potential. Through action-oriented colleague learning, we are
who require support, rather than relying on specific individual          focused on raising awareness of the importance of inclusion and
relationships. To support colleagues, our colleague response             developing a greater understanding of individual and collective
activity has also been transferred into this support model which         responsibility. Supporting our commitment to change, targeted
will improve resolution rates for colleague concerns. All of this is     learning has been created for all colleagues, as well as specific
underpinned by continuous improvement of our self-service                modules for line managers, People and Resourcing teams and
culture, enabled by the colleague help intranet site.                    our leadership teams.

We have continued to work with USDAW, our recognised trade               All managers will experience learning over the next 12 months,
union in the UK, to improve our policies so that they address the        supporting them in feeling empowered and comfortable
needs of all our colleagues. These include several changes to our        talking about difference, and ensuring everyone has an
sickness absence policy to take into account the regulations             opportunity to get on.
relating to COVID-19 which have varied in each devolved nation
throughout the year. In doing so we have ensured that all colleagues     Our colleague networks (Armed Forces, Disability, LGBTQ+,
have been paid company sick pay from the first day of absence            Race & Ethnicity, and Women at Tesco) provide support in
if they are symptomatic or test positive for COVID-19, pregnant          creating a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone is
colleagues are placed on paid maternity suspension where appropriate     welcome. This year we have also introduced a new Parents &
and any positive cases reported to us have their workplace close         Carers network in response to feedback from colleagues who
contacts traced to ensure they self-isolate where required. We           wanted to share experiences in this area and work with Tesco to
have also offered to rearrange shifts and in some cases given paid       improve how we look after their interests. To support our networks
time off for colleagues to be vaccinated against COVID-19.               and commitments to inclusion, we have signed several external
                                                                         pledges, including the Business In the Community Race at Work
COVID-19 has also led to us making changes to our flexible working       Charter in 2019 and the ‘If not now, when?’ campaign in 2020.
policy to enable international remote working where appropriate          We also joined the 30% Club to improve gender balance across
in response to the travel restrictions introduced as a result of the     the business. We are proud to be a Global Diversity champion
pandemic, and the adoption of blended working in our offices with        with Stonewall and a gold member of the UK Government’s Armed
colleagues spending a regular portion of their week working from         Forces Covenant. These external commitments help hold us to
home. In conjunction with those changes, we have rewritten the           account in continuing to create a culture of inclusion and an
policy to encourage managers to try and say yes to most flexible         environment where all colleagues have the opportunity to get on.
working requests and illustrated the policy with case studies of
where such requests have been successfully arranged.


                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022      101
      Directors’ report continued


      We actively encourage colleagues to take an interest in the financial     In our own supplier viewpoint survey, conducted in January 2022,
      performance of our business through bonus plans for specific              the results continue to reflect the progress we have made with our
      populations. We also operate two HMRC-approved all-employee               supplier relationships. Our total Group and UK scores for suppliers
      share plans to enable all UK colleagues to share in the longer-term       rating their satisfaction with Tesco as either ‘extremely satisfied’
      success of the business. Colleagues at WL3 and above across all           or ‘very satisfied’ exceeded our targets. Compared to the same
      markets and countries are awarded shares through the Annual               period last year, our Group satisfaction score was 86.4% (an
      Bonus Plan, which are deferred at WL4 and above. Also colleagues          increase compared to last year) and our UK satisfaction score
      at WL4 and above across all markets and countries are awarded             was 85.1%, slightly down on last year. Among topics relevant to the
      shares through the Performance Share Plan.                                Code, our strongest score in viewpoint continues to be ‘Tesco
                                                                                pays promptly (within policy terms)’ at 93.9%. 87.7% of suppliers
      Colleagues in ROI can also participate in a scheme which is aligned       agreed that ‘Tesco treats me fairly’. Both of these scores are
      to the UK Save As You Earn scheme so they too can share in longer         improvements compared to the same period last year.
      term business success.
                                                                                Also, in the 2021 independent, industry-wide Advantage survey of
      Political donations                                                       retailers, we were pleased to be ranked first in all six categories, an
      The Group did not make any political donations (2020/21: £nil) or         improvement on last year when we were placed first in five of the
      incur any political expenditure during the year (2020/21: £nil).          six categories.

      Compliance with the Groceries (Supply Chain                               During the preceding financial year, we provided mandatory annual
      Practices) Market Investigation Order 2009 and the                        refresher training for all colleagues involved in buying groceries,
                                                                                including not only the buying teams but also a wider set of
      Groceries Supply Code of Practice (the Code)
                                                                                colleagues including those working in our Quality and Supply Chain
      The Code regulates aspects of the commercial relationship
                                                                                divisions. In total 2,259 colleagues completed GSCOP annual
      between 14 designated grocery retailers in the UK and their
                                                                                refresher training, with the majority being trained via role-based,
      suppliers of grocery products. The aim of the Code is to establish
                                                                                microlearning scenarios. 89% of colleagues said that they found
      and embed the overarching principles of fairness and lawfulness
                                                                                microlearning a better way to learn and retain training than a single
      within retailer – supplier relationships. Specific supplier protections
                                                                                longer training module. In addition to refresher training, 245 new
      under the Code include: the obligation for agreements to be in
                                                                                starters completed new starter GSCOP training and all of those
      writing and copies retained; reasonable notice to be given of
                                                                                required to complete the training did so within the thirty-day
      changes to the supply chain or reduction in the volume of
                                                                                requirement set down by the Code. In addition to computer-based
      purchases; and a number of provisions relating to payments to
                                                                                training, we have also provided numerous face-to-face training
      suppliers, including obligations for retailers to pay suppliers in
                                                                                sessions on GSCOP, whether on a standalone basis or combined
      full and without delay.
                                                                                with another element of legal or regulatory education.
      Retailer compliance with the Code is overseen by the Groceries
                                                                                This year, 13 Code-related issues were raised by suppliers, down
      Code Adjudicator (GCA), Mark White. In 2021/22, we continued
                                                                                from 22 during 2020/21. In addition, one issue was carried over
      to engage constructively with the GCA and were delighted to
                                                                                from 2020/21.
      welcome Mark and his team to our offices in October 2021 to
      meet our UK CEO and our Chief Product Officer and to learn
                                                                                The majority of concerns raised by suppliers related to delisting
      more about our business and discuss our approach to GSCOP
                                                                                decisions, but in almost all of these cases the suppliers were not
      risk management.
                                                                                alleging a breach of GSCOP but were instead seeking to have the
                                                                                delisting decision reviewed (or elements of it, such as the number
      In the reporting year, we have continued to develop and expand
                                                                                of SKUs to be delisted or the duration of the notice period). No
      our Code compliance programme. This year, we have implemented
                                                                                formal Disputes (as defined by Part 5, Article 11 of the GSCOP
      a new supplier onboarding process, moving to an online platform,
                                                                                Order) were received during the year.
      which is easier and more efficient for both suppliers and Tesco
      colleagues to use. We have also engaged positively with the GCA’s
                                                                                At the end of the reporting period, we had resolved all issues that
      best practice statement on forensic auditing. The trading
                                                                                were raised during the preceding year (or which were open at the
      environment has been complicated by the ongoing effects of Brexit
                                                                                start of the year), following further discussion between the buying
      and COVID-19 and, among other effects, this has given rise to
                                                                                team and the relevant supplier, or between our Code Compliance
      considerable inflationary pressure on producers. We were grateful
                                                                                Officer and the supplier.
      for the GCA’s published guidance on managing suppliers’ requests
      for cost price increases, these have largely been managed
      collaboratively between suppliers and buyers. Further, we have            Going concern, longer-term prospects and viability
      expanded our GSCOP guidance for buyers, drafting guidance during          statement
      the reporting year in relation to the Code’s requirement to give          The Directors consider that the Group and the Company have
      reasonable notice in a number of situations. We were particularly         adequate resources to remain in operation for the foreseeable
      pleased that in the GCA’s annual supplier survey for 2021, 96% of         future and have therefore continued to adopt the going concern
      our suppliers recognised that we comply ‘consistently well’ or            basis in preparing the financial statements. The UK Corporate
      ‘mostly well’ with the Code, an improvement of three percentage           Governance Code (which is publicly available at the website of
      points over the 2020 survey.                                              the Financial Reporting Council at www.frc.org.uk) requires the
                                                                                Directors to assess and report on the prospects of the Group over
                                                                                a longer period. This longer-term viability statement is set out on
                                                                                pages 38 and 39.




102   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




Events after the balance sheet date                                     Tesco is dedicated to tackling modern slavery not just within our
The Group’s assessment of the impact of the war in Ukraine, both        own operations and supply chains, but the issue of forced labour
before and after the balance sheet date, can be found in Note 1         more broadly. Modern slavery is one of our four key human rights
on page 129. More information can be found on page 32 in the            strategic priority areas, in which we work to bring about change
Strategic report. There are no other events after the reporting         through our Improve, Transform and Advocate model. In both our
period requiring disclosure.                                            supply chains and within our own business, our greatest risks of
                                                                        modern slavery exist where there is a reliance on temporary,
Directors’ statement of disclosure of information to                    seasonal, informal and lower-paid labour. Through consultation
the auditor                                                             with external experts, as well as Tesco’s in-house team expertise,
Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of        this year we have developed an updated modern slavery strategy
this Annual Report confirms that:                                       which details our risk areas based on regions, products, supply
                                                                        chains and known drivers of risk. Based on the above criteria,
– so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit           and established knowledge, we have identified four priority
  information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware; and            areas; primary sites and end-to-end poultry in Thailand and
– the Director has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have        Malaysia, priority fisheries, UK and Central Europe own-operations
  taken as a Director in order to make himself/herself aware of         and UK seasonal produce.
  any relevant audit information and to establish that the
  Company’s auditor is aware of that information.                       Our approach to preventing, identifying and mitigating modern
                                                                        slavery is based on the five factors that we believe are vital to
This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance      enabling an environment to eradicate modern slavery, which
with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.           include effective grievance mechanisms and remediation.
                                                                        We have a robust programme for identifying potential or actual
                                                                        modern slavery concerns including regular SEDEX Members
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
                                                                        Ethical Trade Audits (SMETA), training requirements for all primary
disclosures                                                             suppliers and a network of 40 in-country specialists. Detailed
A breakdown of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in accordance         examples of how we have remediated issues identified can be
with our regulatory obligation to report greenhouse gas emissions       found within our modern slavery statement and include the
pursuant to section 7 of the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report       reimbursement of identified recruitment fees. In light of
and Directors’ Report) Regulations 2013 and the Companies               recruitment fees and debt bondage as a key driver of modern
(Directors’ Report), and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and     slavery (a causal factor in over 50% of modern slavery cases
Carbon Report) Regulations 2018 can be found on page 40. The            globally), we are focusing on responsible recruitment as a
below summarises some of the initiatives we have implemented to         strategy to mitigate risk at the source. We have implemented
drive energy efficiency across our operations in support of our net     specific responsible recruitment policies for suppliers in
zero ambitions:                                                         Thailand and Malaysia, and are working with suppliers in the
                                                                        UK to embed best practice.
– LED lighting upgrades across the entire UK estate: this included
  completing lighting upgrades in over 130 stores, resulting in all     More information on our statement can be found on our website at
  sales floors, distribution centres and customer fulfilment            www.tescoplc.com.
  centres having LED lighting.
– Installation of refrigeration technology across all our UK
                                                                        Anti-bribery matters
  stores: we have installed aerofoils in all large format stores and
                                                                        We have a zero-tolerance approach to bribery. Our anti-bribery
  most of our Express stores have fridge doors which are saving
                                                                        programme operates across the Group. The programme is built
  15% energy use.
                                                                        around a clear understanding of how and where bribery risks
– Invested in high-efficiency ventilation fans: the majority of our
                                                                        affect our business and comprises key controls such as: policies
  large format store ventilation units, salesfloor air handling units
                                                                        (anti-bribery, gifts and entertainment, conflicts of interest,
  and extract fans have been upgraded with more efficient fans.
                                                                        charitable donations); procedures such as conducting due diligence
  We will complete all store upgrades within the next two years.
                                                                        on suppliers (in particular those who will engage public officials on
– Invested in new energy monitoring platform: we are migrating
                                                                        our behalf); training colleagues on bribery risks every year; and
  to an enhanced energy monitoring system that will help us to
                                                                        ongoing assurance programmes to test that the controls are
  identify opportunities to reduce energy consumption across all
                                                                        functioning effectively. Bribery risk management is discussed at
  our UK sites.
                                                                        senior leadership groups in each business unit, including at the
– Rolled out Lightfoot® telematics in our home delivery vans
                                                                        Group level, and also twice a year with the Audit Committee.
  and continued to use Fleetboard in our distribution fleet: both
  systems improve driver efficiency and miles per gallon, with our
  home delivery vans reporting a 7% saving across our UK vehicle        Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking
  fleet.                                                                information
– Optimising distribution and home delivery operations: which           Where this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements,
  continues to reduce road miles and secure efficiencies, including     these are based on current expectations and assumptions, and
  upgrading vehicle tyres.                                              speak only as of the date they are made. These statements should
                                                                        be treated with caution due to the inherent risks, uncertainties
Modern Slavery Act                                                      and assumptions underlying any such forward-looking information.
As per section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, our Modern         The Group cautions investors that a number of factors, including
Slavery Statement is reviewed and approved by the Board on an           matters referred to in this document, could cause actual results to
annual basis and published on our Group website. The statement          differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-
covers the activities of Tesco PLC and certain UK subsidiaries and      looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to,
details policies, processes and actions we have taken to ensure         those discussed under principal risks and uncertainties on pages 33
that slavery and human trafficking are not taking place in our supply   to 37.
chains or any part of our business.




                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        103
      Directors’ report continued


      Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of                    a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of
      relevant terminology including the words: ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’,              the profit or loss of the Company for that period.
      ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’,
      ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’ or other words of similar meaning and include       In preparing the Parent Company financial statements, the
      all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of         Directors are required to:
      places throughout this Annual Report and include statements
      regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of our              – select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
      officers, Directors and employees concerning, among other things,               consistently;
      the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity,            – make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable
      prospects, growth, strategies and the business.                                 and prudent;
                                                                                    – state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been
      Neither the Group, nor any of its officers, Directors or employees,             followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and
      provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the                    explained in the financial statements; and
      occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-                 – prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis
      looking statements in this Annual Report will actually occur.                   unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will
      Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking                    continue in business.
      statements. Other than in accordance with our legal and regulatory
      obligations, the Group undertakes no obligation to publicly update            In preparing the Group financial statements, International
      or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of               Accounting Standard 1 requires that Directors:
      new information, future events or otherwise.
                                                                                    – properly select and apply accounting policies;
      Additional disclosures                                                        – present information, including accounting policies, in a manner
      Other information that is relevant to the Directors’ report, and                that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable
      which is incorporated by reference into this report, can be                     information;
      located as follows:                                                           – provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific
                                                                           Pages      requirements in IFRSs are insufficient to enable users to
      Events after the reporting period                                       191     understand the impact of particular transactions, other events
      Future developments                                                5 to 45      and conditions on the entity’s financial position and financial
      Research and development                                           5 to 45      performance; and
      Financial instruments and financial risk management             159 to 176
                                                                                    – make an assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a
                                                                                      going concern.
      Greenhouse gas emissions                                                40
      Corporate governance report                                       46 to 62
                                                                                    The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
      Colleague engagement                                             18 and 19
                                                                                    records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s
      Stakeholder engagement                                            20 to 22
                                                                                    transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
      Section 172 statement                                                   22
                                                                                    the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure
      Disclosures required pursuant to the Listing Rules can be found               that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
      on the following pages:                                                       They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
                                                                           Pages    Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
      Listing Rule 9.8.4R                                                           and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are
      Statement of capitalised interest                               137 to 141    responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and
      Allotment for cash of equity securities                               185     financial information included on the Company’s website.
      Waiver of dividends                                                   100     Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and
      Listing Rule 9.8.6(8)                                                         dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in
      Climate-related financial disclosures consistent with                         other jurisdictions. Each of the serving Directors, whose names and
      TCFD                                                             41 to 44     functions are set out on pages 48 to 51, confirms that, to the best
                                                                                    of their knowledge:
      The Company has chosen, in accordance with section 414C(11) of
      the Companies Act 2006, and as noted in this Directors’ report, to            – the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the
      include certain matters in its Strategic report that would otherwise            relevant financial reporting framework, give a true and fair view
      be required to be disclosed in this Directors’ report. The Strategic            of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
      report can be found on pages 5 to 45 and includes an indication of              Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation
      future likely developments in the Company, details of important                 taken as a whole;
      events and the Company’s business model and strategy.                         – the Strategic report includes a fair review of the development
      Statement of Directors’ responsibilities                                        and performance of the business and the position of the
      The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and               Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation
      the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and                  taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal
      regulations.                                                                    risks and uncertainties that they face; and
                                                                                    – the Annual Report and Financial Statements, taken as a whole,
      Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial                         are fair, balanced and understandable and provide the
      statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors                information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s
      are required to prepare the Group financial statements in                       position and performance, business model and strategy.
      accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards
      and applicable UK law. The Directors have also chosen to prepare              By order of the Board
      the Parent Company financial statements in accordance with
      United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United
      Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including
      Financial Reporting Standard (FRS) 101 Reduced Disclosure
                                                                                    Robert Welch
      Framework. Under company law, the Directors must not approve
                                                                                    Group Company Secretary
      the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give
                                                                                    12 April 2022



104   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements




Contents
Financial statements                                                                              Other information
Independent auditor’s report........................................................ 106          Supplementary information (unaudited). ......................................204
Group income statement. .............................................................. 116        Glossary – Alternative performance measures............................. 207
Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)........................117                         Five-year record.............................................................................213
Group balance sheet. ..................................................................... 118    Shareholder information. ...............................................................214
Group statement of changes in equity........................................... 119
Group cash flow statement.............................................................121
Notes to the Group financial statements.......................................122
Tesco PLC – Parent Company balance sheet.................................192
Tesco PLC – Parent Company statement
of changes in equity........................................................................193
Notes to the Parent Company financial statements......................194                                      Visit www.tescoplc.com/ar2022
Related undertakings of the Tesco Group......................................199                               for more information.



                                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                               105
      Independent auditor’s report to the members of Tesco PLC


      Report on the audit of the financial statements                        3. Summary of our audit approach
      1. Opinion                                                             Key audit matters
      In our opinion:                                                        The key audit matters that we identified in the current year were:

      – the financial statements of Tesco PLC (the ‘Parent Company’)         – Tesco Bank goodwill impairment;
        and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) give a true and fair view of      – pension valuation;
        the state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs         – store impairment review;
        as at 26 February 2022 and of the Group’s profit for the             – Tesco Bank loan impairment;
        year then ended;
                                                                             – recognition of commercial income; and
      – the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
                                                                             – retail technology environment, including IT security.
        in accordance with United Kingdom adopted international
        accounting standards;
                                                                             Within this report, key audit matters are identified as follows:
      – the Parent Company financial statements have been properly
        prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally                    Newly identified
        Accepted Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting             Increased level of risk
        Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’; and
                                                                                Similar level of risk
      – the financial statements have been prepared in accordance               Decreased level of risk
        with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

      We have audited the financial statements which comprise:               Materiality
                                                                             The materiality that we used for the Group financial statements
      – the Group income statement;                                          was £100m which was determined on the basis of 4.60% of
      – the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss);                  adjusted profit before tax from continuing operations (including net
                                                                             pension finance costs) as described further on page 111 below.
      – the Group and Parent Company balance sheets;
      – the Group and Parent Company statements of changes in equity;        In the prior year materiality was determined based on 0.13% of
      – the Group cash flow statement; and                                   revenue from continuing operations due to the impact of COVID-19
      – the related Notes 1 to 37 of the Group financial statements and      on the profitability of the group as a whole. Our determined
        Notes 1 to 15 of the Parent Company financial statements.            materiality in the current year equates to 0.16% of revenue from
                                                                             continuing operations.
      The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the
      preparation of the Group financial statements is applicable law        Scoping
      and United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards.         The components which were either full or specified account
      The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the         balance scope in the current year contribute 96% (2020/21: 98%)
      preparation of the Parent Company financial statements is              of revenue from continuing operations, 98% (2020/21: 98%) of
      applicable law and United Kingdom accounting standards,                operating profit from continuing operations and 95% (2020/21: 97%)
      including FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (United               of total assets.
      Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).
                                                                             Significant changes in our approach
      2. Basis for opinion                                                   We no longer report the following as key audit matters:
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International
      Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law.             – Contingent liabilities, due to the settlement of the Homeplus
      Our responsibilities under those standards are further described         claim and the UK shareholder litigation during 2021/22.
      in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial         The Audit Committee’s discussion on the settlement of these
      statements section of our report.                                        matters is set out on page 71; and
                                                                             – While we noted there has been a change in the Group’s key
      We are independent of the Group and the Parent Company in                performance indicator from ‘Group operating profit before
      accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our        exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’
      audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial     to ‘Adjusted operating profit’, with a similar change to the
      Reporting Council’s (‘the FRC’s’) Ethical Standard as applied to         ‘Adjusted earnings per share’ metric, we consider the level
      listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other         of management judgement and associated risk with
      ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.          ‘Presentation of the Group’s income statement’ to have
      The non-audit services provided to the Group and Parent Company          reduced in comparison to previous periods. We have
      for the year are disclosed in Note 3 (Income and expenses) to the        continued to consider key performance indicator metrics,
      financial statements. We confirm that we have not provided any           including Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted earnings
      non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard to the       per share, as part of our overall response to the risk of
      Group or the Parent Company.                                             management override of controls.

      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient      There are no other significant changes in our approach in
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                    comparison to prior period.




106   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                 Financial statements




4. Conclusions relating to going concern                                              Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that                          any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the                    individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.                               Group’s and Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going
                                                                                      concern for a period of at least eighteen months from when
Our evaluation of the Directors’ assessment of the Group’s and                        the financial statements are authorised for issue.
Parent Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting included:                                                         In relation to the reporting on how the Group has applied the
                                                                                      UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add
– obtaining confirmation for the financing facilities including nature                or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement in the
  of facilities, repayment terms and covenants to ensure that                         financial statements about whether the Directors considered it
  these facilities remain available at year-end;                                      appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
– assessing the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the
  Group’s funding plan approved by the Board (which included the                      Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with
  impact of the macroeconomic downturn);                                              respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections
– testing the clerical accuracy and assessing the sophistication of                   of this report.
  the model used to prepare the forecasts including obtaining an
  understanding of relevant controls over management’s model;                         5. Key audit matters
– reviewing the liquidity forecast and undertaking sensitivities to                   Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
  assess whether there is sufficient headroom;                                        judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial
                                                                                      statements of the current period and include the most significant
– challenging the assumptions used within the Group’s going
                                                                                      assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to
  concern model by obtaining third-party and market data and
                                                                                      fraud) that we identified. These matters included those which had
  evaluating any differences between this data and the judgement
                                                                                      the greatest effect on the overall audit strategy, the allocation of
  and assumptions used;
                                                                                      resources in the audit, and directing the efforts of the
– evaluating the historical accuracy of forecasts prepared by                         engagement team.
  management;
– considering the mitigating factors identified by management in                      These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
  relation to their going concern analysis; and                                       financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
– assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s disclosure                             and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
  concerning the going concern basis.


Key audit matter description                      How the scope of our audit responded to the key audit matter           Key observations

    5.1 Tesco Bank goodwill impairment
As described in Note 1 (Accounting policies,      Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding of            Based on our audit procedures we
judgements and estimates) and Note 10             relevant controls in relation to the review and approval of the        are satisfied that the assumptions
(Goodwill and other intangible assets) of the     discount rate and Tesco Bank’s cash flow forecasts used in             in the Tesco Bank goodwill
financial statements, the Group held £4,291m      the model. We have also performed a series of specific audit           impairment model are reasonable
(2020/21 £4,271m) of goodwill of which £500m      procedures to address the key audit matter which included              and supportable based on
relates to Tesco Bank (2020/21: £480m).           the following:                                                         available evidence, both internal
                                                                                                                         and external, and that no
Under IAS 36 ’Impairment of assets’, the          Management’s discount rate                                             impairment was required.
Group is required to review goodwill for          Use of specialists: We involved our valuation specialists in           As part of our assessment of
impairment at least annually by assessing the     testing the discount rate used in calculating the recoverable          management’s controls, we note
recoverable amount of each cash-generating        amount. We calculated an independent range of acceptable               that management have improved
unit, or group of cash-generating units, to       discount rates and challenged management’s inputs to their             the precision and granularity of
which the goodwill relates.                       own calculation.                                                       review controls over the
Assessing the recoverable amount of the           Sensitivity analysis: We performed a sensitivity analysis on the       impairment model. We also
Tesco Bank cash-generating unit requires          impairment of goodwill using our independently calculated rate.        consider the disclosures, including
significant judgement in forecasting future                                                                              the sensitivity disclosure in Note
cash flows, determining future growth rates       Other terminal value assumptions                                       15, to be appropriate.
and estimating the discount rate to be applied.   Forecasting accuracy: We assessed management’s forecasting
                                                  accuracy based on the historical forecasts and actuals.
The key audit matter specifically relates to
the following:                                    Challenge of key assumptions: With involvement of our internal
                                                  economic modelling specialists, we challenged the achievability
– The post-tax discount rate that                 of the Bank’s return to pre-COVID-19 levels of performance with
   management apply to the cashflows; and         reference to the anticipated shape of the macroeconomic
– The quantum of the terminal value,              recovery and relevant sectoral trends. We also challenged the
   specifically whether the forecast return       achievability of the revenue growth and cost reduction
   to pre-COVID-19 levels of performance,         assumptions in the later years of the cash flow forecasts with
   including assumptions on revenue growth        reference to management’s specific initiatives for delivering
   and cost reduction, and the timing thereof,    growth, and whether forecast margins are in line with historical
   is achievable and reflects the latest          margins and the wider market.
   economic outlook and sector trends.
                                                  Use of independent market expectations: We challenged
Tesco Bank goodwill is sensitive to changes in    management’s key assumptions within the cash flow forecasts
the key assumptions, in particular the discount   based on historical and market trends.
rate and annual equity cash flows, with a
1.0%pt increase in the discount rate or a         Disclosure
decrease in annual equity cashflows of 14.2%      We also evaluated whether there was appropriate disclosure
reducing the year-end headroom of £212m to        regarding the discount rate and other key assumptions, including
£nil, as noted in Note 15 (Impairment of          the sensitivity disclosure.
non-current assets).
The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key
audit matter is set out on page 71.


                                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022      107
      Independent auditor’s report to the members of Tesco PLC continued


      Key audit matter description                                 How the scope of our audit responded to the key audit matter   Key observations

          5.2 Pension valuation
      As described in Note 1 (Accounting policies, judgements      Our audit procedures included obtaining an                     Based on our audit procedures
      and estimates) and Note 30 (Post-employment benefits)        understanding of relevant controls in relation                 we are satisfied that the overall
      of the financial statements, the Group has a defined         to the pension obligation valuation process.                   methodology is appropriate, and
      benefit pension plan in the UK retail business. At 26                                                                       the key assumptions applied in
                                                                   In addition, we involved our actuarial specialists to
      February 2022, the Group recorded a net retirement                                                                          relation to determining the
                                                                   assess the key actuarial assumptions used, both
      benefit surplus before deferred tax of £2,847m (2020/21:                                                                    pension valuation are within our
                                                                   financial and demographic, and considered the
      net retirement benefit obligation before deferred tax:                                                                      reasonable range.
                                                                   methodology utilised to derive these assumptions.
      £1,222m), comprising plan assets of £22,390m (2020/21:
                                                                   In order to challenge management’s discount rate,
      £20,082m) and plan liabilities of £19,543m (2020/21:
                                                                   we independently calculated an appropriate rate
      £21,304m). The net retirement surplus of £2,847m before
                                                                   and compared this to management’s rate.
      deferred tax comprises schemes in surplus of £3,150m
      and schemes in deficit of £303m with the schemes in          Working with our actuarial experts, we benchmarked
      surplus all relating to the UK.                              and challenged other assumptions used by
                                                                   management in determining the value of pension
      The valuation of the Group’s pension obligations is
                                                                   liabilities, particularly focusing on inflation and
      sensitive to changes in key assumptions and dependent
                                                                   mortality. This included comparing the inputs and
      on market conditions. The key audit matter specifically
                                                                   assumptions used in determining the valuation of the
      relates to the key financial and demographic assumptions
                                                                   UK retail pension plan to those used in comparable
      linked to the valuation of the UK retail pension plan
                                                                   pension plans and our internal benchmarks.
      obligations: discount rate, inflation expectations and
                                                                   Additionally, we have considered the independence,
      mortality assumptions.
                                                                   competence, capabilities and objectivity of the
      The setting of these assumptions is complex and              independent actuaries and valuation experts
      requires the exercise of significant management              engaged by management to perform valuations
      judgement with the support of management’s                   of the relevant plans.
      actuaries and valuation experts.
      In the prior year, the pension valuation key audit matter
      reflected increased audit risk over the valuation of UK
      alternative investments due to market volatility as a
      result of COVID-19 which has since reduced following
      the initial shock.
      The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key audit
      matter is set out on page 71.
          5.3 Store impairment review
      As described in Note 1 (Accounting policies, judgements      Our audit procedures included obtaining an                     Based on our audit procedures we
      and estimates), Note 11 (Property, plant and equipment)      understanding of relevant controls around the                  concluded that the assumptions
      and Note 12 (Leases) of the financial statements, the        impairment review process.                                     in the impairment models were
      Group held £17,060m (2020/21: £16,945m) of property,                                                                        within an acceptable range and
                                                                   Our procedures in relation to the Group’s
      plant and equipment and £5,720m of right of use assets                                                                      that the overall level of net
                                                                   value in use assessment included:
      (2020/21: £5,951m) at 26 February 2022.                                                                                     impairment charge was
      Under IAS 36, the Group is required to complete an
                                                                   – challenging the key assumptions utilised in the cash         reasonable.
                                                                     flow forecasts with reference to historical trading
      impairment review of its store portfolio where there are                                                                    Through the completion of our
                                                                     performance, the wider economic environment
      indicators of impairment or impairment reversal.                                                                            work we are satisfied with the
                                                                     (including possible macroeconomic impacts of the
      Judgement is required in identifying indicators of                                                                          integrity of the model used for the
                                                                     war in Ukraine), anticipated changes in consumer
      impairment charges or reversals and estimation is                                                                           current year impairment exercise.
                                                                     behaviour, competitor actions, our understanding
      required in determining the recoverable amount of the                                                                       We consider the disclosures,
                                                                     of the Group’s strategic initiatives, and wider
      Group’s store portfolio.                                                                                                    including the sensitivity disclosure
                                                                     climate change considerations;
                                                                                                                                  in Note 15 to be appropriate.
      Where a review for impairment, or reversal of                – reviewing the accuracy of past forecasts of growth
      impairment, is conducted, the recoverable amount is            rates and future cash flows to assess the level of
      determined based on the higher of ‘value in use’ or            accuracy of the forecasting process;
      ‘fair value less costs of disposal’.                         – performing sensitivity analyses to assess the impact
                                                                     on impairment of a change in the probability
      Value in use has been calculated using probability-
                                                                     percentages applied to the cash flow scenarios;
      weighted cash flows reflecting management’s best
      estimate of the impact of the economic environment and
                                                                   – with the involvement of our valuation specialists,
                                                                     calculating an independent range and evaluating
      climate change on the future trading performance of the
                                                                     management’s inputs to their discount rate and
      Group. Further details of the probability-weighted cash
                                                                     long-term growth rate;
      flows are set out in Note 15 of the financial statements.
                                                                   – assessing and challenging the adequacy of
      Management determine the fair value less costs to              management’s sensitivity analysis in relation to key
      dispose of the stores with the assistance of independent       assumptions to consider the extent of change in
      professional valuers. External valuations are obtained for     those assumptions that either individually or
      a sample of stores, the results of which are then used by      collectively would be required to lead to a
      management to determine the fair value of the other            significant further impairment charge or reversal, in
      properties. Further details of the basis for the valuation     particular forecast cash flows, discount rates and
      are set out in Note 15.                                        property fair values in light of increased market
                                                                     volatility due to the war in Ukraine;
      In making their assessment of value in use and fair value
      less costs to dispose, management has considered the
                                                                   – using analytical techniques to identify unusual
                                                                     trends in data inputs and model outputs, to identify
      impact of the war in Ukraine on the macroeconomic
                                                                     inaccurate data and any modelling errors or bias;
      trading environment and property fair values where
      conditions existed at the balance sheet date.
                                                                   – assessing the methodology applied in determining
                                                                     the value in use compared with the requirements
      The key audit matter relates specifically to the UK store      of IAS 36 and checking the integrity of the value in
      portfolio which represents 81% of both the Group’s             use model prepared by the Group; and
      property, plant and equipment and right of use asset         – involving our specialist modelling team in evaluating
      balances.                                                      the integrity of the impairment model.




108   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                 Financial statements




Key audit matter description                                    How the scope of our audit responded to the key audit matter   Key observations
5.3 Store impairment review continued
Management’s impairment review is sensitive to changes in       In relation to the Group’s stores where their value is
the key assumptions as set out in Note 15. Judgement is         supported by fair value less costs to dispose, our
required to forecast store cash flows which are derived         procedures included challenging the assumptions used
from the Board approved Long Term Plan (LTP). In                by the Group in determining the fair market value
particular, the impairment model is sensitive to changes        including those completed by external valuers and
to the year 3 cash flow as this cash flow is discounted into    assessing whether appropriate valuation methodologies
the long term in the value in use calculation. Key areas of     have been applied. Where stores are supported by their
judgement in the cash flow forecasts include the ability of     fair values less costs to dispose (rather than value in use)
management to achieve their forecasts in light of changing      but management plan to continue to trade in the store,
consumer behaviour, the volatile retail environment and         we have challenged management as to why the fair value
the Group’s ability to realise forecast cost savings.           is appropriate in these circumstances. Our property
                                                                valuation specialists have been involved in evaluating
Other areas of key estimation in the store impairment
                                                                the fair value less cost to sell and, as part of our work
review are as follows:
                                                                performed, we have evaluated the competence,
– the probability applied to each cash flow scenario in         capability and objectivity of management’s valuers.
   calculating the probability-weighted cash flows;
                                                                We also evaluated whether there was appropriate
– the discount rate and long-term growth rate used to           disclosure regarding sensitivities associated with
  determine value in use from the probability-weighted
                                                                management’s impairment review.
  cash flows; and
– the fair value of properties supporting the carrying value
  of store assets, in particular in response to the changing
  retail and broader property landscape.
The LTP is prepared on a top-down basis and not at an
individual store level. Management perform an exercise
to allocate forecast performance across individual stores
within the portfolio ensuring cashflows derived from the
LTP are in accordance with IAS 36. This increases the
complexity and level of judgement within the
impairment model.
As a result of the Group’s store impairment review
completed during the year, a net impairment charge
of £115m (2020/21: net impairment reversal of £89m)
was recognised.
The sensitivities associated with management’s impairment
review are presented within Note 15 to the financial
statements.
The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key audit matter
is set out on page 71.
   5.4 Tesco Bank loan impairment
As disclosed in Note 19 (Loans and advances to customers        We have obtained an understanding of the relevant              Based on our audit
and banks), the Group held an expected credit loss (‘ECL’)      controls, including model governance forums, model             procedures we concluded
provision in respect of loans and advances to customers of      monitoring and calibrations including the determination        that management’s provision
£489m at 26 February 2022 (2020/21: £625m). The ECL on          of PMAs, the review and approval of macroeconomic              is reasonably stated and is
these loans and advances credited to the income                 scenarios, the flow of data from the Group’s information       supported by a methodology
statement was £30m in the year to 26 February 2022              systems into the model, and the flow of the output of the      that is consistently applied
(2020/21 charge: £360m). The decrease in provision              model to the general ledger.                                   and compliant with IFRS 9.
compared to the prior year is primarily due to the                                                                             We consider the sensitivity
                                                                Our audit work to address the key audit matter included
improvements in the macroeconomic outlook partially                                                                            disclosures provided in
                                                                the procedures noted below:
offset by additional post-model adjustments (‘PMAs’) to                                                                        Note 26 to the financial
account for the risks associated with prevailing                Macroeconomic scenarios and related model                      statements to be
headwinds in the economy.                                       refinements                                                    appropriate.
Despite the improvement in the macroeconomic outlook            With involvement of internal economic modelling
in the current year, loan impairment remains one of the         specialists, we challenged the macroeconomic scenario
most significant judgements made by management.                 forecasts that were incorporated into the ECL model,
                                                                including management’s selection of the relevant
We consider the most significant areas of judgement             macroeconomic variables. We assessed management’s
within the Group’s collective provisioning methodologies,       forecasts and their probability against external sources to
and therefore the key audit matters within loan                 assess their reasonableness, considering the forecasts in
impairment, to be:                                              light of any contradictory information.
– Macroeconomic scenarios: loan impairment provisions           We assessed the competence, capabilities and objectivity
   are required to be calculated on a forward-looking basis     of management’s expert, who supplies the
   under IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’. Management apply       macroeconomic forecasts, and considered whether the
   significant judgement in determining the forecast            methodology adopted by the expert was reasonable.
   macroeconomic scenarios and the probability weighting of
   each scenario that are incorporated into the ECL model.      We also evaluated whether there was appropriate
                                                                disclosure regarding the macroeconomic scenarios
– PMAs: management has included a number of PMAs to             selected by management, their probability weighting,
   capture the potential downside risks and model               and the related sensitivities.
   limitations arising as a result of the continued
   macroeconomic uncertainty. This includes PMAs to
   account for artificial improvements in customers’
   behavioural scores over the course of the pandemic,
   the potential impact of the emerging cost of living crisis
   on the Bank’s customers, the ongoing war in Ukraine
   and to align future default emergence to previous
   economic downturns.


                                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022     109
      Independent auditor’s report to the members of Tesco PLC continued


      Key audit matter description                              How the scope of our audit responded to the key audit matter   Key observations

         5.4 Tesco Bank loan impairment continued
      Other material judgements include the determination       PMAs
      of the expected life of exposures, the definition of a    With involvement of internal credit risk specialists, we
      significant increase in credit risk, the determination    challenged the appropriateness of each significant
      of probability of default and exposure at default, the    PMA recorded by management as well as the
      identification of loss events and the determination       completeness of PMAs with reference to our
      of loss given default.                                    observations in the broader market and
                                                                understanding of the risk profile of the portfolio.
      Given the material impact of the significant
      judgements taken by management in the                     We evaluated the accuracy of the calculation of
      measurement of the ECL provision, we also consider        the PMAs, which included an assessment of the
      there is an inherent risk of fraud through manipulation   completeness and accuracy of the underlying data
      of this balance.                                          used by management in their calculation.
      The sensitivities associated with management’s            We also evaluated whether there was appropriate
      judgements are presented within Note 26 (Financial        disclosure regarding the significant PMAs including how
      risk management) to the financial statements.             they were determined and the range of possible
                                                                outcomes.
      The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key audit
      matter is set out on page 71.
         5.5 Recognition of commercial income
      As described in Note 1 (Accounting policies,              Our audit procedures included obtaining an                     Based on our audit procedures we
      judgements and estimates) and Note 22 (Commercial         understanding of relevant controls the Group has               concluded that the recognition of
      income) of the financial statements, the Group has        established in relation to commercial income recognition.      commercial income is
      agreements with suppliers whereby volume-related                                                                         satisfactory. We consider the
                                                                In addition, we performed the following:
      allowances, promotional and marketing allowances                                                                         disclosure given around
      and various other fees and discounts are received in      – testing whether amounts recognised were accurate             commercial income provides an
      connection with the purchase of goods for resale            and recorded in the correct period by circularising a        appropriate understanding of the
      from those suppliers. As such, the Group recognises         sample of suppliers to test whether the arrangements         types of rebate income received
      a reduction in cost of sales as a result of amounts         recorded were in accordance with the terms agreed in         and the impact on the Group’s
      receivable from those suppliers.                            advance with the suppliers with regard to the nature,        balance sheet.
                                                                  timing and amount of the promotions. Where
      Commercial income should only be recognised as
                                                                  responses from suppliers were not received, we
      income within the income statement when the
                                                                  completed alternative procedures such as agreement
      performance conditions associated with it have
                                                                  to underlying contractual arrangements;
      been met, for example where the marketing
      campaign has been held.
                                                                – testing the year-end accrual for promotional deals to
                                                                  assess whether performance obligations have been
      The variety and number of the buying arrangements           fulfilled but amounts will be invoiced subsequent to
      with suppliers can make it complex to determine the         year end;
      performance conditions associated with the income,        – testing the completeness of commercial income by
      giving rise to a requirement for management                 evaluating management’s review and conclusions
      judgement. As such we have identified this as a             related to any commercial income deals that may have
      key audit matter and considered that there was a            been missed and performing analytical procedures to
      potential for fraud through possible manipulation           identify deals where performance obligations have
      of this income.                                             been fulfilled but invoicing could not occur due to
                                                                  pending final administrative procedures;
      The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key audit
      matter is set out on page 71.
                                                                – testing commercial income balances included within
                                                                  inventories and trade and other receivables, or netted
                                                                  against trade and other payables (as set out in Note 22)
                                                                  via balance sheet reconciliation procedures;
                                                                – holding discussions with members of the Group’s
                                                                  buying personnel to further understand the buying
                                                                  processes;
                                                                – using data analytics to identify commercial income
                                                                  deals which exhibited characteristics of audit interest
                                                                  upon which we completed detailed audit testing;
                                                                – reviewing the Group’s ongoing compliance with the
                                                                  Groceries Supplier Code of Practice (GSCOP) and
                                                                  additionally reviewing the reporting and
                                                                  correspondence to the Group’s supplier hotline in
                                                                  order to identify any areas where further investigation
                                                                  was required; and
                                                                – assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures made
                                                                  in relation to commercial income in the Group’s
                                                                  financial statements.




110   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                     Financial statements




Key audit matter description                                  How the scope of our audit responded to the key audit matter   Key observations

   5.6 Retail technology environment, including IT security
Since 2015/16 we have reported deficiencies in certain        We have continued to challenge and assess changes to           Based on our audit procedures we
IT controls within the retail IT systems, which could         the IT environment through the testing of remediated           concluded management’s actions
have an adverse impact on the Group’s controls and            controls and concluding on the sufficiency and                 have reduced the number of
financial reporting systems.                                  appropriateness of management’s changes.                       control deficiencies in the year by
                                                                                                                             closing the deficiency related to
Management has implemented a remediation plan                 During the year we have obtained an understanding of
                                                                                                                             SOC Reports. Further remediation
on control deficiencies related to Application User           relevant controls over the information systems that are
                                                                                                                             work is ongoing.
Access Management, Privileged Access Management               important to financial reporting, including the changes
and System and Organisation Controls (SOC) Reports,           made as part of the Group’s IT remediation programme.
progress against which is monitored. IT remediation is
                                                              Consistent with previous years we did not plan to take a
a complex, multi-year project involving management
                                                              control-reliant audit approach in the retail business due
judgement and processes which are at risk of being
                                                              to the weaknesses in the IT environment.
inappropriately designed or executed.
                                                              We have obtained an understanding of relevant manual
Areas of management’s remediation programme
                                                              controls which relate to identified deficiencies and
to which the key audit matter has been
                                                              consistent with the prior year we extended the scope of
pinpointed include:
                                                              our substantive audit procedures in response to the
– appropriateness of remediated access controls               deficiencies which affected the applications and
  across in-scope applications and their supporting           databases within the scope of our audit.
  infrastructure; and
– whether the remediated controls address
  previously identified deficiencies.
The Audit Committee’s discussion of this key audit
matter is set out on page 70.


6. Our application of materiality
6.1 Materiality
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable that the economic decisions of a
reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in
evaluating the results of our work.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:

                           Group financial statements                                                                        Parent Company financial statements
Materiality                £100m (2020/21: £75m)                                                                             £75m (2020/21: £56m)
Basis for                  4.60% (2020/21: 6.87%) of adjusted profit before tax (including net pension finance costs) of     Materiality represents less than 1%
determining                £2,175m (2020/21: £1,091m).                                                                       (2020/21: less than 1%) of net
materiality                                                                                                                  assets.
Rationale for the          We have determined materiality based on 4.60% of adjusted profit before tax from                  As this is the Parent Company of
benchmark                  continuing operations (including net pension finance costs). Adjusting items are defined in       the Group, it does not generate
applied                    Note 1 and include net pension finance costs. For the purpose of our materiality                  significant revenues other than
                           determination we have excluded them from adjusting items and therefore reduced adjusted           investment returns, but incurs
                           profit before tax accordingly. Our determined materiality represents 0.16% (2020/21: 0.13%)       costs.
                           of the Group’s revenue from continuing operations and 0.6% (2020/21: 0.6%) of net assets.
                                                                                                                             Net assets are of most relevance
                           In the prior year materiality was determined on the basis of 0.13% of revenue from                to users of the financial
                           continuing operations and equated to 6.87% of adjusted profit before tax from continuing          statements.
                           operations (including net pension finance costs). In the prior year we used revenue from
                           continuing operations as our benchmark to determine materiality due to the impact of
                           COVID-19 on the profitability of the Group as a whole. In 2021/22 our benchmark for
                           determining materiality has reverted to an adjusted profit measure as used prior to the
                           onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.
                           Refer to Note 4 for further details of adjusting items and management’s reconciliation of this
                           alternative performance measure to the Group’s statutory measure.
Component                  The work performed on components identified in our Group audit scope (excluding the Parent Company) was completed to a
materiality                component materiality level between £9m and £49m (2020/21: £8m and £37m).




                                                                                     Group materiality £100m

Adjusted profit
before tax from
continuing                                                                           Component materiality range
operations                                                                           £9m to £49m
(including net
pension finance
costs) £2,175m                                                                       Audit Committee reporting
                                                                                     threshold £5m

  Adjusted profit before tax from                       Group materiality
  continuing operations (including
  net pension finance costs)


                                                                                                        Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022      111
      Independent auditor’s report to the members of Tesco PLC continued


      Performance materiality                                                 For all other components not included in full scope or specified
      We set performance materiality at a level lower than materiality        scope, we performed analytical review procedures to confirm
      to reduce the probability that, in aggregate, uncorrected and           our conclusion that there was no significant risk of material
      undetected misstatements exceed the materiality for the                 misstatement in the residual population.
      financial statements as a whole.
                                                                              As each of the local finance functions maintains separate financial
                                                     Parent Company           records, we have engaged component auditors from the Deloitte
                       Group financial statements    financial statements
                                                                              member firms in the UK, Republic of Ireland and Central Europe to
      Performance      65% (2020/21: 65%) of         65% (2020/21: 65%)
                                                                              perform procedures at all the wholly-owned components under
      materiality      Group materiality             of Parent Company
                                                     materiality              our direction and supervision. This approach also allows us to
                                                                              engage local auditors who have appropriate knowledge of local
      Basis and        As we continue to be unable to rely on internal
                                                                              regulations to perform the audit work, under a common Deloitte
      rationale for    controls in the retail business, consistent with
      determining      previous years, we have used a lower percentage of     audit approach.
      performance      materiality to determine our performance materiality
      materiality      for 2021/22. In determining our performance            The components within either full or specified account balance
                       materiality we have also considered the nature,        scope contribute the proportions of Group totals shown below.
                       quantum and volume of corrected and uncorrected
                       misstatements in prior periods, including prior
                       period errors, and our expectation that                Revenue from continuing operations
                       misstatements from prior periods would not
                       likely recur in the current period.


      6.2 Error reporting threshold
                                                                                                                  Full scope 86%
      We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to the
      Committee all audit differences in excess of £5m (2020/21:                                                  Specified scope 10%
      £3.75m), as well as differences below that threshold that, in our                                           Residual scope 4%
      view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. We also report to
      the Audit Committee on disclosure matters that we identified when
      assessing the overall presentation of the financial statements.

      7. An overview of the scope of our audit                                Operating profit from continuing operations
      7.1 Identification and scoping of components
      Our Group audit was scoped by obtaining an understanding of the
      Group and its environment, including Group-wide controls, and
      assessing the risks of material misstatement at the Group level.
      The Group has subsidiary grocery retail operations in five countries,                                       Full scope 72%
      together with interests in a number of other businesses both in the                                         Specified scope 26%
      UK and internationally.                                                                                     Residual scope 2%

      The Group’s accounting process is structured around business
      units managed by local finance functions and further supported by
      shared service centres in Bengaluru, India and Budapest, Hungary
      which provide accounting and administrative support for the
      Group’s core retail operations. Each local finance function reports     Total assets
      through to the central Group finance function based at the Group’s
      head office. The results of each local finance function are
      consolidated on an entity-by-entity basis. In 2021/22 we have
      refined our audit scope to focus on the key entities and balances
      within the Group rather than including the entire business unit for                                         Full scope 75%
      full scope procedures. We have determined that each entity is a                                             Specified scope 20%
      separate component for scoping purposes.                                                                    Residual scope 5%

      Based on our assessment of the Group, we focused our Group
      audit scope primarily on entities within the six key retail business
      units (UK, Booker, Republic of Ireland, Czech Republic, Hungary and
      Slovakia) and Tesco Bank. All of these were subject to full scope
      or specified scope audits, the latter being where only the key
      financial statement account balances were included in scope.            At the Group level we also tested the consolidation process and
      The components which were either full or specified scope in the         carried out analytical procedures to confirm our conclusion that
      current year contribute 96% (2020/21: 98%) of the Group’s               there were no significant risks of material misstatement of the
      revenue from continuing operations, 98% (2020/21: 98%) of the           aggregated financial information of the remaining components
      Group’s operating profit from continuing operations and 95%             not subject to audit or audit of specified account balances. At a
      (2020/21: 97%) of the Group’s total assets.                             Group level we also performed audit procedures on centrally held
                                                                              balances including treasury, post-employment benefit obligations,
                                                                              head office costs and litigation and claims.




112   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                    Financial statements




The most significant component of the Group is its retail business      We issued detailed instructions to the component auditors,
in the UK. As such, there is extensive interaction between the          reviewed and challenged the related component reporting and
Group and the UK audit team to allow appropriate level of               findings from their work, reviewed underlying audit files, and
direction and supervision in this audit work. During the course of      attended component audit closing conference calls and other key
our audit, the UK audit team visited 48 (2020/21: 52) retail stores     meetings with management throughout the 2021/22 audit process.
in the UK to attend either inventory counts or in order to              We also had a dedicated audit partner focused on overseeing the
complete store control visits, and 6 (2020/21: 5) distribution          role of the component audit teams, ensuring that we applied a
centre inventory counts.                                                consistent audit approach to the operations in the Group’s
                                                                        international businesses.
7.2 Our consideration of the control environment
The Group’s operations utilise a range of information systems           Additionally, the component audit teams attended a virtual all
which underpin the financial reporting process. These are largely       day planning meeting in July 2021 and a virtual two-day planning
consistent across the retail business, however, Tesco Bank has          meeting in November 2021 led by the Group audit team and
separate information systems due to the nature of the business.         held prior to the commencement of our detailed audit work.
For all of the components that were subject to either full scope        The purpose of these planning meetings was to provide a common
or specified scope audits, we obtained an understanding of the          level of understanding of the Group’s businesses, its core
relevant IT systems for the purpose of our audit work.                  strategy and a discussion of the significant risks and workshops
                                                                        on our planned audit approach. Group management, component
In previous years we reported deficiencies in certain IT controls.      management and the Audit Committee Chair also attended part
As described in the Audit Committee Report on page 70,                  of the meetings to support these planning activities.
management has implemented a remediation plan, progress
against which is monitored. Accordingly, consistent with the            The Parent Company is located in the United Kingdom and audited
prior year, we extended the scope of our substantive audit              directly by the Group audit team.
procedures in response to the identified deficiencies.
                                                                        8. Other information
Further details are set out in the ‘Retail technology environment,      The other information comprises the information included in
including IT security’ key audit matter in section 5.6 above.           the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our
                                                                        auditor’s report thereon. The Directors are responsible for the
We obtained management’s assessment of the financial reporting          other information contained within the Annual Report.
risk as a result of the cyber breach that occurred in October 2021,
including obtaining and inspecting the reports prepared by the          Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
independent specialists that management had used to support             other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly
their work to assess the impact of the breach. We involved our IT       stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance
specialists in our consideration of the impact of the cyber breach      conclusion thereon.
on financial reporting and concluded that no further changes to
our planned audit approach were required as a result.                   Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                                                                        doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
7.3 Our consideration of climate-related risks                          inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
As highlighted in management’s TCFD report on page 44 and the           obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to
principal risks on page 34 the Group is exposed to the impacts of       be materially misstated.
climate change on its business and operations. In considering the
scope of our audit procedures we have assessed the risks arising        If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
from climate change, including their impact on the financial            misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives
statements and the extent to which they have been included in           rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements
the Group’s forecast financial information. We have developed           themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we
audit procedures to respond to these risks, in particular as part of    conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
our work in relation to store impairment and long-term viability,       information, we are required to report that fact.
as well as considering climate-related risks throughout our risk
assessments on each financial statement account balance.                We have nothing to report in this regard.
Further details of our work in relation to store impairment are
set out in the ‘Store impairment review’ key audit matter in            9. Responsibilities of Directors
section 5.3 above.                                                      As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities statement,
                                                                        the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial
7.4 Working with other auditors                                         statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
With the restrictions in place as a result of COVID-19, the Group       view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine
audit team was not physically able to visit all the significant         is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
locations set out above. However, the Group audit team mitigated        that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
our inability to visit overseas components due to COVID-19 travel       fraud or error.
restrictions through increased remote communication and remote
review of all in-scope components for 2021/22. These were timed         In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible
to allow the Group audit team to be involved in the planning of their   for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to
audit work and understanding of their risk assessment process           continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters
to identify key areas of estimates and judgement, as well as the        related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
execution of their audit work.                                          accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
                                                                        Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have
                                                                        no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022        113
      Independent auditor’s report to the members of Tesco PLC continued


      10. Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the                    As a result of these procedures, we considered the opportunities
      financial statements                                                   and incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about                identified the greatest potential for fraud in the following areas:
      whether the financial statements as a whole are free from              Tesco Bank loan impairment and recognition of commercial
      material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to           income. In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also
      issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable        required to perform specific procedures to respond to the risk
      assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that     of management override.
      an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect
      a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise        We also obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or    frameworks that the Group operates in, focusing on provisions
      in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence       of those laws and regulations that had a direct effect on the
      the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these            determination of material amounts and disclosures in the
      financial statements.                                                  financial statements. The key laws and regulations we considered
                                                                             in this context included the Group’s ongoing compliance with the
      A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of         GSCOP, UK Companies Act, Listing Rules, pensions legislation and
      the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:           tax legislation.
      www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
      forms part of our auditor’s report.                                    In addition, we considered provisions of other laws and regulations
                                                                             that do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but
                                                                             compliance with which may be fundamental to the Group’s ability
      11. Extent to which the audit was considered capable                   to operate or to avoid a material penalty. These included the
      of detecting irregularities, including fraud                           requirements of the United Kingdom’s PRA, FCA and Solvency II in
      Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance       relation to Tesco Bank, employment law, health and safety and
      with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our       food safety laws and regulations.
      responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements
      in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which     11.2. Audit response to risks identified
      our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including      As a result of performing the above, we identified Tesco Bank loan
      fraud is detailed below.                                               impairment and recognition of commercial income as key audit
                                                                             matters related to the potential risk of fraud. The key audit matters
      11.1 Identifying and assessing potential risks related to              section of our report explains the matters in more detail and also
      irregularities                                                         describes the specific procedures we performed in response to
      In identifying and assessing risks of material misstatement in         those key audit matters.
      respect of irregularities, including fraud and non-compliance
      with laws and regulations, we considered the following:                In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to risks
                                                                             identified included the following:
      – the nature of the industry and sector, control environment and
        business performance including the design of the Group’s             – reviewing the financial statement disclosures and testing to
        remuneration policies, key drivers for Directors’ and                  supporting documentation to assess compliance with provisions
        management’s remuneration, bonus levels and performance                of relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct
        targets;                                                               effect on the financial statements;
      – the Group’s own assessment of the risks that irregularities may      – enquiring of management, the Audit Committee and in-house
        occur either as a result of fraud or error;                            legal counsel concerning actual and potential litigation and
      – results of our enquiries of management, the Group’s Internal           claims;
        Audit function, the Group’s Security function, the Group’s           – performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
        Compliance Officer, the Group’s General Counsel and the                unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of material
        Audit Committee about their own identification and assessment          misstatement due to fraud;
        of the risks of irregularities;                                      – reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance,
      – any matters we identified having obtained and reviewed the             reviewing internal audit reports and reviewing letters received
        Group’s documentation of their policies and procedures                 and correspondence, if any, with HMRC, the FRC and the Irish
        relating to:                                                           Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority (the ‘IAASA’) and
        – identifying, evaluating and complying with laws and regulations      other relevant regulatory bodies; and
           and whether they were aware of any instances of non-              – in addressing the risk of fraud through management override of
           compliance;                                                         controls, testing the appropriateness of journal entries and
        – detecting and responding to the risks of fraud and whether           other adjustments; assessing whether the judgements made in
           they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;      making accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias;
        – the internal controls established to mitigate risks of fraud or      and evaluating the business rationale of any significant
           non-compliance with laws and regulations, including the             transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of
           Group’s controls relating to Group’s ongoing compliance with        business.
           the GSCOP requirements and the requirements of the United
           Kingdom’s Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and Financial     We also communicated relevant identified laws and regulations and
           Conduct Authority (FCA) in relation to Tesco Bank; and            potential fraud risks to all engagement team members including
      – the matters discussed among the audit engagement team                internal specialists and significant component audit teams and
        including significant component audit teams and relevant             remained alert to any indications of fraud or non-compliance
        internal specialists, including IT, tax, valuations and pensions     with laws and regulations throughout the audit.
        actuarial specialists regarding how and where fraud might occur
        in the financial statements and any potential indicators of fraud.




114   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                              Financial statements




Report on other legal and regulatory requirements                    14.2 Directors’ remuneration
12. Opinions on other matters prescribed by the                      Under the Companies Act 2006 we are also required to report if
                                                                     in our opinion certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration have
Companies Act 2006
                                                                     not been made or the part of the Directors’ remuneration report
In our opinion the part of the directors’ remuneration report to
                                                                     to be audited is not in agreement with the accounting records
be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
                                                                     and returns.
Companies Act 2006.
                                                                     We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of
the audit:
                                                                     15. Other matters which we are required to address
– the information given in the Strategic report and the Directors’   15.1. Auditor tenure
  report for the financial year for which the financial statements   Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were
  are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and      appointed by the Group’s shareholders on 25 June 2015 to audit
– the Strategic report and the Directors’ report have been           the financial statements for the year ending 27 February 2016 and
  prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.         subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted
                                                                     engagement including previous renewals and reappointments of
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and     the firm is seven years, covering the years ended 27 February 2016
the Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course      to 26 February 2022.
of the audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in
the Strategic report or the Directors’ report.                       15.2 Consistency of the audit report with the additional
                                                                     report to the Audit Committee
13. Corporate Governance Statement                                   Our audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the
The Listing Rules require us to review the Directors’ statement in   Audit Committee we are required to provide in accordance with
relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of    ISAs (UK).
the Corporate Governance Statement relating to the Group’s
compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance        16. Use of our report
Code specified for our review.                                       This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body,
                                                                     in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have           2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate       to the company’s members those matters we are required to state
Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial     to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the
statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:              fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
                                                                     responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
– the directors’ statement with regards to the appropriateness       company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this
  of adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any          report, or for the opinions we have formed.
  material uncertainties identified set out on page 102;
– the directors’ explanation as to its assessment of the Group’s     In due course, as required by the FCA Disclosure Guidance and
  prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the           Transparency Rule (DTR) 4.1.14R, these financial statements will
  period is appropriate set out on page 38;                          form part of the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)
– the directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable      prepared Annual Financial Report filed on the National Storage
  set out on page 73;                                                Mechanism of the UK FCA in accordance with the ESEF Regulatory
                                                                     Technical Standard (‘ESEF RTS’). This auditor’s report provides
– the Board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust
                                                                     no assurance over whether the annual financial report has been
  assessment of the emerging and principal risks set out
                                                                     prepared using the single electronic format specified in the
  from page 31;
                                                                     ESEF RTS.
– the section of the annual report that describes the review of
  effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems
  set out from page 31; and
– the section describing the work of the Audit Committee set out     John Adam (Senior statutory auditor)
  on page 68.                                                        For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
                                                                     Statutory Auditor
14. Matters on which we are required to report by                    London, United Kingdom
exception
                                                                     12 April 2022
14.1 Adequacy of explanations received and accounting
records
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if,
in our opinion:

– we have not received all the information and explanations we
  require for our audit; or
– adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent
  Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
  received from branches not visited by us; or
– the Parent Company financial statements are not in agreement
  with the accounting records and returns.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.




                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022     115
      Group income statement



                                                                                                                        52 weeks ended                                   52 weeks ended
                                                                                                                       26 February 2022                                 27 February 2021(a)
                                                                                                               Before        Adjusting                          Before        Adjusting
                                                                                                             adjusting          items(b)                      adjusting           items(b)
                                                                                                                items         (Note 4)               Total       items          (Note 4)         Total
                                                                                               Notes               £m              £m                  £m           £m               £m            £m
      Continuing operations
      Revenue                                                                                      2          61,344                  –         61,344         57,887                 –       57,887
      Cost of sales                                                                                          (56,574)              (176)       (56,750)       (53,948)              221       (53,727)
      Impairment reversal/(loss) on financial assets                                               2              39                  –             39           (384)                –          (384)
      Gross profit/(loss)                                                                                      4,809              (176)          4,633          3,555               221         3,776

      Administrative expenses                                                                                  (1,984)              (89)           (2,073)      (1,767)            (462)      (2,229)
      Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                  2,825              (265)            2,560        1,788              (241)       1,547

      Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                         14               15                 –                15          26                 –           26
      Finance income                                                                               5                9                 –                 9          15                 –           15
      Finance costs                                                                                5             (652)              101              (551)       (695)             (257)        (952)
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                  2,197             (164)            2,033        1,134             (498)          636

      Taxation                                                                                     6            (502)               (8)               (510)      (249)              145          (104)
      Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations                                                    1,695              (172)             1,523         885             (353)          532

      Discontinued operations
      Profit/(loss) for the year from discontinued operations                                       7               (2)            (38)               (40)        309              5,117       5,426

      Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                               1,693              (210)            1,483        1,194            4,764         5,958

      Attributable to:
      Owners of the parent                                                                                      1,691              (210)            1,481       1,190            4,764         5,954
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                     2                 –                 2           4                –             4
                                                                                                               1,693              (210)            1,483        1,194            4,764         5,958

      Earnings/(losses) per share from continuing and discontinued
      operations
      Basic                                                                                        9                                               19.34p                                     61.83p
      Diluted                                                                                      9                                                19.12p                                    61.66p

      Earnings/(losses) per share from continuing operations
      Basic                                                                                        9                                               19.86p                                      5.60p
      Diluted                                                                                      9                                               19.64p                                      5.58p
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ have been renamed ‘Adjusting items’. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

      The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




116   Tesco
      116 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                   statements




Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)


                                                                                                                                             52 weeks     52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                 2022         2021*
                                                                                                                                 Notes            £m           £m
Items that will not be reclassified to the Group income statement
Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                           4               –
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension schemes                                                                                  30          4,075            (963)
Net fair value gains/(losses) on inventory cash flow hedges                                                                                        33              (3)
Tax on items that will not be reclassified                                                                                          6            (918)            248
                                                                                                                                               3,194             (718)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to the Group income statement
Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                        (25)              (1)
Currency translation differences:
   Retranslation of net assets of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net of hedging                                           (39)            (68)
   instruments
   Movements in foreign exchange reserve and net investment hedging on subsidiary disposed, reclassified                                          66            (413)
   and reported in the Group income statement
Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges:
   Net fair value gains/(losses)                                                                                                                 44             59
   Reclassified and reported in the Group income statement                                                                                      (45)           (86)
Tax on items that may be reclassified                                                                                               6             (5)           (3)
                                                                                                                                                 (4)          (512)
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                          3,190        (1,230)
Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                                                                  1,483         5,958
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                                4,673         4,728

Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                                                                           4,671        4,724
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                          2            4
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                                4,673         4,728

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent arising from:
Continuing operations                                                                                                                          4,645         (254)
Discontinued operations                                                                                                                           26        4,978
                                                                                                                                               4,671        4,724
* Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                             117         117
      Group balance sheet


                                                                                                                                26 February       27 February       29 February
                                                                                                                                      2022               2021(a)          2020(a)
                                                                                                                       Notes            £m                £m                £m
      Non-current assets
      Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                               10          5,360             5,393             6,078
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                        11       17,060            16,945             19,157
      Right of use assets                                                                                                 12         5,720              5,951            6,874
      Investment property                                                                                                 13             22                 19               26
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                        14             86                178             307
      Other investments(b)                                                                                                16          1,253               763              866
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                         18            159               170               166
      Loans and advances to customers and banks                                                                           19           3,141           3,309              4,171
      Reinsurance assets                                                                                                 23             184                  –                –
      Post-employment benefit surplus                                                                                    30          3,150                   –                –
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   25             942             1,425            1,083
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                  6             85               552              449
                                                                                                                                    37,162           34,705             39,177
      Current assets
      Other investments(b)                                                                                               16            226                178              202
      Inventories                                                                                                         17         2,339            2,069             2,433
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                        18          1,263             1,263             1,396
      Loans and advances to customers and banks                                                                          19          3,349            3,093             4,280
      Reinsurance assets                                                                                                 23             61                  –                –
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   25             69                 37               63
      Current tax assets                                                                                                                93                 41               21
      Short-term investments                                                                                             20          2,076              1,011            1,076
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          20          2,345             2,510             4,137
                                                                                                                                    11,821           10,202            13,608
      Assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                                      7           368               605               285
                                                                                                                                    12,189           10,807            13,893
      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                                                           21           (9,181)         (8,399)            (8,922)
      Borrowings                                                                                                         24            (725)           (1,080)            (2,219)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                  12            (547)              (575)             (598)
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   25              (26)                (81)              (61)
      Customer deposits and deposits from banks                                                                          27          (4,729)            (5,321)          (6,377)
      Insurance contract provisions                                                                                      23            (623)                   –                 –
      Current tax liabilities                                                                                                              (11)             (79)            (324)
      Provisions                                                                                                         28            (283)               (186)             (155)
                                                                                                                                   (16,125)          (15,721)         (18,656)
      Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held for sale                                                        7              (14)            (276)                  –
      Net current liabilities                                                                                                      (3,950)            (5,190)           (4,763)
      Non-current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                                                            21            (53)             (109)                (170)
      Borrowings                                                                                                         24         (6,674)           (6,188)           (6,005)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                   12         (7,411)          (7,827)            (8,968)
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   25            (357)            (926)                (887)
      Customer deposits and deposits from banks                                                                          27         (1,650)            (1,017)            (1,830)
      Insurance contract provisions                                                                                      23              (27)                –                   –
      Post-employment benefit deficit                                                                                    30           (303)           (1,222)           (3,085)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                             6           (910)              (48)                 (40)
      Provisions                                                                                                         28            (183)              (119)               (137)
                                                                                                                                  (17,568)          (17,456)           (21,122)
      Net assets                                                                                                                   15,644            12,059             13,292
      Equity
      Share capital                                                                                                       31          484                490              490
      Share premium                                                                                                                  5,165             5,165             5,165
      Other reserves                                                                                                                3,079              3,183            3,658
      Retained earnings                                                                                                             6,932              3,239            4,001
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                                                                  15,660             12,077           13,314
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                                         (16)              (18)             (22)
      Total equity                                                                                                                 15,644            12,059            13,292
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding changes in presentation of the primary financial statements.

      The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




      Ken Murphy                  Imran Nawaz
      Directors
      The financial statements on pages 116 to 191 were approved and authorised for issue by the Directors on 12 April 2022.


118   Tesco
      118 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                   statements




Group statement of changes in equity


                                                                                                         Other reserves
                                                                                    Capital                                 Own                                           Non-
                                                            Share        Share redemption        Hedging Translation      shares    Merger   Retained                controlling     Total
                                                           capital    premium      reserve       reserve    reserve         held   reserve   earnings       Total     interests     equity
                                                              £m           £m          £m            £m          £m          £m        £m          £m         £m            £m         £m
At 27 February 2021 (restated*)                              490        5,165             16          90         175       (188)   3,090      3,239       12,077            (18)   12,059
Profit/(loss) for the year                                     –            –              –           –           –          –        –       1,481       1,481              2     1,483
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Retranslation of net assets of overseas                          –           –             –            –        (39)         –         –          –          (39)            –       (39)
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates,
net of hedging instruments
Movements in foreign exchange reserve                            –           –             –            –         66          –         –          –          66              –        66
and net investment hedging on subsidiary
disposed, reclassified and reported in the
Group income statement (Note 7)
Change in fair value of financial assets at                      –           –             –            –          –          –         –         (21)        (21)            –        (21)
fair value through other comprehensive
income
Remeasurements of defined benefit                                –           –             –            –          –          –         –      4,075       4,075              –     4,075
pension schemes (Note 30)
Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges                               –           –             –          77           –          –         –          –           77             –        77
Cash flow hedges reclassified and                                –           –             –         (45)          –          –         –          –          (45)            –       (45)
reported in the Group income statement
Tax relating to components of other                              –           –             –         (22)          –          –         –       (901)       (923)             –      (923)
comprehensive income (Note 6)
Total other comprehensive                                        –           –             –          10          27          –         –      3,153       3,190              –     3,190
income/(loss)
Total comprehensive                                              –           –             –          10          27          –         –     4,634        4,671              2     4,673
income/(loss)
Inventory cash flow hedge movements
Gains/(losses) transferred to the cost of                        –           –             –          30           –          –         –          –          30              –        30
inventory
Total inventory cash flow hedge                                  –           –             –          30           –          –         –          –          30               –       30
movements
Transactions with owners
Own shares purchased for cancellation                           (6)          –             6            –          –        (37)        –       (264)        (301)            –       (301)
(Note 31)
Own shares purchased for share schemes                           –           –             –            –          –       (279)        –          –        (279)             –      (279)
(Note 31)
Share–based payments (Note 31)                                 –            –             –            –          –         139        –          12           151            –         151
Dividends (Note 8)                                             –            –             –            –          –           –        –       (704)         (704)            –       (704)
Tax on items credited to equity (Note 6)                       –            –             –            –          –           –        –          15            15            –          15
Total transactions with owners                                (6)           –             6            –          –        (177)       –       (941)       (1,118)            –     (1,118)
At 26 February 2022                                          484        5,165            22          130        202       (365)    3,090      6,932       15,660            (16)   15,644
* Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                             119                              119
      Group statement of changes in equity continued


                                                                                                    Other reserves
                                                                       Capital       Cost of                                   Own                                          Non-
                                               Share        Share redemption         hedging      Hedging Translation        shares    Merger   Retained               controlling     Total
                                              capital    premium      reserve        reserve      reserve    reserve           held   reserve   earnings      Total     interests     equity
                                                 £m           £m          £m             £m           £m          £m            £m        £m          £m        £m            £m         £m
      At 29 February 2020                       490        5,165             16          (15)         154            663     (250)    3,090      4,078      13,391           (22)    13,369
      (as previously reported)
      Cumulative adjustment to                     –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –         (77)      (77)             –       (77)
      opening balances
      At 29 February 2020                       490        5,165             16          (15)         154            663     (250)    3,090      4,001      13,314           (22)    13,292
      (restated*)
      Profit/(loss) for the year                   –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –     5,954      5,954               4    5,958
      (restated*)
      Other comprehensive
      income/(loss)
      Retranslation of net assets                  –             –            –             –            –            (68)       –         –          –        (68)             –       (68)
      of overseas subsidiaries,
      joint ventures and
      associates, net of hedging
      instruments
      Movements in foreign                         –             –            –             –            –           (413)       –         –          –       (413)             –      (413)
      exchange reserve and net
      investment hedging on
      subsidiary disposed,
      reclassified and reported
      in the Group income
      statement
      Change in fair value of                      –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –          (1)        (1)            –         (1)
      financial instruments at
      fair value through other
      comprehensive income
      Remeasurements of                            –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –       (963)      (963)             –      (963)
      defined benefit pension
      schemes (Note 30)
      Gains/(losses) on cash                       –             –            –            17          39               –        –         –          –         56              –        56
      flow hedges
      Cash flow hedges                             –             –            –             –          (86)             –        –         –          –        (86)             –       (86)
      reclassified and reported
      in the Group income
      statement
      Tax relating to                              –             –            –            (2)           11            (7)       –         –        243       245               –      245
      components of other
      comprehensive income
      (Note 6)
      Total other                                  –             –            –            15         (36)           (488)       –         –       (721)    (1,230)             –    (1,230)
      comprehensive
      income/(loss)
      Total comprehensive                          –             –            –            15         (36)           (488)       –         –     5,233      4,724               4     4,728
      income/(loss) (restated*)
      Inventory cash flow
      hedge movements
      Gains/(losses) transferred                   –             –            –             –          (28)             –        –         –          –        (28)             –       (28)
      to the cost of inventory
      Total inventory cash flow                    –             –            –             –         (28)              –        –         –          –        (28)             –       (28)
      hedge movements
      Transactions with owners
      Own shares purchased for                     –             –            –             –            –              –     (246)        –          –       (246)             –      (246)
      share schemes (Note 31)
      Share–based payments                         –             –            –             –            –              –     308          –        (97)       211              –       211
      (Note 31)
      Dividends (Note 8)                           –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –     (5,892)    (5,892)             –    (5,892)
      Tax on items charged to                      –             –            –             –            –              –        –         –         (6)        (6)             –        (6)
      equity (Note 6)
      Total transactions with                      –             –            –             –            –              –       62         –    (5,995)     (5,933)             –    (5,933)
      owners
      At 27 February 2021                       490        5,165             16             –          90             175     (188)   3,090      3,239      12,077            (18)   12,059
      (restated*)
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

      The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




120   Tesco
      120 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                     statements




Group cash flow statement


                                                                                                                                               52 weeks       52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                   2022           2021(a)
                                                                                                                                   Notes            £m             £m
Cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities
Operating profit/(loss) of continuing operations                                                                                                2,560           1,547
Operating profit/(loss) of discontinued operations                                                                                                  (51)        5,482
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                                     1,718          1,764
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets, assets                                     (123)           (23)
classified as held for sale and early termination of leases
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of joint ventures and associates                                                                                      (25)             –
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of subsidiaries                                                                             7                          23         (5,197)
Transaction costs associated with sale of subsidiaries                                                                                                 –             6
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property, plant and equipment, right of use assets, intangible assets and              15                          115           (89)
investment property
Impairment of goodwill                                                                                                   15                            –            295
Net remeasurement (gain)/loss of non-current assets held for sale                                                                                      3              (5)
Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions charge                                                                                                     7              14
Other defined benefit pension scheme payments                                                                           30                           (19)       (2,851)
Share-based payments                                                                                                    29                           66              30
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in operating profit/(loss)                                                                                 (28)            367
   Retail (increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                                                       (281)            (52)
   Retail (increase)/decrease in development stock                                                                                                     –               2
   Retail (increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                                          27             63
   Retail increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                                                           743             329
   Retail increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                                                         (65)             56
Retail (increase)/decrease in working capital                                                                                                      424              398
   Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in loans and advances to customers and banks                                                                      (95)         1,686
   Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in trade, reinsurance and other receivables                                                                          8             62
   Tesco Bank increase/(decrease) in customer and bank deposits, trade, insurance and other payables                                                  47        (1,902)
   Tesco Bank increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                                                     (22)               2
Tesco Bank (increase)/decrease in working capital                                                                                                   (62)          (152)
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                                                                        4,608            1,586
Interest paid                                                                                                                                     (650)            (729)
Corporation tax paid                                                                                                                               (201)          (255)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                                                           3,757             602
Cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets and assets classified as held                          309             237
for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                                                                  (949)         (1,171)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                                                      (229)         (206)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                                            7                           161       7,093
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                                       34                           (48)            15
Proceeds from sale of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                    15             –
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                                                     (4)           (2)
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                                                           (11)          (11)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term investments                                                                                (1,067)            62
Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                                                                                          274            201
Purchase of other investments(b)                                                                                                                    (221)          (85)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                                                                 32            26
Interest received                                                                                                                                       3            12
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                                                                          (1,735)          6,171
Cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities
Own shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                    31                       (278)               –
Own shares purchased for share schemes                                                                                  29                         (144)            (66)
Repayment of capital element of obligations under leases                                                                                          (577)            (621)
Increase in borrowings                                                                                                                             394           1,098
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                           (775)          (1,814)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                                                                               798          1,696
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                                                                             (921)        (2,276)
Dividends paid to equity owners                                                                                           8                        (731)       (5,858)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                                                                         (2,234)          (7,841)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              (212)        (1,068)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                                            1,971          3,031
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                               12              8
Cash and cash equivalents including cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups at the end of the year                                           1,771            1,971
Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                                               7                            –              7
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                        20                       1,771           1,978
(a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
(b) Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the presentation of primary financial statements.

The notes on pages 122 to 191 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                               TescoReport
                                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                           and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                       2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                               121          121
      Notes to the Group financial statements



      Note 1 Accounting policies, judgements and estimates                       modification of a lease to include a purchase option, followed by
                                                                                 the immediate exercise of that purchase option. Applying lease
      General information                                                        modification accounting to property buybacks results in the lease
      Tesco PLC (the Company) is a public limited company incorporated           liability being settled and the right of use asset forming part of the
      and domiciled in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006            cost of the property, plant and equipment acquired, and no gain or
      (Registration number 445790). The address of the registered office is      loss being recognised in the income statement from the property
      Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City, AL7 1GA, UK.     buyback. Previously, they were treated as an immediate lease
                                                                                 termination followed by a property purchase. As a result of the
      The main activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
                                                                                 change in accounting policy, there is no longer an immediate
      Group) are those of retailing and retail banking and insurance services.
                                                                                 income statement impact of such transactions, and the cost of the
      Basis of preparation                                                       property, plant and equipment acquired is reduced accordingly.
      The consolidated Group financial statements have been prepared in          Property buybacks inside a corporate wrapper (such as a special
      accordance with UK-adopted IFRS. The consolidated Group financial          purpose vehicle or joint venture structure) that do not meet the
      statements are presented in Pounds Sterling, generally rounded to          definition of a business combination continue to be treated as
      the nearest million. They are prepared on the historical cost basis,       asset acquisitions. The Group has changed its policy for such asset
      except for certain financial instruments, share-based payments and         acquisitions to include in the cost of the asset acquisition the carrying
      pension assets that have been measured at fair value.                      values of pre-existing lease contracts and previously held interests,
      The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial                 and no gain or loss is recognised in the income statement from the
      statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the              property buyback. Previously, pre-existing equity interests were
      Group have adequate resources to continue in operational existence         remeasured to fair value by analogy to IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’
      for the foreseeable future, which reflects a period of 18 months from      and surrendered as part of the cost of acquiring the underlying
      the date of approval of the financial statements, and have concluded       property and pre-existing lease contracts were treated as terminated,
      that there are no material uncertainties relating to going concern.        with any resulting gain or loss recognised in the income statement.
      Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting          This change in accounting policy for property buybacks inside a
      in preparing the financial statements. The scenarios considered as         corporate wrapper means that the same accounting treatment is
      part of the going concern assessment are consistent with those             applied for all buybacks, consistent with the economics of such
      used in the Longer-term viability statement. Further information           transactions being similar. The Group therefore believes that this
      on the Group’s strong liquidity position is given in the Group review      approach is reliable and more relevant.
      of performance, Summary of total indebtedness section, and                 The impact on the 29 February 2020 balance sheet is to decrease
      information on committed facilities is provided in Note 26.                property, plant and equipment by £77m, and decrease both net
      Unless otherwise stated, the accounting policies set out below             assets and retained earnings by £77m. The impact on the 27 February
      have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these           2021 balance sheet is to decrease property, plant and equipment by
      consolidated financial statements.                                         £266m, and decrease both net assets and retained earnings by
                                                                                 £266m. In the comparative period income statement, cost of sales
      The Group early-adopted ‘interest rate benchmark reform’                   increases and gross profit/(loss), operating profit/(loss), profit
      phase 2 amendments in the prior year. The Group has elected not            before tax, profit for the year from continuing operations and
      to apply the exemption granted in the ‘COVID-19-related rent               profit for the year all decrease by £189m, of which £162m relates
      concessions beyond 30 June 2021’ amendment to IFRS 16, ‘Leases’,           to adjusting items. Basic and diluted EPS decrease by 1.96 pence.
      as the Group has not received material COVID-19-related rent               There is no impact on operating, investing or financing cash flows,
      concessions as a lessee.                                                   Net debt or Total indebtedness.
      Other standards, interpretations and amendments effective in the           Primary financial statements presentation
      current financial year have not had a material impact on the Group         ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ within
      financial statements.                                                      operating profit, along with net pension finance costs, fair value
      The Group has not applied any other standards, interpretations             remeasurements of financial instruments, and the tax impact of
      or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective.             such items (below operating profit), are now called ‘Adjusting items’,
      The impact of the following is still under assessment:                     and are presented on the face of the income statement in the
                                                                                 ‘Adjusting items’ column. The policy for determining adjusting items,
      – IFRS 17 ‘Insurance contracts’, which will become effective in
                                                                                 and the items adjusted for, are unchanged from the prior year
        the Group financial statements for the financial year ending
                                                                                 hence there is no impact on previously reported alternative
        24 February 2024, subject to UK endorsement. IFRS 17 is expected
                                                                                 performance measures from this change in presentation.
        to have an impact on the Group’s subsidiary, Tesco Underwriting
                                                                                 Further detail on adjusting items is given in the ‘Critical
        Limited (TU), which provides the insurance underwriting service
                                                                                 accounting judgements’ section of this note.
        for a number of the Group’s general insurance products. An IFRS
        17 project team has been established and work is well progressed         ‘Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income’
        on the design and build of reporting systems and processes for           and ‘Investment securities at amortised cost’ are now reported in
        reporting under IFRS 17. It is expected that the simplified premium      ‘Other investments’ on the balance sheet, with further detail given
        allocation approach will be applied to all material insurance and        in Note 16.
        reinsurance contract groups. During the next financial year,             On 4 May 2021, the Group acquired control over Tesco Underwriting
        parallel reporting for the comparative period will be established.       Limited (TU), an insurance business which was previously a joint
        Until the impact assessment is complete, it is not practical to          venture. The following new line items are added to the balance
        provide an estimate of the financial impact of adopting IFRS 17.         sheet: ‘Reinsurance assets’ and ‘Insurance contract provisions’.
      Other standards, interpretations and amendments issued but not             In the income statement, gross insurance income is reported within
      yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on the            ‘Revenue’ and insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers and
      Group financial statements.                                                net insurance claims are reported within ‘Cost of sales’. Further
                                                                                 detail is given in Note 23.
      Change in accounting policy
      The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks          Cash inflows and outflows on other investments and derivative
      in light of an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the           financial instruments previously presented on a net basis in the
      application of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such transactions. Property             Group cash flow statement have been reassessed and are now
      buybacks outside a corporate wrapper are now viewed as the                 reported separately, including for prior periods.


122   Tesco
      122 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                  statements




Comparative net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of other                 their relative standalone selling prices, with the Clubcard points
investments of £116m are presented on a gross basis as proceeds              standalone price based on the value of the points to the customer,
from sale of other investments of £201m and purchase of other                adjusted for expected redemption rates (breakage). The amount
investments of £(85)m. Comparative net cash flows from derivative            allocated to Clubcard points is deferred as a contract liability within
financial instruments of £(580)m are presented on a gross basis as           trade and other payables. Revenue is recognised as the points are
cash inflows from derivative financial instruments of £1,696m and            redeemed by the customer.
cash outflows from derivative financial instruments of £(2,276)m.
                                                                             Financial services
There is no impact on net cash generated from operating,
                                                                             Revenue consists of interest, fees and income from the provision of
investing, or financing activities, and no impact on Net debt or
                                                                             retail banking and insurance.
Total indebtedness.
                                                                             Interest income on financial assets that are measured at amortised
Basis of consolidation                                                       cost is determined using the effective interest rate method.
The consolidated Group financial statements consist of the financial         Calculation of the effective interest rate takes into account fees
statements of the ultimate Parent Company (Tesco PLC), all entities          receivable that are an integral part of the instrument’s yield,
controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries) and the Group’s share           premiums or discounts on acquisition or issue, early redemption
of its interests in joint ventures and associates.                           fees and transaction costs. Interest income is calculated on the
The financial year represents the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022            gross carrying amount of a financial asset unless the financial asset
(prior financial year 52 weeks ended 27 February 2021). For the UK           is impaired, in which case interest income is calculated on the
and the Republic of Ireland (UK & ROI), the results are for the 52           amortised cost, after allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs).
weeks ended 26 February 2022 (prior financial year 52 weeks ended            The majority of the fees in respect of services (credit card
27 February 2021). For all other operations, the results are for the         interchange fees, late payment and ATM revenue) are recognised at
calendar year ended 28 February 2022 (prior calendar year ended              the point in time at which the transaction with the customer takes
28 February 2021).                                                           place and the service is performed. For services performed over
Subsidiaries                                                                 time, payment is generally due monthly in line with the satisfaction
Subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group’s financial statements from       of performance obligations.
the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.          Refer to the ‘Insurance’ section below for insurance revenue.
Intragroup balances and any unrealised gains and losses or income
                                                                             Commercial income
and expenses arising from intragroup transactions are eliminated in
                                                                             Consistent with standard industry practice, the Group has
preparing the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                             agreements with suppliers whereby volume-related allowances,
Joint ventures and associates                                                promotional and marketing allowances and various other fees
The Group’s share of the results of joint ventures and associates is         and discounts are received in connection with the purchase of goods
included in the Group income statement and Group statement of                for resale from those suppliers. Most of the income received from
comprehensive income/(loss) using the equity method of accounting.           suppliers relates to adjustments to a core cost price of a product,
Investments in joint ventures and associates are carried in the Group        and as such is considered part of the purchase price for that
balance sheet at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Group’s           product. Sometimes receipt of the income is conditional on
share of the net assets of the entity, less any impairment in value.         the Group performing specified actions or satisfying certain
The carrying values of investments in joint ventures and associates          performance conditions associated with the purchase of the
include acquired goodwill. If the Group’s share of losses in a joint         product. These include achieving agreed purchases or sales volume
venture or associate equals or exceeds its investment in the joint           targets and providing promotional or marketing materials and
venture or associate, the Group does not recognise further losses,           activities or promotional product positioning. While there is no
unless it has incurred obligations to do so or made payments on              standard industry definition, these amounts receivable from
behalf of the joint venture or associate. Dividends received from            suppliers in connection with the purchase of goods for resale are
joint ventures or associates with nil carrying value are recognised in       generally termed commercial income.
the Group income statement as part of the Group’s share of post-
                                                                             Commercial income is recognised when earned by the Group, which
tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates.
                                                                             occurs when all obligations conditional for earning income have been
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with joint ventures and           discharged, and the income can be measured reliably based on the
associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest              terms of the contract. The income is recognised as a credit within
in the entity.                                                               cost of sales. Where the income earned relates to inventories which
                                                                             are held by the Group at the reporting date, the income is included
Revenue                                                                      within the cost of those inventories, and recognised in cost of sales
Revenue is income arising from the sale of goods and services in the         upon sale of those inventories.
ordinary course of the Group’s activities, net of value added taxes.
Revenue is recognised when performance obligations are satisfied             Amounts due relating to commercial income are recognised within
and control has transferred to the customer. For the majority of             trade and other receivables, except in cases where the Group
revenue streams, there is a low level of judgement applied in                currently has a legally enforceable right of set-off and intends to
determining the transaction price or the timing of transfer of control.      offset amounts due from suppliers against amounts owed to those
                                                                             suppliers, in which case only the net amount receivable or payable
Sale of goods                                                                is recognised. Accrued commercial income is recognised within
The sale of goods represents the vast majority of the Group’s                accrued income when commercial income earned has not been
revenue. For goods sold in store, revenue is recognised at the point         invoiced at the reporting date.
of sale. For online or wholesale sales of goods, revenue is recognised
on collection by, or delivery to, the customer. Revenue is reduced by        Finance income
a provision for expected returns (refund liability). An asset and            Finance income, excluding income arising from financial services,
corresponding adjustment to cost of sales is recognised for the              is recognised in the period to which it relates using the effective
Group’s right to recover goods from customers.                               interest rate method.
Clubcard (customer loyalty programme)
Clubcard points issued by Tesco when a customer purchases goods
are a separate performance obligation providing a material right to a
future discount. The total transaction price (sales price of goods) is
allocated to the Clubcard points and the goods sold based on

                                                                                      TescoReport
                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                  and Report andStatements
                                                                                                       Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              2022 2022
                                                                                                                                      123              123
      Notes to the Group financial statements



      Note 1 Accounting policies, judgements and estimates                            Property, plant and equipment
      continued                                                                       Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated
                                                                                      depreciation and any recognised impairment in value. Property, plant
      Finance costs                                                                   and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis to its residual
      Borrowing costs are recognised in the Group income statement in                 value over its anticipated useful economic life:
      finance costs, excluding those arising from financial services, in the
                                                                                      – freehold buildings – 10 to 40 years; and
      period in which they occur. For Tesco Bank, finance cost on financial
                                                                                      – fixtures and fittings, office equipment and motor vehicles – three
      liabilities is determined using the effective interest rate method and
                                                                                        to 20 years.
      is recognised in cost of sales.
      Business combinations and goodwill                                              Impairment of non-financial assets
      The Group accounts for all business combinations by applying the                Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually by assessing the
      acquisition method. All acquisition-related costs are expensed.                 recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit, or group of cash-
                                                                                      generating units, to which the goodwill relates. For all other non-
      On acquisition, the assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and       financial assets (including other intangible assets, property, plant and
      contingent liabilities of an acquired entity are measured at their fair         equipment, right of use assets and investment property) the Group
      values. Non-controlling interests are stated at the non-controlling             performs impairment testing where there are indicators of
      interests’ proportion of the fair values of the assets and liabilities          impairment. Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are
      recognised.                                                                     independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable
      Goodwill arising on consolidation represents the excess of the                  amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
      consideration transferred over the net fair value of the Group’s                The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of
      share of the net assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the          disposal, and value in use. When the recoverable amount is less
      acquired subsidiary, joint venture or associate and the fair value of           than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised
      the non-controlling interest in the acquiree. If the consideration is           immediately in the Group income statement.
      less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the net assets,
      liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired entity (i.e. a bargain   Goodwill impairments are not subsequently reversed. Where an
      purchase), the difference is credited to the Group income statement             impairment loss on other non-financial assets subsequently
      in the period of acquisition.                                                   reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
                                                                                      is increased to the revised estimate of the recoverable amount, but
      At the acquisition date of a subsidiary, goodwill acquired is                   so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
      recognised as an asset and is allocated to each of the cash-                    amount that would have been determined if no impairment loss had
      generating units or groups of cash-generating units expected to                 been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior
      benefit from the business combination’s synergies and to the lowest             years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately
      level at which management monitors the goodwill. Goodwill arising               as a credit to the Group income statement.
      on the acquisition of joint ventures and associates is included within
      the carrying value of the investment. On disposal of a subsidiary,              Investment property
      joint venture or associate, the attributable amount of goodwill is              Investment property assets are carried at cost less accumulated
      included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.                depreciation and any recognised impairment in value. The
                                                                                      depreciation policies for investment property are consistent with
      Where the Group obtains control of a joint venture or associate,
                                                                                      those described for property, plant and equipment.
      the Group’s previously held interests in the acquired entity is
      remeasured to its acquisition date fair value and the resulting gain            Inventories
      or loss, if any, is recognised in the Group income statement.                   Inventories comprise goods and development properties held for
                                                                                      resale. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable
      Cloud software licence agreements
                                                                                      value using the weighted average cost basis. Directly attributable
      Licence agreements to use cloud software are treated as service
                                                                                      costs and incomes (including applicable commercial income) are
      contracts and expensed in the Group income statement, unless
                                                                                      included in the cost of inventories.
      the Group has both a contractual right to take possession of the
      software at any time without significant penalty, and the ability to run        Cash and cash equivalents
      the software independently of the host vendor. In such cases the                Cash and cash equivalents in the Group balance sheet consist of
      licence agreement is capitalised as software within intangible assets.          cash at bank and on hand, credit and debit card receivables, demand
      Costs to configure or customise a cloud software licence are                    deposits with banks and short-term highly liquid investments with an
      expensed alongside the related service contract in the Group                    original maturity of three months or less, for example short-term
      income statement, unless they create a separately identifiable                  deposits, loans and advances to banks and certificates of deposits.
      resource controlled by the Group, in which case they are capitalised.           Cash and cash equivalents in the Group cash flow statement also
                                                                                      include overdrafts repayable on demand as they form an integral
      Intangible assets                                                               part of the Group’s cash management.
      Intangible assets, such as software, acquired customer relationships
      and pharmacy licences, are measured initially at acquisition cost               Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
      or costs incurred to develop the asset. Intangible assets acquired              Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as assets held
      in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the                   for sale when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally
      acquisition date.                                                               through a sale transaction and a sale is considered highly probable.
                                                                                      They are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less
      Following initial recognition, intangible assets with finite useful lives
                                                                                      costs to sell.
      are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated
      impairment losses. They are amortised on a straight-line basis over             The net results of discontinued operations are presented separately
      their estimated useful lives of three to 10 years for software and up           in the Group income statement (and the comparatives restated).
      to 10 years for customer relationships.
                                                                                      Leases
      Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure                The Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains a lease at
      incurred on an individual project is capitalised only if specific               inception of the contract. A lease conveys the right to direct the use
      criteria are met.                                                               and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of an identified
                                                                                      asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.



124   Tesco
      124 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                                                                                                                                        statements




The Group as a lessee                                                            carrying values of pre-existing lease contracts and any previously
A right of use asset and corresponding lease liability are recognised            held interests. No gain or loss is recognised in the income statement
at commencement of the lease.                                                    from the property buyback.
The lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease                Post-employment obligations
payments, discounted at the rate implicit in the lease, or if that               For defined benefit plans, obligations are measured at discounted
cannot be readily determined, at the lessee’s incremental borrowing              present value (using the projected unit credit method) and plan
rate specific to the term, country, currency and start date of the               assets are recorded at fair value.
lease. Lease payments include: fixed payments; variable lease
payments dependent on an index or rate, initially measured using the             The operating and financing costs of such plans are recognised
index or rate at commencement; the exercise price under a                        separately in the Group income statement; service costs are spread
purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise;                  systematically over the expected service lives of employees and
penalties for early termination if the lease term reflects the Group             financing costs are recognised in the periods in which they arise.
exercising a break option; and payments in an optional renewal                   Actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately in the Group
period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension               statement of comprehensive income/(loss).
option or not exercise a break option.                                           Payments to defined contribution schemes are recognised as an
The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using             expense as they fall due.
the effective interest rate method. It is remeasured, with a
                                                                                 Share-based payments
corresponding adjustment to the right of use asset, when there is a
                                                                                 The fair value of employee share option plans, which are equity-
change in future lease payments resulting from a rent review, change
                                                                                 settled, is calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes or
in an index or rate such as inflation, or change in the Group’s
                                                                                 Monte Carlo model. The resulting cost is charged to the Group
assessment of whether it is reasonably certain to exercise a
                                                                                 income statement over the vesting period. The value of the charge
purchase, extension or break option.
                                                                                 is adjusted to reflect expected and actual levels of vesting.
The right of use asset is initially measured at cost, comprising: the
initial lease liability; any lease payments already made less any lease          Taxation
incentives received; initial direct costs; and any dilapidation or               The tax expense included in the Group income statement consists
restoration costs. The right of use asset is subsequently depreciated            of current and deferred tax.
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the               Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
useful life of the underlying asset. The right of use asset is tested for        the financial year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
impairment if there are any indicators of impairment.                            by the balance sheet date. Tax expense is recognised in the Group
Leases of low value assets (value when new less than £5,000) and                 income statement except to the extent that it relates to items
short-term leases of 12 months or less are expensed to the Group                 recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)
income statement, as are variable payments dependent on                          or directly in the Group statement of changes in equity, in which
performance or usage, ‘out of contract’ payments and non-lease                   case it is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive
service components.                                                              income/(loss) or directly in the Group statement of changes in
                                                                                 equity, respectively.
The Group as a lessor
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the                Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method,
lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to           providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases. Where           of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sublease classification is              amounts used for taxation purposes.
assessed with reference to the head lease right of use asset.                    Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recorded as                    in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised based
receivables at the amount of the Group’s net investment in the                   on the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
lease. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as             the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the
to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net                 Group income statement, except when it relates to items charged or
investment in the lease. Rental income from operating leases is                  credited directly to the Group statement of changes in equity or the
recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.                  Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss), in which case the
Sale and leaseback                                                               deferred tax is also recognised in equity, or other comprehensive
A sale and leaseback transaction is where the Group sells an asset               income, respectively.
and immediately reacquires the use of the asset by entering into a               Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
lease with the buyer. A sale occurs when control of the underlying               that taxable profits will be available against which deductible
asset passes to the buyer. A lease liability is recognised, the                  temporary differences can be utilised.
associated property, plant and equipment asset is derecognised, and
a right of use asset is recognised at the proportion of the carrying             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
value relating to the right retained. Any gain or loss arising relates to        balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
the rights transferred to the buyer.                                             probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
                                                                                 part of the assets to be recovered.
Property buybacks
A property buyback is when a property that is currently leased is                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset against each other when
bought back from the landlord. Property buybacks that are a direct               there is a legally enforceable right to set off current taxation assets
purchase of the underlying asset, outside a corporate wrapper,                   against current taxation liabilities and it is the intention to settle
are viewed as the modification of the lease to include a purchase                these on a net basis.
option, followed by the immediate exercise of that purchase option.              Tax provisions are recognised for uncertain tax positions where a
The lease liability is settled and the right of use asset forms part of the      risk of an additional tax liability has been identified and it is probable
cost of the property, plant and equipment acquired, and no gain or               that the Group will be required to settle that tax. Measurement is
loss is recognised in the income statement from the property buyback.            dependent on management’s expectation of the outcome of
Property buybacks inside a corporate wrapper (such as a special                  decisions by tax authorities in the various tax jurisdictions in which
purpose vehicle or joint venture structure) that do not meet the                 the Group operates. This is assessed on a case-by-case basis using
definition of a business combination are asset acquisitions. The cost            in-house tax experts, professional firms and previous experience.
of the asset acquisition includes the cash consideration paid and the            Refer to Note 6.


                                                                                          TescoReport
                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                      and Report andStatements
                                                                                                           Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  2022 2022
                                                                                                                                          125                 125
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 1 Accounting policies, judgements and estimates                             Loans and advances to customers and banks
      continued                                                                        Loans and advances are initially recognised at fair value plus directly
      Foreign currencies                                                               related transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, these
      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Pounds                    assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest
      Sterling, which is the ultimate Parent Company’s functional currency.            method less any allowance for ECLs.

      Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional              Impairment of financial assets
      currency at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.                    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECLs associated
                                                                                       with its financial assets carried at amortised cost and fair value
      At each balance sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that are             through other comprehensive income. The ECLs are updated at
      denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated to the functional             each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk.
      currency at the rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange
      differences are recognised in the Group income statement in the                  The three-stage model for impairment has been applied to loans and
      period in which they arise, apart from exchange differences on                   advances to customers, investment securities at amortised cost,
      transactions entered into to hedge certain foreign currency risks,               debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income,
      and exchange differences on monetary items forming part of the                   short-term investments and loan receivables from joint ventures and
      net investment in a foreign operation.                                           associates. The credit risk is determined through modelling a range
                                                                                       of possible outcomes for different loss scenarios, using reasonable
      The assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are                 and supportable information about past events, current conditions
      translated into Pounds Sterling at exchange rates prevailing at the              and forecasts of future events and economic conditions and taking
      balance sheet date. Profits and losses are translated at average                 into account the time value of money. A 12-month ECL is recognised,
      exchange rates for the relevant accounting periods. Exchange                     unless the credit risk on the financial asset increases significantly
      differences arising are recognised in the Group statement of                     after initial recognition, when the lifetime ECL is recognised.
      comprehensive income/(loss) and are included in the Group’s
      translation reserve. Such translation differences are recognised                 For trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables, the
      as income or expenses in the period in which the operation is                    Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9 ‘Financial
      disposed of.                                                                     instruments’, with lifetime ECLs recognised from initial recognition of
                                                                                       the receivable. These assets are grouped, based on shared credit
      Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a              risk characteristics and days past due, with ECLs for each grouping
      foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity       determined based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
      and translated at the closing rate.                                              adjusted for factors specific to each receivable, general economic
                                                                                       conditions and expected changes in forecast conditions.
      Financial instruments
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group           No ECL is recognised for loans and advances to banks due to the
      balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual                  short-term nature of these balances, the frequency of origination
      provisions of the instrument. Financial assets are classified as either          and settlement of balances and taking account of collateral held.
      fair value through profit or loss, fair value through other
                                                                                       Interest-bearing borrowings
      comprehensive income, or amortised cost. Classification and
                                                                                       Interest-bearing bank loans and overdrafts are initially recorded at
      subsequent remeasurement depends on the Group’s business
                                                                                       fair value, net of attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
      model for managing the financial asset and its cash flow
                                                                                       recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised
      characteristics. Financial assets that are held for collection of
                                                                                       cost with any difference between proceeds and redemption value
      contractual cash flows, where those cash flows represent solely
                                                                                       being recognised in the Group income statement over the period
      payments of principal and interest, are measured at amortised
                                                                                       of the borrowings on an effective interest basis.
      cost, and all other financial assets are measured at fair value.
                                                                                       Trade payables
      Trade receivables
                                                                                       Trade payables are non interest-bearing and are recognised initially
      Trade receivables are non interest-bearing and are recognised
                                                                                       at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
      initially at fair value, or at transaction price if there is not a significant
                                                                                       the effective interest method.
      financing component. They are subsequently held at amortised cost
      using the effective interest rate method, less allowance for ECLs.               Equity instruments
                                                                                       Equity instruments issued by the Group are recorded at the
      Investments
                                                                                       proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
      Investment securities at amortised cost are measured at amortised
      cost, using the effective interest rate method less allowance for ECLs.          Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                                                                                       The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its
      Gains and losses on investments in debt instruments held at fair
                                                                                       exposure to foreign exchange, inflation, interest rate and commodity
      value through other comprehensive income are recognised
                                                                                       risks arising from operating, financing and investing activities.
      directly in other comprehensive income, except for impairment
                                                                                       The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments
      gains and losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                                                                                       for trading purposes.
      losses, which are recognised in the Group income statement.
      When the debt instrument is derecognised, cumulative amounts                     Derivative financial instruments are recognised and stated at fair
      in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the Group                      value. Where derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, any
      income statement.                                                                gains or losses on remeasurement are immediately recognised in
                                                                                       the Group income statement. Where derivatives qualify for hedge
      Equity investments have been irrevocably designated at fair value
                                                                                       accounting, recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on
      through other comprehensive income. Gains and losses arising from
                                                                                       the nature of the hedge relationship and the item being hedged.
      changes in fair value are recognised directly in other comprehensive
      income, and are not subsequently reclassified to the Group income                At inception of designated hedging relationships, the Group
      statement, including on derecognition. Impairment losses are not                 documents the risk management objective and strategy for
      recognised separately from other changes in fair value. Dividends are            undertaking the hedge, the nature of the risks being hedged and
      recognised in the Group income statement when the Group’s right                  the economic relationship between the item being hedged and the
      to receive payment is established.                                               hedging instrument, including whether the change in cash flows of
                                                                                       the hedged item and hedging instrument are expected to offset
      Investments held at fair value through profit or loss are measured
                                                                                       each other.
      at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in the Group
      income statement.


126   Tesco
      126 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                                                                                 statements




As permitted under IFRS 9, the Group has elected to continue to             Provisions
apply the existing hedge accounting requirements of IAS 39 ‘Financial       Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures
instruments: Recognition and measurement’ for its portfolio hedge           expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax
accounting until a new macro hedge accounting standard is                   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
implemented.                                                                value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase
                                                                            in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest
Derivative financial instruments with maturity dates of more than
                                                                            expense. Provisions for onerous contracts are recognised when the
one year from the reporting date are disclosed as non-current.
                                                                            Group believes that the unavoidable costs of meeting or exiting the
Fair value hedging                                                          contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received
Derivative financial instruments are classified as fair value hedges        under the contract.
when they hedge the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value
of a recognised asset or liability. Changes in the fair value of            Supplier financing arrangements
derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are recognised         Suppliers can choose to access supplier financing arrangements
in the Group income statement within finance income or costs,               provided by different third-party banks in different countries.
together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that         Commercial requirements, including payment terms or the price
is attributable to the hedged risk.                                         paid for goods, do not depend on whether a supplier chooses to
                                                                            access such arrangements. The arrangements support our suppliers
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the
                                                                            by giving them the option to access funding early, often at a lower
adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item is amortised to
                                                                            cost than they could obtain themselves.
the Group income statement over the remaining period to maturity.
                                                                            Under the arrangements, suppliers may choose to access payment
Cash flow hedging
                                                                            early rather than on our normal payment terms, at a funding cost to
Derivative financial instruments are classified as cash flow hedges
                                                                            the supplier that is set by the provider banks but based on Tesco’s
when they hedge the Group’s exposure to variability in cash flows
                                                                            credit risk and the appropriate country risk premium. If suppliers
that are either attributable to a particular risk associated with a
                                                                            choose not to access early payment, the provider banks pay the
recognised asset or liability, or a highly probable forecasted
                                                                            suppliers on our normal payment terms. The Group pays the
transaction. The effective element of any gain or loss from
                                                                            provider banks on our normal payment terms, regardless of
remeasuring the derivative designated as the hedging instrument
                                                                            whether the supplier has chosen to access funding early.
is recognised directly in other comprehensive income and
accumulated in the hedging reserve. Any cost of hedging, such as            Management reviews supplier financing arrangements to determine
the change in fair value related to forward points and currency basis       the appropriate presentation of balances outstanding as trade
adjustment is separately accumulated in the cost of hedging reserve.        payables or borrowings, dependent on the nature of each
The ineffective element is recognised immediately in the Group              arrangement. Factors considered in determining the appropriate
income statement within finance income or costs.                            presentation include the commercial rationale for the arrangement,
                                                                            impact on the Group’s working capital positions, credit enhancements
Where the hedged item subsequently results in the recognition of a
                                                                            or other benefits provided to the bank and recourse exposures.
non-financial asset such as inventory, the amounts accumulated in
the hedging reserve and cost of hedging reserve are included in the         Balances outstanding under current supplier financing arrangements
initial cost of the asset. For all other cash flow hedges, the amounts      are classified as trade payables, and cash flows are included in
accumulated in the hedging reserve and cost of hedging reserve are          operating cash flows, since the financing arrangements are agreed
recognised in the Group income statement when the hedged item               between the supplier and the banks, and the Group does not provide
or transaction affects the Group income statement.                          additional credit enhancement nor obtain any working capital benefit
                                                                            from the arrangements. Refer to Note 21.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument
expires or is sold, terminated or exercised or no longer meets the          Insurance
Group’s risk management objective. The cumulative gain or loss in           Prior to the acquisition of TU on 4 May 2021, the Group generated
the hedging reserve and cost of hedging reserve remains until the           commission from the sale and service of motor and home insurance
forecast transaction occurs or the original hedged item affects the         policies underwritten by TU. Following the acquisition, these
Group income statement. If a forecast hedged transaction is no              amounts represent intercompany transactions which are fully
longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss in the hedging        eliminated in the Group income statement. The Group also
reserve and cost of hedging reserve is reclassified to the Group            generated commission from the sale and service of motor and home
income statement.                                                           insurance policies underwritten by a third-party underwriter until
Net investment hedging                                                      August 2021 when the Group brought in-house the writing of home
Financial instruments are classified as net investment hedges when          and motor insurance policies which were previously underwritten
they hedge the Group’s net investment in an overseas operation.             through its broker panel. Commission was based on commission
The effective element of any foreign exchange gain or loss from             rates which were independent of the profitability of underlying
remeasuring the instrument is recognised directly in other                  insurance policies. Similar commission income is also generated from
comprehensive income and accumulated in the translation reserve             the sale of white label insurance products underwritten by other
in equity. Any ineffective element is recognised immediately in the         third-party providers. This commission income is recognised on a
Group income statement. Gains and losses accumulated in the                 net basis as such policies are sold.
translation reserve are reclassified to the Group income statement          In the case of some commission income on insurance policies
when the foreign operation is disposed of.                                  managed and underwritten by a third party, the Group recognises
Offsetting financial instruments                                            commission income from policy renewals as such policies are sold.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount              This is when the Group has satisfied all of its performance obligations
reported in the Group balance sheet when there is a current legally         in relation to the policy sold and it is considered highly probable that
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an          a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognised will not
intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the      occur in future periods. This calculation takes into account both
liability simultaneously.                                                   estimates of future renewal volumes and renewal commission rates.
                                                                            A contract asset is recognised in relation to this revenue. This is
                                                                            unwound over the remainder of the contract with the customer,
                                                                            in this case being the third-party insurance provider.




                                                                                     TescoReport
                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                 and Report andStatements
                                                                                                      Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             2022 2022
                                                                                                                                     127               127
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 1 Accounting policies, judgements and estimates                        trends. Reinsurance and other recoveries are assessed in a manner
      continued                                                                   similar to the claims outstanding and presented separately as assets.
      The end policyholders have the right to cancel an insurance policy at       Unearned premium and unexpired risk provision
      any time. Therefore, a contract liability is recognised for the amount      The provision for unearned premiums comprises the proportion
      of any expected refunds due and the revenue recognised in relation          of gross premiums written which is estimated to be earned in the
      to these sales is reduced accordingly. This contract refund liability is    following or subsequent accounting periods, calculated separately
      estimated using prior experience of customer refunds. The                   for each insurance contract using the daily pro rata method,
      appropriateness of the assumptions used in this calculation is              adjusted if necessary to reflect any variation in the incidence of risk
      reassessed at each reporting date.                                          during the period covered by the contract. Where the value of
      Classification of insurance contracts                                       expected claims and expenses attributable to unexpired periods of
      Contracts under which the Group accepts significant insurance risk          policies in force exceeds the unearned premium provision, a further
      from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the         provision is made, calculated by reference to classes of business
      policyholder or other beneficiary if a specified uncertain future event     which are managed together.
      (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder or other
                                                                                  Alternative performance measures (APMs)
      beneficiary are classified as insurance contracts. These contracts
                                                                                  In the reporting of financial information, the Directors have adopted
      remain insurance contracts until all rights and obligations are
                                                                                  various APMs. Refer to the Glossary for a full list of the Group’s
      extinguished or expire. Insurance contracts may also transfer some
                                                                                  APMs, including comprehensive definitions, their purpose,
      financial risk.
                                                                                  reconciliations to IFRS measures and details of any changes to APMs.
      Insurance income
      Gross written premiums comprise premiums on contracts entered               Judgements and sources of estimation uncertainty
      into during the year, irrespective of whether they relate in whole          The preparation of the consolidated Group financial statements
      or in part to a later accounting period, and exclude tax and levies.        requires management to make judgements, estimates and
      An estimate is made at the balance sheet date to recognise                  assumptions in applying the Group’s accounting policies to
      retrospective adjustments to premiums. The earned portion of                determine the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
      premiums written is recognised as revenue. Premiums are earned              expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
      from the date of attachment of risk, over the indemnity period,             historical experience and various other factors that are believed to
      based on the pattern of risks underwritten.                                 be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
                                                                                  from these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions
      Insurance claims                                                            are reviewed on an ongoing basis, with revisions to accounting
      Claims and claims handling expenses are recognised as incurred,             estimates applied prospectively.
      based on the estimated cost of settling all liabilities arising on events
      occurring up to the balance sheet date.                                     Critical accounting judgements
                                                                                  Critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that are
      Reinsurance                                                                 applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      The Group cedes reinsurance in the normal course of business                are discussed below:
      for the purpose of limiting its net loss potential through the
      diversification of its risks. Reinsurance arrangements, including           Leases
      quota share, excess of loss and adverse development cover                   Management exercises judgement in determining the likelihood of
      contracts, do not relieve the Group from its direct obligations to its      exercising break or extension options in determining the lease term.
      policyholders. Only contracts that give rise to a significant transfer      Break and extension options are included to provide operational
      of insurance risk are accounted for as reinsurance contracts.               flexibility should the economic outlook for an asset be different to
      Amounts recoverable under such contracts are generally recognised           expectations, and hence at commencement of the lease, break or
      in the same year as the related claim. Contracts that do not transfer       extension options are not typically considered reasonably certain
      significant insurance risk (i.e. financial reinsurance) are accounted       to be exercised, unless there is a valid business reason otherwise.
      for as financial instruments.                                               The discount rate used to calculate the lease liability is the rate
      Reinsurance assets include balances due from reinsurance                    implicit in the lease, if it can be readily determined, or the lessee’s
      companies for reinsurance claims. Amounts recoverable from                  incremental borrowing rate if not. Management uses the rate implicit
      reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the                    in the lease where the lessor is a related party (such as leases from
      outstanding claims provision or settled claims associated with the          joint ventures) and the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate for all
      reinsured policy. The earned portion of reinsurance premiums                other leases. Incremental borrowing rates are determined monthly
      (insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers) is recognised as             and depend on the term, country, currency and start date of the
      reinsurance premium expense, and the provision for unearned                 lease. The incremental borrowing rate is determined based on a
      reinsurance premiums comprises the element of reinsurance                   series of inputs including: the risk-free rate based on government
      premiums relating to services to be received in future years.               bond rates; a country-specific risk adjustment; a credit risk adjustment
      Amounts recoverable under reinsurance contracts are assessed for            based on Tesco bond yields; and an entity-specific adjustment
      impairment at each year end date. Such assets are deemed impaired           where the entity risk profile is different to that of the Group.
      if there is objective evidence, as a result of an event that occurred       Refer to Note 12 for additional disclosures relating to leases.
      after initial recognition, that the Group may not recover all amounts
      due and that the event has a reliably measurable impact on the              Joint ventures and associates
      amounts that the Group will receive from the reinsurer.                     The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements under
                                                                                  IFRS 11 ‘Joint Arrangements’ and determined them to be joint
      Provision for outstanding claims                                            ventures. These assessments required the exercise of judgement
      The provision for outstanding claims represents the Group’s                 as set out in Note 14.
      estimate of the ultimate cost of settling all claims incurred but
      unpaid at the reporting date whether reported or not, and related           APMs – Adjusting items
      internal and external claims handling expenses. Claims outstanding          Adjusting items relate to certain costs or incomes that derive from
      are assessed by reviewing individual claims data and making an              events or transactions that fall within the normal activities of the
      allowance for claims incurred but not yet reported, adjusted for the        Group but which, individually or, if of a similar type, in aggregate,
      effect of both internal and external foreseeable events, such as            are excluded from the Group’s APMs by virtue of their size and
      changes in claims handling procedures, inflation, judicial trends,          nature in order to provide a helpful alternative perspective of the
      substantively enacted legislative changes and past experience and           year-on-year trends, performance and position of the Group’s
                                                                                  trading business that is more comparable over time.

128   Tesco
      128 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                                                   statements




This alternative view is consistent with how management views                 To the extent that there were observable indicators of change at
the business, and how it is reported internally to the Board and              the 26 February 2022 balance sheet date, these have been factored
Executive Committee for performance analysis, planning, reporting,            into the Group’s financial statements as at 26 February 2022, in
decision-making and incentive-setting purposes.                               particular: assessing the impact on discount rates and cash flow
                                                                              scenarios used in impairment testing of goodwill and non-current
Management exercises judgement in determining the adjustments to
                                                                              assets; incorporating the latest macroeconomic data into ECL
apply to IFRS measurements, and this assessment covers the nature
                                                                              calculations in Tesco Bank; and evaluating the effect on pension
of the item, cause of occurrence and the scale of impact of that
                                                                              discount rate and plan asset fair values. In Central Europe, the Group
item on reported performance and individual financial statement
                                                                              considered whether there were any specific impairment indicators
line items, as well as consistency with prior periods. Reversals of
                                                                              for stores in Hungary and Slovakia and concluded that there were
previous adjusting items are assessed based on the same criteria to
                                                                              not. Also in Central Europe, the Group established that it remained
ensure an even-handed treatment of gains and losses. The amount
                                                                              appropriate to continue to classify certain properties as held for
and timing of adjusting items can be unpredictable and subject to a
                                                                              sale. Finally, the Group decided that there are more than sufficient
higher level of scrutiny by users of the accounts. Adjusting items can
                                                                              future taxable profits to continue to recognise deferred tax assets.
include, but are not limited to: litigation costs; impairment charges
and reversals; property transactions such as disposals; amortisation          Sensitivities of reasonably possible changes in key inputs to impairment
of acquired intangibles; changes in uncertain tax positions;                  testing of goodwill and non-current assets, Tesco Bank ECL and
restructuring and redundancy costs; profits or losses on disposal             pension obligations are given in Notes 15, 26 and 30 respectively.
of businesses; net pension finance costs; and fair value
                                                                              The Group reviewed non-adjusting macroeconomic movements
remeasurements of financial instruments. The tax effect of such
                                                                              after the balance sheet date (for example discount rates, asset
items is also classified as adjusting.
                                                                              values and inflation impact from fuel price increases and/or supply
The Group income statement is presented in a columnar format                  chain disruption) and concluded that those movements were within
to enable users of the accounts to see the Group’s performance                the range of the Group’s existing sensitivities, hence no additional
before adjusting items, the adjusting items, and the statutory total          disclosures were required. The Group will continue to monitor the
on a line-by-line basis. An analysis of the adjusting items included in       situation as it develops.
the Group income statement, together with the impact of these
                                                                              Other significant estimates
items on the Group cash flow statement, is disclosed in Note 4.
                                                                              Commercial income
Refer to pages 207 to 212 for further details on the Group’s APMs.            Management is required to make estimates in determining the
                                                                              amount and timing of recognition of commercial income for
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
                                                                              some transactions with suppliers. In determining the amount of
The key assumptions about the future, and other key sources of
                                                                              volume-related allowances recognised in any period, management
estimation uncertainty at the reporting period end that may have
                                                                              estimates the probability that the Group will meet contractual target
a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
                                                                              volumes, based on historical and forecast performance. There is
amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
                                                                              limited estimation involved in recognising income for promotional
discussed below:
                                                                              and other allowances.
Post-employment benefit obligations
                                                                              Management assesses its performance against the obligations
The present value of post-employment benefit obligations is
                                                                              conditional on earning the income, with the income recognised
determined on an actuarial basis using various assumptions,
                                                                              either over time as the obligations are met, or recognised at the
including the discount rate, inflation rate and mortality assumptions.
                                                                              point when all obligations are met, dependent on the contractual
Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount as
                                                                              requirements. Commercial income is recognised as a credit within
well as the net pension cost/(income). Key assumptions and sensitivities
                                                                              cost of sales. Where the income earned relates to inventories which
for post-employment benefit obligations are disclosed in Note 30.
                                                                              are held by the Group at period ends, the income is included within
Impairment of non-financial assets                                            the cost of those inventories, and recognised in cost of sales upon
The Group evaluates goodwill and non-current assets for impairment            sale of those inventories. Management views that the cost of
as set out in Note 15. The key assumptions and estimates to which             inventories sold (which is inclusive of commercial income) provides
the recoverable amounts are most sensitive, the methodology for               a consistent and complete measure of the Group income statement
calculating them and sensitivities are also disclosed in Note 15.             impact of the overall supplier relationships.
Tesco Bank ECL measurement                                                    Management considers the best indicator of the estimation
The measurement of ECLs for Tesco Bank financial assets requires              undertaken is by reference to commercial income balances not
the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future            settled at the balance sheet date, and has therefore provided
macroeconomic conditions and credit behaviour, such as the likelihood         additional disclosures of commercial income amounts reflected in
of customers defaulting and the resulting losses. Key assumptions             the Group balance sheet. Management believes there is limited risk
and sensitivities for Tesco Bank ECLs are disclosed in Note 26.               of a material change in the amounts recognised in the next financial
Impact of the war in Ukraine                                                  year. Refer to Note 22 for commercial income disclosures.
In light of the war in Ukraine which commenced on 24 February 2022,           Contingent liabilities
the Group has considered whether any adjustments are required to              Contingent liabilities are possible obligations whose existence will be
reported amounts in the financial statements. The Group does not              confirmed only on the occurrence or non-occurrence of uncertain
have any operations in Ukraine or Russia, but does have operations            future events outside the Group’s control, or present obligations
in Hungary and Slovakia, which border Ukraine. The Group is                   that are not recognised because it is not probable that a settlement
therefore not directly affected by trading restrictions or sanctions,         will be required or the value of such a payment cannot be reliably
but could be affected in future by possible wider macroeconomic               estimated. The Group does not recognise contingent liabilities but
consequences should the situation develop further. This could                 discloses them. Management believes there is limited risk of a
include an increase in domestic inflation from supply chain disruption,       material change in the amounts recognised or disclosed in the
commodity shortages or commodity price increases affecting cash               next financial year. Refer to Note 35 for the disclosures.
flows, or changes in market discount rates and valuations. Please
refer to the Group Chief Executive’s review for details on how
Tesco has responded to aid those affected by the crisis.




                                                                                       TescoReport
                                                                           Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                   and Report andStatements
                                                                                                        Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               2022 2022
                                                                                                                                       129               129
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 2 Segmental reporting
      The Group’s operating segments are determined based on the Group’s internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
      The CODM has been determined to be the Group Chief Executive, with support from the Executive Committee, as the function primarily
      responsible for the allocation of resources to segments and assessment of performance of the segments.
      The principal activities of the Group are presented in the following segments:
      – Retailing and associated activities (Retail) in:
         – UK & ROI – the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland; and
         – Central Europe – Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia.
      – Retail banking and insurance services through Tesco Bank in the UK (Tesco Bank).
      This presentation reflects how the Group’s operating performance is reviewed internally by management.
      The CODM uses adjusted operating profit, as reviewed at monthly Executive Committee meetings, as the key measure of the segments’ results
      as it reflects the segments’ trading performance that is more comparable over time for the financial year under evaluation. Adjusted operating
      profit is a consistent measure within the Group as defined within the Glossary. Refer to Note 4 for adjusting items. Inter-segment revenue
      between the segments is not material.

      Income statement
      The segment results and the reconciliation of the segment measures to the respective statutory items included in the Group income statement
      are as follows:
                                                                                           Total Retail at                Total at                     Total
                                                                                 Central        constant      Tesco     constant        Foreign    at actual
      52 weeks ended 26 February 2022                                UK & ROI    Europe        exchange        Bank     exchange      exchange    exchange
      At constant exchange rates                                          £m         £m               £m        £m            £m            £m           £m
      Continuing operations
      Revenue                                                         56,539      4,167         60,706         922        61,628         (284)     61,344
      Less: Fuel sales                                                (6,420)      (160)        (6,580)          –       (6,580)             4     (6,576)
      APM: Sales                                                       50,119    4,007           54,126        922       55,048          (280)     54,768
      Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                 2,490        175          2,665         176         2,841           (16)     2,825
      Adjusting items                                                    (292)       26            (266)         –          (266)             1       (265)
      Operating profit/(loss)                                          2,198        201          2,399         176         2,575           (15)     2,560
      Adjusted operating margin                                         4.4%     4.2%             4.4%       19.1%         4.6%                      4.6%


                                                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                             Central                     Tesco     at actual
      52 weeks ended 26 February 2022                                                           UK & ROI     Europe    Total Retail       Bank    exchange
      At actual exchange rates                                                                       £m          £m            £m          £m            £m
      Continuing operations
      Revenue                                                                                   56,404       4,018       60,422           922      61,344
      Less: Fuel sales                                                                           (6,420)       (156)      (6,576)           –      (6,576)
      APM: Sales                                                                                49,984       3,862       53,846           922      54,768
      Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                                            2,481         168       2,649           176       2,825
      Adjusting items                                                                              (290)         25         (265)           –         (265)
      Operating profit/(loss)                                                                      2,191        193       2,384           176       2,560
      Adjusted operating margin                                                                   4.4%       4.2%          4.4%         19.1%        4.6%
      Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                                                                15
      Finance income                                                                                                                                      9
      Finance costs                                                                                                                                    (551)
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                                      2,033

      Tesco Bank revenue of £922m (2021: £735m) comprises interest and similar revenues of £473m (2021: £542m), fees and commissions revenue of
      £210m (2021: £193m), and insurance revenue of £239m (2021: £nil). For insurance, refer to Note 23.




130   Tesco
      130 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                                  statements




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                                                                          Central                                Tesco       at actual
52 weeks ended 27 February 2021                                                                                         UK & ROI          Europe         Total Retail             Bank      exchange
At actual exchange rates                                                                                                     £m               £m                 £m                £m              £m
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                                                                 53,170             3,982            57,152                 735       57,887
Less: Fuel sales                                                                                                         (4,322)             (120)          (4,442)                  –        (4,442)
APM: Sales                                                                                                              48,848             3,862            52,710                 735       53,445
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)*                                                                                         1,839               124            1,963                (175)        1,788
Adjusting items*                                                                                                              51                3               54               (295)           (241)
Operating profit/(loss)*                                                                                                  1,890               127            2,017               (470)         1,547
Adjusted operating margin*                                                                                                 3.5%             3.1%             3.4%             (23.8)%           3.1%
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                                26
Finance income                                                                                                                                                                                     15
Finance costs                                                                                                                                                                                   (952)
Profit/(loss) before tax*                                                                                                                                                                        636
* Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.


Balance sheet
The following tables showing segment assets and liabilities exclude those balances that make up net debt (cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments, joint venture loans and other receivables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, derivative financial instruments and net debt
of the disposal group). With the exception of lease liabilities which have been allocated to each segment, and Tesco Bank net debt, all other
components of net debt have been included within the unallocated segment to reflect how these balances are managed. Intercompany
transactions have been eliminated other than intercompany transactions with Tesco Bank in net debt.
                                                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                           Central            Tesco                        continuing       Discontinued
                                                                                        UK & ROI           Europe              Bank      Unallocated       operations         operations        Total
At 26 February 2022                                                                          £m                £m               £m               £m               £m                  £m          £m
Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                      4,700                31              629                   –            5,360               –       5,360
Property, plant and equipment and investment property                                    15,552             1,462                68                  –           17,082               –      17,082
Right of use assets                                                                       5,355               354                 11                 –            5,720               –       5,720
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                 85                 1                 –                  –                86              –           86
Non-current other investments                                                                 12                –             1,241                  –             1,253              –        1,253
Non-current trade and other receivables(a)                                                    91                –                59                  –               150              –          150
Non-current loans and advances to customers and banks                                          –                –             3,141                  –              3,141             –         3,141
Non-current reinsurance assets(b)                                                              –                –               184                  –               184              –          184
Post-employment benefit surplus                                                           3,150                 –                 –                  –            3,150               –       3,150
Deferred tax assets                                                                            2               19                64                  –                85              –           85
Non-current assets(c)                                                                   28,947              1,867            5,397                   –           36,211               –      36,211

Inventories and current trade and other receivables(d)                                     2,981              285               239                  –            3,505               –        3,505
Current loans and advances to customers and banks                                               –                 –           3,349                  –            3,349               –        3,349
Current reinsurance assets(b)                                                                   –                 –               61                 –                61              –            61
Current other investments                                                                       –                 –             226                  –               226              –           226
Total trade and other payables                                                           (8,343)             (535)             (356)                 –           (9,234)              –       (9,234)
Total customer deposits and deposits from banks                                                 –                 –          (6,379)                 –           (6,379)              –       (6,379)
Total insurance contract provisions(b)                                                          –                 –            (650)                 –             (650)              –         (650)
Total provisions                                                                             (401)             (28)              (37)                –             (466)              –         (466)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    (869)               (41)               –                 –              (910)             –          (910)
Net current tax                                                                                90                (11)              3                 –                82              –            82
Post-employment benefit deficit                                                            (303)                  –                –                 –             (303)              –         (303)
Assets of the disposal group and non-current assets
classified as held for sale                                                                  20               310                 –                –                 330             38         368
Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held for sale                                 –                 –                 –                –                   –             (14)        (14)
Net debt(e)                                                                              (7,350)             (474)             300            (2,678)            (10,202)              –    (10,202)
Net assets                                                                               14,772             1,373             2,153          (2,678)             15,620              24     15,644
(a) Excludes non-current loans to joint ventures of £9m (2021: £21m) which form part of net debt.
(b) Includes assets and liabilities acquired in the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Notes 23 and 34 for further details.
(c) Excludes derivative financial instruments of £942m (2021: £1,425m) which form part of net debt.
(d) Excludes net interest and other receivables of £1m (2021: £nil), and current loans to joint ventures of £96m (2021: £101m), both forming part of net debt.
(e) Refer to Note 33. Net debt at 26 February 2022 excludes net debt of the disposal groups classified as held for sale of £(14)m (2021: £(276)m).




                                                                                                                 TescoReport
                                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                             and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                  Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                         2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 131                                     131
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 2 Segmental reporting continued
                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                              Central           Tesco                        continuing     Discontinued
                                                                                            UK & ROI          Europe             Bank      Unallocated       operations       operations             Total
      At 27 February 2021                                                                        £m               £m              £m               £m               £m                £m               £m
      Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                   4,750                32              611                 –          5,393                  –          5,393
      Property, plant and equipment and investment property(f)                               15,131            1,768              65                  –         16,964                  –         16,964
      Right of use assets                                                                     5,571              368               12                 –           5,951                 –           5,951
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                                              84                 1              93                  –             178                 –             178
      Non-current other investments                                                               9                –             754                  –            763                  –            763
      Non-current trade and other receivables(a)                                                 97                –              52                  –             149                 –             149
      Non-current loans and advances to customers and banks                                       –                –           3,309                  –          3,309                  –          3,309
      Deferred tax assets                                                                      460                25              67                  –            552                  –            552
      Non-current assets(c)                                                                 26,102             2,194           4,963                  –        33,259                   –        33,259

      Inventories and current trade and other receivables(d)                                  2,684               325            222                  –           3,231                 –           3,231
      Current loans and advances to customers and banks                                             –                –         3,093                  –          3,093                  –          3,093
      Current other investments                                                                     –                –            178                 –              178                –              178
      Total trade and other payables                                                          (7,797)            (495)           (216)                –         (8,508)                 –         (8,508)
      Total customer deposits and deposits from banks                                               –                –        (6,338)                 –         (6,338)                 –         (6,338)
      Total provisions                                                                          (224)              (22)           (59)                –            (305)                –            (305)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (9)             (39)             –                 –              (48)               –              (48)
      Net current tax                                                                             (79)               5             36                 –              (38)               –              (38)
      Post-employment benefit deficit                                                         (1,222)                –              –                 –          (1,222)                –          (1,222)
      Assets of the disposal group and non-current assets
      classified as held for sale                                                                 53                –               –                –               53              552             605
      Liabilities of the disposal group classified as held for sale                                –                –               –                –                –             (276)            (276)
      Net debt(e)                                                                             (7,879)            (493)           242            (3,442)         (11,572)               –          (11,572)
      Net assets                                                                             11,629             1,475           2,121          (3,442)          11,783               276         12,059
      (a)–(e) Refer to previous table for further footnotes.
      (f) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.


      Other segment information
                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                               Central           Tesco       continuing     Discontinued
                                                                                                             UK & ROI          Europe             Bank       operations       operations             Total
      52 weeks ended 26 February 2022                                                                             £m               £m              £m               £m                £m               £m
      Capital expenditure (including acquisitions through business
      combinations):
        Property, plant and equipment(a)(b)                                                                     1,485              89                14           1,588                 –           1,588
        Goodwill and other intangible assets(c)                                                                   186              10                71             267                 –             267
      Depreciation and amortisation:
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                            (792)            (90)              (11)           (893)                –           (893)
        Right of use assets                                                                                     (500)             (35)               (2)           (537)                –           (537)
        Investment property                                                                                         (1)             –                 –               (1)               –              (1)
        Other intangible assets                                                                                  (224)             (11)            (52)            (287)                –           (287)
      Impairment
        (Loss)/reversal on financial assets                                                                            10            (1)            30               39                 –              39
      (a) Includes £584m related to obtaining control of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership (2021: £310m related to obtaining control of The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited Partnership). Refer to Note 34
          for further details.
      (b) Includes £1m (2021: £12m) of property, plant and equipment acquired through business combinations.
      (c) Includes £38m (2021: £5m) of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired through business combinations.
                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                               Central           Tesco       continuing     Discontinued
                                                                                                             UK & ROI          Europe             Bank       operations       operations             Total
      52 weeks ended 27 February 2021                                                                             £m               £m              £m               £m                £m               £m
      Capital expenditure (including acquisitions through business
      combinations):
        Property, plant and equipment(a)(b)(d)                                                                  1,270              79                15           1,364                 2           1,366
        Goodwill and other intangible assets(c)                                                                   156              10               40              206                 –             206
      Depreciation and amortisation:
        Property, plant and equipment(d)                                                                         (796)            (99)               (9)          (904)               (14)            (918)
        Right of use assets                                                                                      (522)            (37)               (2)           (561)               (5)           (566)
        Investment property                                                                                         (1)              –                –               (1)               –                (1)
        Other intangible assets                                                                                  (225)              (7)            (46)            (278)                (1)          (279)
      Impairment
        (Loss)/reversal on financial assets                                                                       (23)               (1)          (360)            (384)               (2)           (386)
      (a)–(c) Refer to previous table for further footnotes.
      (d) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.




132   Tesco
      132 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                                          statements




Cash flow statement
The following tables provide further analysis of the Group cash flow statement, including a split of cash flows between Retail continuing
operations and Tesco Bank as well as an analysis of Group continuing and discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                                                                                             Discontinued       Tesco
                                                                                                                     Retail                                        Bank                        operations       Group
                                                                                                    Before                                           Before                      Tesco
                                                                                                  adjusting         Adjusting         Retail       adjusting      Adjusting       Bank
                                                                                                     items             items          Total           items          items        Total            Total          Total
52 weeks ended 26 February 2022                                                                         £m                £m            £m               £m             £m          £m               £m             £m
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                2,649            (265)        2,384              176               –        176                (51)      2,509
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                           1,577              76         1,653              65               –         65                  –         1,718
ATM net income                                                                                             (14)             –             (14)           14               –         14                  –             –
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property,                         5           (128)          (123)             –               –          –                  –          (123)
intangible assets, assets held for sale and early termination of leases
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of joint ventures and associates                                                –               (15)        (15)           (10)             –         (10)               –             (25)
(Profit)/loss arising on sale of subsidiaries                                                                 –                 –           –              –              –           –               23              23
Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property, plant and equipment, right of use assets,                         –               115         115              –              –           –                –              115
intangible assets and investment property
Net remeasurement (gain)/loss of non-current assets held for sale                                             –              6             6                –              –          –                 (3)           3
Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions charge                                                            7              –             7                –              –          –                  –            7
Other defined benefit pension scheme payments                                                               (19)             –           (19)               –              –          –                  –          (19)
Share-based payments                                                                                        63               –           63                 3              –          3                  –          66
Tesco Bank fair value movements included in operating profit/(loss)                                           –              –             –             (28)              –        (28)                 –         (28)
Cash flows generated from operations excluding working capital                                         4,268              (211)      4,057              220                –       220                (31)     4,246
(Increase)/decrease in working capital                                                                     501           (105)         396               (54)             (8)       (62)               28         362
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                               4,769             (316)       4,453              166               (8)      158                 (3)     4,608
Interest paid                                                                                            (644)               –        (644)                (5)             –         (5)                 (1)     (650)
Corporation tax paid                                                                                      (195)              –         (195)               (4)             –         (4)                (2)       (201)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities(a)                                              3,930             (316)       3,614               157              (8)      149                 (6)      3,757
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property,                                     –          308           308                  1              –          1                  –        309
intangible assets and assets classified as held for sale
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                          (37)           (43)           (80)              –              –           –                 –           (80)
– property buybacks
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                        (854)                 –        (854)            (14)             –         (14)                (1)        (869)
– other capital expenditure
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                              (196)              –          (196)           (33)             –         (33)                –          (229)
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                                –             117            117               –            –             –             44               161
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                               –               –              –           (48)             –         (48)                –             (48)
Proceeds from sale of joint ventures and associates                                                           –              15             15               –            –             –               –               15
Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                           (4)              –             (4)              –            –             –               –               (4)
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                 (11)             –             (11)             –            –             –               –               (11)
Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term investments                                       (1,067)               –       (1,067)                –            –             –               –        (1,067)
Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                                                    2               –              2           272              –         272                 –            274
Purchase of other investments(b)                                                                              (1)             –              (1)       (220)              –       (220)                 –           (221)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                        22               –            22               10            –            10               –              32
Dividends received from Tesco Bank                                                                           87               –            87             (87)            –          (87)               –                –
Interest received                                                                                             3               –              3               –            –             –               –                3
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities(a)                                             (2,056)             397        (1,659)            (119)             –        (119)              43        (1,735)
Own shares purchased for cancellation                                                                     (278)               –         (278)                –            –             –               –          (278)
Own shares purchased for share schemes                                                                     (144)              –          (144)               –            –             –               –           (144)
Repayment of capital element of obligations under leases                                                   (571)              –          (571)              (4)           –            (4)             (2)          (577)
Increase in borrowings                                                                                     394                –          394                 –            –             –               –           394
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                   (754)               –         (754)              (21)           –           (21)              –           (775)
Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                                      798                –          798                 –            –             –               –            798
Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                                     (921)              –          (921)               –            –             –               –           (921)
Dividends paid to equity holders                                                                          (704)            (27)          (731)               –            –             –               –            (731)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities(a)                                              (2,180)            (27)       (2,207)             (25)             –         (25)              (2)      (2,234)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (306)                 54       (252)               13             (8)          5              35           (212)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                                                                                                            1,971
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                                                                                              12
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                                                                                                  1,771
Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                                                                                                                                           –
Cash and cash equivalents not held in disposal groups                                                                                                                                                             1,771
(a) Refer to page 211 for the reconciliation of the APM: Retail free cash flow.
(b) Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the presentation of primary financial statements.




                                                                                                                  TescoReport
                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                              and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                   Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                          2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  133                                                          133
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 2 Segmental reporting continued
                                                                                                                                                                                      Discontinued    Tesco
                                                                                                                     Retail                                    Bank                     operations    Group
                                                                                                        Before                                      Before                  Tesco
                                                                                                      adjusting      Adjusting        Retail      adjusting    Adjusting     Bank
                                                                                                          items          items         Total         items        items      Total           Total      Total
      52 weeks ended 27 February 2021                                                                       £m             £m            £m             £m           £m        £m              £m         £m
      Operating profit/(loss)  (c)                                                                       1,963                54      2,017           (175)       (295)     (470)          5,482      7,029
      Depreciation and amortisation(c)                                                                     1,611              76      1,687             57           –        57              20       1,764
      ATM net income                                                                                         (13)               –        (13)           13           –         13              –           –
      (Profit)/loss arising on sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property,                   (17)             (13)      (30)             2           –          2              5         (23)
      intangible assets, assets held for sale and early termination of leases(c)
      (Profit)/loss arising on sale of subsidiaries                                                            –              –            –             –             –        –           (5,197)    (5,197)
      Transaction and derivative costs associated with sale of subsidiaries                                    –              –            –             –             –        –                6          6
      Net impairment loss/(reversal) on property, plant and equipment, right of use assets,                   (4)          (128)        (132)            –             –        –               43        (89)
      intangible assets and investment property(c)
      Impairment of goodwill                                                                                  –               –             –             –        295       295                 –       295
      Net remeasurement (gain)/loss of non-current assets held for sale                                       –               –             –             –            –         –              (5)        (5)
      Adjustment for non-cash element of pensions charge                                                      7               7            14             –            –         –               –         14
      Other defined benefit pension scheme payments                                                       (351)         (2,500)       (2,851)             –            –         –               –    (2,851)
      Share-based payments                                                                                   31               –            31            (3)           –        (3)              2        30
      Tesco Bank fair value movements included in operating profit/(loss)                                     –               –             –         367              –     367                 –       367
      Cash flows generated from operations excluding working capital                                    3,227          (2,504)           723          261              –     261             356      1,340
      (Increase)/decrease in working capital                                                              450                (11)        439          (133)          (19)    (152)             (41)      246
      Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                          3,677           (2,515)        1,162          128           (19)     109             315      1,586
      Interest paid                                                                                      (680)                –         (680)            (6)           –        (6)           (43)      (729)
      Corporation tax paid                                                                                 (161)              –          (161)           (9)           –        (9)           (85)      (255)
      Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities(a)                                         2,836           (2,515)          321           113          (19)       94             187        602
      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property,                             33              148           181             –           51        51               5       237
      intangible assets and assets classified as held for sale
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                   (239)             (52)        (291)            –             –        –               –        (291)
      – property buybacks
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property                                   (740)                –        (740)           (21)           –       (21)           (119)     (880)
      – other capital expenditure
      Purchase of intangible assets                                                                         (162)            –           (162)         (40)            –      (40)              (4)      (206)
      Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                            –       7,806         7,806               –            –         –            (713)     7,093
      Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                         15             –             15             –            –         –               –          15
      Increase in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                       (2)           –              (2)           –            –         –               –           (2)
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                            (11)           –             (11)           –            –         –               –          (11)
      Net (investments in)/proceeds from sale of short-term investments                                       62             –             62             –            –         –               –          62
      Proceeds from sale of other investments(b)                                                                –            –               –         201             –      201                –         201
      Purchase of other investments(b)                                                                        (1)            –             (1)         (84)            –      (84)               –         (85)
      Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                   10             –             10             7            –         7               9          26
      Dividends received from Tesco Bank                                                                      13             –             13           (13)           –       (13)              –            –
      Interest received                                                                                       10             –             10             –            –         –               2          12
      Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities(a)                                          (1,012)        7,902        6,890              50            51      101            (820)       6,171
      Own shares purchased for share schemes                                                                 (66)            –            (66)            –            –         –               –         (66)
      Repayment of capital element of obligations under leases                                              (561)            –           (561)           (3)           –        (3)            (57)       (621)
      Increase in borrowings                                                                              1,097              –         1,097              1            –         1               –      1,098
      Repayment of borrowings                                                                            (1,039)             –        (1,039)         (775)            –     (775)               –      (1,814)
      Cash inflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                               1,644             52         1,696              –            –         –               –      1,696
      Cash outflows from derivative financial instruments(b)                                             (2,276)             –        (2,276)             –            –         –               –     (2,276)
      Dividends paid to equity holders                                                                     (942)        (4,916)      (5,858)              –            –         –               –    (5,858)
      Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities(a)                                         (2,143)        (4,864)       (7,007)          (777)            –     (777)             (57)   (7,841)

      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                (319)           523           204           (614)           32    (582)            (690)    (1,068)
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                                                                                            3,031
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                                                                               8
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                                                                                  1,971
      Cash and overdrafts held in disposal groups                                                                                                                                                           7
      Cash and cash equivalents not held in disposal groups                                                                                                                                            1,978
      (a)-(b) Refer to previous table for footnotes.
      (c) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.




134   Tesco
      134 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                        statements




Note 3 Income and expenses
Auditor’s remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   52 weeks            52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                                                                                                        £m                  £m
Fees payable to the Company’s auditor and its associates for the audit of the Company and Group financial statements                                                    2.8                  2.3
The audit of the accounts of the Company’s subsidiaries                                                                                                                8.9                   8.3
Total audit services                                                                                                                                                   11.7                 10.6
Audit-related assurance services                                                                                                                                       0.9                    1.1
Other services:
  Transaction services                                                                                                                                                    –                  0.6
  All other non-audit services                                                                                                                                          0.6                  0.8
Total non-audit services                                                                                                                                                1.5                  2.5
Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                                                                                           13.2                 13.1

Audit-related assurance services of £0.9m (2021: £1.1m) comprise: review of the Group’s interim report £0.5m (2021: £0.5m), audit of the Parent
Company interim accounts drawn up to support the special dividend to shareholders £nil (2021: £0.3m) and other services £0.4m (2021: £0.3m).
Transaction services represents provision of reporting accountant services related to the disposal of the Group’s Thailand and Malaysia
operations £nil (2021: £0.6m). Other non-audit services of £0.6m (2021: £0.8m) represents provision of data repository services for information
needed for disclosure purposes as part of historic claims. In addition to the amounts shown above, the auditor received fees of £0.3m (2021:
£0.3m) for the audit of the main Group pension schemes. Non-audit services are subject to approval by the Chief Audit and Risk Officer and the
Audit Committee. Additional information on the non-audit services provided by the auditor is provided in the Audit Committee report on page 73,
including how objectivity and independence is safeguarded.

Employment costs, including Directors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   52 weeks            52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                       2022                2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                              Notes                £m                  £m
Wages and salaries                                                                                                                                                  6,410                  6,443
Social security costs                                                                                                                                                 493                    509
Post-employment defined benefits*                                                                                                                     30                40                    48
Post-employment defined contributions                                                                                                                 30               361                   347
Share-based payments expense                                                                                                                          29               122                    69
Termination benefits                                                                                                                                                    40                    33
Total                                                                                                                                                               7,466                  7,449
* Includes £nil (2021: £7m) past service cost related to guaranteed minimum pensions (GMPs). This was treated as an adjusting item. Refer to Note 4 and Note 30.

Post-employment defined contribution charges include £136m (2021: £132m) of salaries paid as pension contributions.
The table below shows the average number of employees by segment during the financial year.
                                                                                                                             Average number                         Average number of
                                                                                                                              of employees                         full-time equivalents
Continuing operations                                                                                                          2022                 2021               2022                 2021
UK & ROI                                                                                                                   326,218            336,392              204,974            214,470
Central Europe                                                                                                              24,935             27,273               22,895             25,054
Tesco Bank                                                                                                                   3,591              3,656                3,354              3,387
Total                                                                                                                     354,744             367,321              231,223            242,911




                                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                             135                                    135
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 4 Adjusting items
      Group income statement
      Refer to Note 1 for further details regarding the assessment of items as adjusting.
      52 weeks ended 26 February 2022
      Profit/(loss) for the year included the following adjusting items:
                                                                                                                Total adjusting       Share of joint                                                Adjusting items
                                                                                                               items included          venture and                                                  included within
                                                                                          Administrative      within operating           associates                                                   discontinued
                                                                      Cost of sales           expenses                   profit     profits/(losses)      Finance costs               Taxation           operations
                                                                                £m                   £m                     £m                   £m                 £m                     £m                    £m
      Property transactions        (a)
                                                                                   1                 127                  128                     –                     –                   (21)                      –
      Net impairment (loss)/reversal of non-                                   (140)                  25                  (115)                   –                     –                  (26)                       –
      current assets(b)
      Fair value less cost of disposal movements                                  –                    (6)                  (6)                   –                     –                    –                        –
      on assets held for sale
      Asia licence fee(c)                                                         –                   26                    26                    –                     –                   (5)                       –
      Litigation costs(d)                                                         –                 (193)                 (193)                   –                     –                    –                        –
      Disposal of China associate(e)                                              –                   15                    15                    –                     –                    –                        –
      Restructuring provisions(f)                                               (37)                   (7)                 (44)                   –                     –                    8                        –
      Amortisation of acquired intangible                                         –                  (76)                  (76)                   –                     –                   (7)                       –
      assets(g)
      Net pension finance costs(h)                                                –                     –                    –                    –                  (22)                    6                        –
      Fair value remeasurements of financial                                      –                     –                    –                    –                  123                   (19)                       –
      instruments(h)
      Release of tax provisions(i)                                                –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    56                        –
      Total adjusting items from continuing                                    (176)                 (89)                (265)                    –                  101                    (8)                       –
      operations
      Adjusting items relating to discontinued                                    –                     –                    –                    –                     –                    –                  (38)
      operations(j)
      Total adjusting items                                                    (176)                 (89)                (265)                    –                  101                    (8)                 (38)
      (a) The Group disposed of surplus properties that generated a profit before tax of £128m.
      (b) Includes £(62)m relating to impairment on acquisition of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership (refer to Note 34). Refer to Note 15 for further details on net impairment (loss)/reversal
          of non-current assets.
      (c) Software licence fee income from services provided to CP Group as part of the Transitional Services Agreement relating to the sale of Asia.
      (d) Costs arising from the 2020 claims against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of or in connection with the overstatement of expected profit announced in 2014.
      (e) Additional proceeds received from escrow relating to the sale of the Group’s 20% share of Gain Land to China Resources Holdings in the year ended 2020.
      (f) Provisions relating to operational restructuring changes announced in February 2022 as part of 'Save to Invest', a multi-year programme. Future cost savings will not be reported within adjusting items.
      (g) Amortisation of acquired intangibles relates to historical inorganic business combinations and does not reflect the Group’s ongoing trading performance.
      (h) Net pension finance costs and fair value remeasurements of financial instruments are now included within adjusting items, as they can fluctuate significantly due to external market factors that
          are outside management’s control. Refer to Note 1 for more details. Refer to Note 5 for details of finance income and costs.
      (i) The agreement of previously uncertain tax positions arising in prior periods has resulted in a release of tax provisions no longer required.
      (j) Refer to Note 7 for explanation of adjusting items relating to discontinued operations.


      52 weeks ended 27 February 2021
      Profit/(loss) for the year included the following adjusting items:
                                                                                                                Total adjusting       Share of joint                                                Adjusting items
                                                                                                               items included          venture and                                                  included within
                                                                                          Administrative      within operating           associates                                                   discontinued
                                                                      Cost of sales           expenses                   profit     profits/(losses)      Finance costs               Taxation           operations
                                                                                £m                   £m                     £m                   £m                 £m                     £m                    £m
      Property transactions                                                       19                     7                 26                     –                     –                    18                       –
      Booker integration costs                                                   (21)                  (4)                (25)                    –                     –                     4                       –
      ATM business rates                                                        105                     –                 105                     –                     –                  (20)                       –
      Litigation costs                                                             –                 (93)                 (93)                    –                     –                     –                       –
      GMP equalisation                                                            (6)                   (1)                 (7)                   –                     –                     1                       –
      Net impairment reversal of non-current                                    128                     –                 128                     –                     –                   (15)                      –
      assets*
      Impairment charge on goodwill                                               –                 (295)                (295)                    –                    –                    –                         –
      Employee Share Scheme                                                      (4)                    –                   (4)                   –                    –                    –                         –
      Release of tax provisions                                                   –                     –                    –                    –                    –                  106                         –
      Amortisation of acquired intangible assets                                  –                   (76)                 (76)                   –                    –                    2                         –
      Fair value remeasurements of financial                                      –                     –                    –                    –                 (214)                  41                         –
      instruments
      Net pension finance costs                                                   –                   –                     –                     –                  (43)                   8                         –
      Total adjusting items from continuing                                     221                (462)                 (241)                    –                 (257)                 145                         –
      operations*
      Adjusting items relating to discontinued                                    –                     –                    –                    –                     –                    –                 5,117
      operations
      Total adjusting items*                                                    221                (462)                 (241)                    –                 (257)                 145                 5,117
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.




136   Tesco
      136 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                        statements




Group cash flow statement
The table below shows the impact of adjusting items on the Group cash flow statement:
                                                                                Cash flows from                           Cash flows from                           Cash flows from
                                                                               operating activities                      investing activities                     financing activities
                                                                              52 weeks             52 weeks             52 weeks              52 weeks           52 weeks              52 weeks
                                                                                  2022                 2021                 2022                  2021               2022                  2021
                                                                                   £m                   £m                    £m                   £m                  £m                   £m
Property transactions(a)                                                              –                    –                308                   148                    –                      –
Poland sale proceeds and costs(b)                                                     –                    –                 122                   (3)                   –                      –
Litigation costs(c)                                                                (312)                (93)                   –                    (2)                  –                      –
Acquisition of property joint venture                                                 –                    –                 (43)                 (52)                   –                      –
Booker integration cash payments                                                    (18)                  (2)                  –                     –                   –                      –
Settlement of claims for customer redress in Tesco
Bank                                                                                 (8)                 (19)                   –                   –                    –                  –
Disposal of China associate(d)                                                        –                    –                  15                    –                    –                  –
ATM business rates(e)                                                                14                  90                     –                   –                    –                  –
Special dividend(f)                                                                   –                    –                    –                   –                  (27)            (4,916)
Disposal of Asia operations                                                           –                  26                    (5)              7,811                    –                 52
Additional pension contribution                                                       –             (2,500)                     –                   –                    –                  –
Tesco Bank mortgage book disposal proceeds                                            –                    –                    –                  51                    –                  –
Prior year restructuring and redundancy costs                                         –                 (36)                    –                   –                    –                  –
Total continuing operations                                                       (324)             (2,534)                  397              7,953                    (27)           (4,864)
Cash flows from discontinued operations(g)                                            (1)                (15)                 44                 (713)                   –                  –
Total                                                                             (325)             (2,549)                  441              7,240                    (27)           (4,864)
(a) Property transactions include £109m proceeds relating to the sale of stores in Poland not included in the sale of the corporate business.
(b) Poland sale proceeds and costs include £106m in respect of intercompany debt settled by the purchaser upon completion. Refer to Note 7 for further details.
(c) Cash settlements arising from the claims against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of, or in connection with, the overstatement of expected profit announced in 2014 and the 2015 sale of
    Korea Homeplus.
(d) Additional proceeds received from escrow relating to the sale of the Group’s 20% share of Gain Land to China Resources Holdings in the year ended 2020.
(e) Amounts received in the year with respect to the Supreme Court ruling in May 2020 that the Tesco Group is due a refund of business rates related to ATMs in stores.
(f) The Group paid a special dividend to shareholders in the previous financial year. Amounts paid in the current year relate to those balances not settled at the previous reporting date.
(g) Cash flows from investing activities of £44m from discontinued operations are the movements in cash and cash equivalents from the disposal of the Poland business. This comprised a £57m
    reduction in overdrafts less £13m cash disposed. Refer to Note 7 for details.


Note 5 Finance income and costs
                                                                                                                                                                    52 weeks            52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                        2022                2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                              Notes                 £m                  £m
Finance income
Interest receivable and similar income                                                                                                                                        4                     10
Finance income receivable on net investment in leases                                                                                                                         5                      5
Total finance income                                                                                                                                                          9                     15
Finance costs
GBP MTNs and loans                                                                                                                                                       (161)              (158)
EUR MTNs                                                                                                                                                                 (42)                 (51)
USD bonds                                                                                                                                                                  (5)                 (9)
Finance charges payable on lease liabilities                                                                                                                           (405)               (446)
Other interest payable                                                                                                                                                   (39)                 (31)
Total finance costs before adjusting items                                                                                                                             (652)               (695)
Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments*                                                                                                                      123                (214)
Net pension finance costs                                                                                                                                30               (22)               (43)
Total finance costs                                                                                                                                                     (551)              (952)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                                      (542)               (937)
* Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments included £nil (2021: £(160)m) relating to the premium paid on the repurchase of long-dated bonds.




                                                                                                            TescoReport
                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                        and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                             Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                    2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                            137                                          137
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 6 Taxation
      Recognised in the Group income statement
                                                                                                                                                                               52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                                   2022                 2021
      Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                         £m                   £m
      Current tax (credit)/charge
      UK corporation tax                                                                                                                                                            201                    228
      Overseas tax                                                                                                                                                                   69                     60
      Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                                                                         (55)                   (110)
                                                                                                                                                                                    215                    178
      Deferred tax (credit)/charge
      Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                                                              216                    (67)
      Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                                                                            1                     (19)
      Change in tax rate*                                                                                                                                                             78                      12
                                                                                                                                                                                    295                    (74)
      Total income tax (credit)/charge                                                                                                                                              510                    104
      * The UK Government announced an increase in the corporation tax rate from 19% to 25%, with an effective date of 1 April 2023, which was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. Temporary
        differences have been remeasured using the enacted tax rates that are expected to apply when the liability is settled or the asset realised, giving rise to a change in tax rate impact of £78m.


      Reconciliation of effective tax charge
                                                                                                                                                                               52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                                   2022                 2021(a)
      Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                         £m                   £m
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                                                                   2,033                     636
      Tax credit/(charge) at 19.0% (2021: 19.0%)                                                                                                                                  (386)                    (121)
      Effect of:
         Non-qualifying depreciation(b)                                                                                                                                                (7)               (33)
         Expenses not deductible                                                                                                                                                    (57)                 (40)
         Property items taxed on a different basis to accounting entries                                                                                                                7                   4
         Impairment of non-current assets                                                                                                                                          (43)                  (58)
         Banking surcharge tax                                                                                                                                                       (13)                  13
         Differences in overseas taxation rates                                                                                                                                       10                   10
         Adjustments in respect of prior years(c)                                                                                                                                    54                  129
         Share of losses of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                               3                   5
         Change in tax rate                                                                                                                                                         (78)                  (12)
         Irrecoverable withholding tax                                                                                                                                                  –                   (1)
      Total income tax credit/(charge)                                                                                                                                            (510)                (104)
      Effective tax rate                                                                                                                                                         25.1%               16.4%
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) This figure has been reduced by the tax effect of the super-deduction of £23m in respect of tax relief for fixed assets.
      (c) Prior year adjustments include tax credits of £56m in relation to uncertain tax positions (2021: £106m).


      Reconciliation of effective tax charge on adjusted profit before tax
                                                                                                                                                                               52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                                   2022                 2021(a)
      Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                         £m                   £m
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                                                                   2,033                  636
      Less: Adjusting items                                                                                                                                                         164                  498
      Adjusted profit before tax                                                                                                                                                  2,197                1,134
      Tax credit/(charge) at 19.0% (2021: 19.0%)                                                                                                                                   (417)                 (216)
      Effect of:
         Non-qualifying depreciation(b)                                                                                                                                               (7)               (33)
         Expenses not deductible                                                                                                                                                   (32)                  (21)
         Property items taxed on a different basis to accounting entries                                                                                                              (1)                  –
         Impairment of non-current assets                                                                                                                                              –                  (4)
         Banking surcharge tax                                                                                                                                                      (13)                  13
         Differences in overseas taxation rates                                                                                                                                      10                   10
         Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                                                                       (2)                   (1)
         Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                             3                   5
         Change in tax rate                                                                                                                                                        (43)                    (1)
         Irrecoverable withholding tax                                                                                                                                                 –                   (1)
      Total income tax credit/(charge) before adjusting items                                                                                                                    (502)                (249)
      Adjusted effective tax rate                                                                                                                                               22.8%                22.0%
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) This figure has been reduced by the tax effect of the super-deduction of £23m in respect of tax relief for fixed assets.




138   Tesco
      138 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                                statements




Tax on items credited directly to the Group statement of changes in equity
                                                                                                                                                                             52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                             £m                   £m
Current tax credit/(charge) on:
  Share-based payments                                                                                                                                                                1                   5
Deferred tax credit/(charge) on:
  Share-based payments                                                                                                                                                              14                   (11)
Total tax on items credited/(charged) to the Group statement of changes in equity                                                                                                   15                   (6)

Tax relating to components of the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)
                                                                                                                                                                             52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                             £m                   £m
Current tax credit/(charge) on:
  Pensions                                                                                                                                                                        124                   176
Deferred tax credit/(charge) on:
  Pensions                                                                                                                                                                     (1,030)                  67
  Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                           5                   –
  Fair value movements on cash flow hedges                                                                                                                                         (22)                  9
Total tax on items credited/(charged) to the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                                      (923)                 252

Deferred tax
The following are the major deferred tax (liabilities)/assets recognised by the Group and movements thereon during the current and prior
financial years, measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply when the liability is settled or the asset realised based on the tax rates
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date:
                                                                      Property-                             Post-                         Short-term
                                                                        related          Acquired     employment       Share-based              timing                           Financial
                                                                         items(a)      intangibles       benefits(b)      payments        differences         Tax losses     instruments              Total
                                                                            £m                 £m             £m               £m                  £m                £m               £m                £m
At 29 February 2020                                                        (168)            (100)              512                51                93                 4                  17          409
Discontinued operations                                                       14               –                (6)               (6)              (63)                –                   –           (61)
(Charge)/credit to the Group income statement                                32                2                 9                (3)               40                 (1)                (5)           74
(Charge)/credit to the Group statement of
changes in equity                                                              –                –                 –               (11)               –                 –                   –             (11)
(Charge)/credit to the Group statement of
comprehensive income/(loss)                                                    –                 –              67                 –                 –                 –                9               76
Acquisitions                                                                  (2)                –               –                 –                 –                 –               19                17
Foreign exchange and other movements                                           (1)               –               –                 –                 (1)               –                2                 –
At 27 February 2021                                                        (125)              (98)             582                31                69                 3               42              504
Discontinued operations                                                        –                 –               –                 –                 –                 –                –                 –
(Charge)/credit to the Group income statement                              (227)               (10)              (1)              (6)              (24)                2              (29)            (295)
(Charge)/credit to the Group statement of
changes in equity                                                              –                –                 –                14                –                 –                   –             14
(Charge)/credit to the Group statement of
comprehensive income/(loss)                                                  –                 –            (1,030)                –                –                  –                  (17)      (1,047)
Acquisitions                                                                 –                 –                  –                –                –                  –                    –            –
Foreign exchange and other movements                                         –                 –                 (2)               –                –                  1                    –            (1)
At 26 February 2022                                                       (352)             (108)              (451)              39               45                  6                  (4)         (825)
(a) Property-related items include a deferred tax liability on rolled-over gains of £423m (2021: £305m), deferred tax assets on capital losses of £248m (2021: £187m) and deferred tax assets on IFRS 16
    balances of £238m (2021: £267m). The remaining balance relates to accelerated tax depreciation.
(b) The deferred tax liability on retirement benefits is the net of a deferred tax asset of £275m arising from additional contributions paid in the prior year and the deferred tax liability related to the
    pension surplus of £726m (refer to Note 30).

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the Group has a legally enforceable right to do so. The following is the analysis of the deferred
tax balances after offset:
                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  £m                    £m
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                                85                 552
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                         (910)                 (48)
                                                                                                                                                                                (825)                 504

No deferred tax liability is recognised on temporary differences of £4bn (2021 restated: £4bn) relating to the unremitted earnings of overseas
subsidiaries and joint ventures as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of these temporary differences and it is probable that
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The deferred tax on unremitted earnings at 26 February 2022 is estimated to be £5m (2021: £5m)
which relates to taxes payable on repatriation and dividend withholding taxes levied by overseas tax jurisdictions. UK tax legislation relating to
company distributions provides for exemption from tax for most repatriated profits, subject to certain exceptions.




                                                                                                                  TescoReport
                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                              and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                   Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                          2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  139                                           139
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 6 Taxation continued
      Unrecognised deferred tax assets
      Deferred tax assets in relation to continuing operations have not been recognised in respect of the following items (because it is not probable
      that future taxable profits will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits):
                                                                                                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                      £m                   £m
      Deductible temporary differences                                                                                                                                                 47                  40
      Tax losses                                                                                                                                                                      178                 183
                                                                                                                                                                                     225                  223

      As at 26 February 2022, the Group has unused trading tax losses from continuing operations of £590m (2021: £623m) available for offset against
      future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of £26m (2021: £19m) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
      recognised in respect of the remaining overseas tax losses of £564m (2021: £604m) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
      Due to recent rule changes there are no losses that will expire included in unrecognised tax losses (2021: £555m of losses expiring between
      2025 and 2041).

      Changes in tax law or its interpretation
      The Group operates in a number of territories and so the Group’s profits are subject to tax in many jurisdictions. The Group monitors income tax
      developments in these territories which could affect the Group’s tax liabilities. The Group notes recent developments in relation to the OECD
      inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting but does not expect it to have a material impact on the Group’s tax charge.

      Note 7 Discontinued operations and assets classified as held for sale
      Assets and liabilities of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale
                                                                                                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                      £m                   £m
      Assets of the disposal group        (a)
                                                                                                                                                                                        11                404
      Non-current assets classified as held for sale(b)                                                                                                                              357                   201
      Total assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                                                                                          368                  605
      Liabilities of the disposal group(a)                                                                                                                                            (14)                (276)
      Total net assets of the disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale                                                                                      354                  329
      (a) The disposal group as at 26 February 2022, including £(14)m of net debt (2021: £(141)m), relates to residual properties and leases with respect to the Group’s operation in Poland. Balances as at 27
          February 2021 were with respect to the Group’s operation in Poland.
      (b) The assets classified as held for sale consist mainly of properties in the UK, Poland and Central Europe due to be sold within one year.


      Discontinued operations
      Income statement of discontinued operations
                                                                                                             2022                                                          2021
                                                                                                                                                  Thailand
                                                                                              Poland             Other             Total      and Malaysia           Poland            Other              Total
                                                                                                  £m               £m                £m                 £m               £m              £m                 £m
      Revenue                                                                                      32                 –              32             3,932               974                  –          4,906
      Operating costs(a)                                                                          (34)                –             (34)           (3,492)             (982)                 –         (4,474)
      Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                                             (2)                –              (2)             440                 (8)                 –            432
      Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and
      associates                                                                                    –                 –                –                 9                  –              –                 9
      Finance (costs)/income                                                                        –                 –                –              (26)                (19)             –              (45)
      Adjusted profit/(loss) before tax                                                            (2)                –               (2)            423                 (27)              –              396
      Taxation                                                                                      –                 –                –              (84)                 (3)             –               (87)
      Adjusted profit/(loss) after tax                                                             (2)                –               (2)            339                (30)               –              309
      Loss on disposal of Poland                                                                  (23)                –              (23)                –                  –              –                 –
      Homeplus (Korea) claims settlement(b)                                                         –               (33)             (33)                –                  –            (88)             (88)
      Other adjusting items(c)(d)                                                                   3                 4                 7               (3)              (56)              –               (59)
      Tax on adjusting items(e)                                                                     –                 11               11                –                  –              –                 –
      Profit after tax on disposal of Thailand and Malaysia                                         –                 –                –           5,264                    –              –            5,264
      Total adjusting items                                                                      (20)               (18)            (38)           5,261                (56)             (88)            5,117
      Total profit/(loss) after tax of discontinued operations                                   (22)               (18)            (40)           5,600                (86)             (88)           5,426
      (a) Operating costs include £nil depreciation and amortisation charges (2021: £(20)m).
      (b) £(33)m relates to the claims settlement from Homeplus (Korea) purchasers (2021: £(88)m).
      (c) Other adjusting items of £7m in the current year includes £4m reversal of accruals relating to legal costs and £3m fair value remeasurement of non-current assets classified as held for sale.
      (d) Other adjusting items of £(59)m in the prior year relates to £(7)m of net restructuring and redundancy costs, £(43)m of net impairment loss on non-current assets, £5m fair value remeasurement
          of non-current assets classified as held for sale, £(8)m loss on disposal of surplus properties and £(6)m of other corporate activity costs.
      (e) £11m tax on adjusting items relates to the reduction of withholding tax paid at the time of the sale relating to the Homeplus claim (2021: £nil).

      On 18 June 2020, the Group reached agreement on the terms of a proposed corporate sale of its business in Poland, which was previously
      presented in the Group’s Central Europe segment. The assets and liabilities related to the Group’s Poland operation, as well as certain other
      properties that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale during the year ended 27 February 2021, were presented within discontinued
      operations. The corporate disposal completed on 16 March 2021.




140   Tesco
      140 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                     statements




The loss after tax for the Poland corporate sale comprises the following:
                                                                                                                                                                                   £m
Gross proceeds(a)                                                                                                                                                                 139
Costs to sell(b)                                                                                                                                                                   (12)
Net proceeds                                                                                                                                                                      127
Net book value of assets disposed
  Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                                                                               (3)
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                   (212)
  Right of use assets                                                                                                                                                              (69)
  Inventories                                                                                                                                                                      (59)
  Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                                       (15)
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                         (13)
  Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                                         105
  Borrowings                                                                                                                                                                         57
  Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                                 110
  Provisions                                                                                                                                                                         15
Net book value of assets and liabilities disposed                                                                                                                                 (84)
Currency translation reserve reclassified to income statement                                                                                                                      (66)
Loss before and after tax on disposal                                                                                                                                              (23)
(a) Proceeds include £106m with respect to intercompany debt settled by the purchaser upon completion.
(b) Total costs associated with the sale of the business amounted to £(18)m, of which £(6)m was expensed in the prior financial year.

The disposal of the operations in Poland has reduced Net debt by £276m. This comprises £110m lease liabilities disposed and £166m net cash
inflows, consisting of £139m proceeds less £(5)m received in the prior year, £57m reduction in overdrafts less £(13)m cash disposed, and £(12)m
cash costs to sell. The total cash flows associated with the disposal are presented in ‘disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed’, within
investing cash flows.
During the year £5m was paid in relation to legal fees for the sale of the Asia business, expensed in the year ended 27 February 2021.

Cash flow statement
                                                                                                                            2022                             2021
                                                                                                                                               Thailand
                                                                                                                                Poland     and Malaysia          Poland           Total
                                                                                                                                    £m               £m              £m             £m
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                            (6)           225                (38)        187
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                            43             (811)               (9)     (820)
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                             (2)           (42)               (15)       (57)
Net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                         35           (628)               (62)     (690)

In the prior year, the profit after tax on disposal of the Group’s Thailand and Malaysia operations was £5,264m. The disposal of the Asia operations
and use of proceeds reduced Net debt by £525m, consisting of £765m of lease liabilities disposed and total cash flows associated with the
disposal of £(240)m. The £(240)m cash flow included gross proceeds of £7,938m, cash and cash equivalents disposed of £(464)m excluding
intercompany loans repaid prior to closing, net intercompany loans repaid of £(249)m, additional contribution into the defined benefit pension
scheme of £(2,500)m, £(4,916)m special dividends paid to equity holders and other associated cash flows. The £(240)m total cash flows were
presented £(2,474)m in operating cash flows, £7,098m in investing cash flows and £(4,864)m in financing cash flows.

Note 8 Dividends
                                                                                                                                    2022                              2021
                                                                                                                          Pence/share             £m        Pence/share            £m
Amounts recognised as distributions to owners in the financial year:
Paid prior financial year final dividend(a)                                                                                        5.95          458             6.50          634
Paid interim dividend(b)                                                                                                           3.20          246             3.20          310
Paid special dividend(c)                                                                                                              –            –            50.93        4,948
Dividends paid to equity owners in the financial year                                                                              9.15          704            60.63        5,892

Proposed final dividend at financial year end                                                                                      7.70          588                5.95          460
(a) Excludes £2m prior financial year final dividend waived (2021: £3m).
(b) Excludes £1m interim dividend waived (2021: £3m).
(c) Excludes £nil special dividend waived (2021: £43m).

The proposed final dividend was approved by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2022 and is subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM.
The proposed dividend has not been included as a liability as at 26 February 2022, in accordance with IAS 10 ‘Events after the reporting period’.
It will be paid on 24 June 2022 to shareholders who are on the Register of members at close of business on 20 May 2022.
A dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) is available to shareholders who would prefer to invest their dividends in the shares of the Company. For
those shareholders electing to receive the DRIP, the last date for receipt of a new election is 7 June 2022.
The Group has a share forfeiture programme following the completion of a tracing and notification exercise to any shareholders who have not
had contact with Tesco PLC over the past 12 years, in accordance with the provisions set out in the Company’s Articles of Association. £nil (2021:
£nil) of unclaimed dividends in relation to these shares have been adjusted for in retained earnings. Refer to Note 31 for further details.




                                                                                                               TescoReport
                                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                           and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                       2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                               141                         141
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 9 Earnings/(losses) per share and diluted earnings/(losses) per share
      Basic earnings/(losses) per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted
      average number of Ordinary shares in issue during the financial year, excluding own shares held. The share consolidation and special dividend in
      2021 and the share buyback programme commencing in 2022 affect earnings per share on a prospective basis, with comparatives not restated.
      Diluted earnings/(losses) per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted
      average number of Ordinary shares in issue during the financial year adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive options. The dilutive effect is
      calculated on the full exercise of all potentially dilutive Ordinary share options granted by the Group, including performance-based options which
      the Group considers to have been earned.
      For the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022 there were 88 million (2021: 27 million) potentially dilutive share options. As the Group has recognised
      a profit for the year from its continuing operations, dilutive effects have been considered in calculating diluted earnings per share.
                                                                                                               2022                               2021(a)
                                                                                                                Potentially                          Potentially
                                                                                                            dilutive share                       dilutive share
                                                                                                Basic              options    Diluted    Basic          options      Diluted
      Profit/(loss) (£m)
      Continuing operations(b)                                                                  1,521                   –      1,521      539                 –        539
      Discontinued operations(c)                                                                  (40)                  –        (40)    5,415                –       5,415
      Total                                                                                    1,481                    –     1,481     5,954                 –      5,954
      Weighted average number of shares (millions)                                            7,658                    88     7,746     9,629                27      9,656
      Earnings/(losses) per share (pence)
      Continuing operations                                                                    19.86                (0.22)    19.64      5.60           (0.02)        5.58
      Discontinued operations                                                                 (0.52)                    –     (0.52)    56.23            (0.15)      56.08
      Total                                                                                   19.34                (0.22)     19.12     61.83            (0.17)      61.66
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) Excludes profits/(losses) from non-controlling interests of £2m (2021: £(7)m).
      (c) Excludes profits from non-controlling interests of £nil (2021: £11m).


      APM: Adjusted diluted earnings/(losses) per share
                                                                                                                                                   52 weeks        52 weeks
      Continuing operations                                                                                                             Notes          2022            2021(a)
      Profit/(loss) before tax (£m)                                                                                                                   2,033             636
      Less: adjusting items (£m)                                                                                                           4              164           498
      Adjusted profit before tax (£m)                                                                                                                 2,197           1,134
      Adjusted profit before tax attributable to the owners of the parent (£m)(b)                                                                      2,195            1,141
      Taxation on adjusted profit before tax attributable to the owners of the parent (£m)(c)                                                           (502)          (249)
      Adjusted profit after tax attributable to the owners of the parent (£m)                                                                          1,693            892

      Basic weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                                              7,658          9,629
      Adjusted basic earnings per share (pence)                                                                                                       22.11           9.26

      Diluted weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                                            7,746          9,656
      Adjusted diluted earnings per share (pence)                                                                                                     21.86           9.24
      (a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
      (b) Excludes profit before tax attributable to non-controlling interests of £2m (2021: £(7)m).
      (c) Excludes tax charges on losses attributable to non-controlling interests of £nil (2021: £nil).

      Refer to page 210 in the Glossary for the Group’s APM Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation).




142   Tesco
      142 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                                 statements




Note 10 Goodwill and other intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                                                                                       Customer              intangible
                                                                                                              Goodwill             Software(a)      relationships                assets                Total
                                                                                                                  £m                    £m                    £m                    £m                   £m
Cost
At 27 February 2021                                                                                             4,719                 1,837                   718                 395                7,669
Foreign currency translation                                                                                        –                      1                    –                    1                    2
Additions                                                                                                           –                    227                    –                    2                 229
Acquired through business combinations(b)                                                                          20                     18                    –                    –                   38
Disposals                                                                                                           –                   (182)                   –                   (2)                (184)
At 26 February 2022                                                                                             4,739                 1,901                   718                 396                7,754
Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses
At 27 February 2021                                                                                               448                 1,305                  224                  299                2,276
Foreign currency translation                                                                                        –                       2                  –                    –                     2
Charge for the year(c)                                                                                              –                   209                   76                    2                  287
Impairment losses(d)                                                                                                –                      17                  –                     1                   18
Reversal of impairment losses(d)                                                                                    –                      (7)                 –                    (1)                  (8)
Reclassification                                                                                                    –                      (2)                 –                    2                     –
Disposals                                                                                                           –                   (180)                  –                    (1)                (181)
At 26 February 2022                                                                                               448                 1,344                  300                  302                2,394

Net carrying value
At 26 February 2022                                                                                             4,291                   557                  418                    94               5,360
At 27 February 2021                                                                                             4,271                   532                  494                    96               5,393
(a) Software includes £396m (2021: £305m) net carrying value of internally generated development costs.
(b) On 4 May 2021, the Group acquired Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 34 for further details. In the prior year, the Group acquired Best Food Logistics.
(c) Of the £78m (2021: £81m) amortisation of customer relationships and other intangible assets, £76m (2021: £76m) has been included within adjusting items. £75m (2021: £75m) of this balance arises from
    amortisation of intangible assets recognised upon the Booker acquisition and £1m (2021: £1m) relates to the amortisation of intangible assets recognised upon the acquisition of Best Food Logistics.
(d) Refer to Note 15.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                                                                                       Customer              intangible
                                                                                                              Goodwill             Software(a)      relationships                assets                Total
                                                                                                                  £m                    £m                    £m                    £m                   £m
Cost
At 29 February 2020                                                                                              5,477                1,868                   715                 458                8,518
Foreign currency translation                                                                                         3                     –                    –                     (1)                2
Additions                                                                                                            –                  200                     –                      1               201
Acquired through business combinations(b)                                                                            1                     –                    3                      1                 5
Reclassification                                                                                                     –                    49                    –                  (49)                  –
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                            (762)                  (86)                   –                     –               (848)
Disposals                                                                                                            –                  (194)                   –                   (15)              (209)
At 27 February 2021                                                                                              4,719                1,837                   718                 395                7,669
Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses
At 29 February 2020                                                                                                637                1,324                  148                  331                2,440
Foreign currency translation                                                                                         5                     (3)                 –                      2                     4
Charge for the year(c)                                                                                               –                   198                  76                      5                  279
Impairment losses(d)                                                                                               295                    24                   –                    10                  329
Reversal of impairment losses(d)                                                                                     –                     (9)                 –                     (7)                  (16)
Reclassification                                                                                                     –                    35                   –                   (35)                     –
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                            (489)                  (70)                  –                      –                (559)
Disposals                                                                                                            –                  (194)                  –                     (7)                (201)
At 27 February 2021                                                                                                448                1,305                  224                  299                2,276
Refer to previous table for footnotes.




                                                                                                                  TescoReport
                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                              and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                   Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                          2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  143                                            143
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 11 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                          Land and
                                                                                                                                                          buildings               Other(a)              Total
                                                                                                                                                                £m                  £m                    £m
      Cost
      At 27 February 2021 (restated(b))                                                                                                                    21,653                5,743              27,396
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                                             (76)                 (15)                 (91)
      Additions(c)(d)                                                                                                                                         992                  595                1,587
      Acquired through business combinations(e)                                                                                                                  –                    1                    1
      Reclassification(f)                                                                                                                                      (72)                   –                  (72)
      Transfers to assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                        (446)                  (17)               (463)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                (74)               (658)                (732)
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                  21,977                5,649              27,626
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
      At 27 February 2021 (restated(b))                                                                                                                     6,554                3,897              10,451
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                                             (25)                 (10)                 (35)
      Charge for the year                                                                                                                                     426                  467                  893
      Impairment losses(g)                                                                                                                                     417                  89                 506
      Reversal of impairment losses(g)                                                                                                                       (324)                 (43)                (367)
      Transfers to assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                         (163)                  (6)                (169)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                 (71)              (642)                 (713)
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                   6,814                3,752              10,566

      Net carrying value
      At 26 February 2022(h)                                                                                                                                15,163                1,897             17,060
      At 29 February 2021 (restated(b))                                                                                                                     15,099                1,846              16,945

      Construction in progress included above(i)
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                        97                 212                 309
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                                        77                 210                 287
      (a) Other assets consist of fixtures and fittings with a net carrying value of £1,387m (2021: £1,349m), office equipment with a net carrying value of £200m (2021: £214m) and motor vehicles with a net
          carrying value of £310m (2021: £283m).
      (b) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1.
      (c) Includes £584m of land and buildings related to obtaining control of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership, which was impaired by £(62)m on acquisition (2021: £310m of land and buildings related
          to obtaining control of The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited Partnership, which was impaired by £(2)m on acquisition). The £584m (2021: £310m) additions comprised £584m (2021: £326m) cost of
          acquisition offset by £nil (2021: £16m) of historical deferred profit. Refer to Note 34.
      (d) Includes £37m (2021: £209m) relating to other property buyback transactions.
      (e) Assets recognised on acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 34.
      (f) £72m transferred to investment property subsequent to signing of sublease agreements with third parties.
      (g) Refer to Note 15.
      (h) Includes £2,231m (2021: £2,099m) of assets pledged as security for secured bonds (refer to Note 24) and £914m (2021: £826m) of property held as security in favour of the Tesco PLC Pension
          Scheme (refer to Note 30).
      (i) Construction in progress does not include land.
                                                                                                                                                          Land and
                                                                                                                                                          buildings               Other(a)              Total
                                                                                                                                                                £m                  £m                    £m
      Cost
      At 29 February 2020 (restated(b))                                                                                                                    24,693                6,925              31,618
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                                              (38)                 (15)               (53)
      Additions(c)(d)                                                                                                                                           731                 623               1,354
      Acquired through business combinations                                                                                                                      8                    4                  12
      Transfers (to)/from assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                     29                    –                 29
      Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                                                (3,642)              (1,415)             (5,057)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                (128)               (379)               (507)
      At 27 February 2021 (restated(b))                                                                                                                    21,653                5,743              27,396
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
      At 29 February 2020 (restated(b))                                                                                                                     7,745                4,716               12,461
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                                              (15)                  (10)               (25)
      Charge for the year                                                                                                                                      429                  489                  918
      Impairment losses(g)                                                                                                                                     323                   107                430
      Reversal of impairment losses(g)                                                                                                                        (485)                  (47)              (532)
      Transfers (to)/from assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                     15                     –                 15
      Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                                                (1,386)                (987)             (2,373)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                 (72)                (371)              (443)
      At 27 February 2021 (restated(b))                                                                                                                     6,554                3,897              10,451
      Net carrying value (restated(b))                                                                                                                     15,099                1,846              16,945
      Refer to previous table for footnotes.




144   Tesco
      144 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                       statements




Note 12 Leases
Group as lessee
Lease liabilities represent rentals payable by the Group for certain retail, distribution and office properties and other assets such as motor
vehicles. The leases have varying terms, purchase options, escalation clauses and renewal rights. Purchase options and renewal rights, where
they occur, are at market value. Escalation clauses are in line with market practices and include inflation-linked, fixed rates, resets to market
rents and hybrids of these.
In prior years, the Group entered into several joint ventures, and sold and leased back properties to and from these joint ventures over 20 to 30-
year terms. On certain transactions, the Group has an option to buy back either the leased asset or the equity of the other party, at market value
and at a specified date, typically at year 10. On some of these transactions the Group also has a lease-break option, which is exercisable if the
buyback option is exercised and the associated debt in the joint venture is repaid. The lease liability in respect of these leases assumes that the
lease-break option is not exercised.
On 17 December 2021, the Group obtained control of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership (2021: The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited Partnership
on 18 September 2020), previously accounted for as a joint venture, through the acquisition of the other partner’s 50% interest, at which point
the associated property leases from the joint venture became intercompany leases. Refer to Note 34 for further details.
Right of use assets
                                                                                                                                               Land and
                                                                                                                                               buildings               Other         Total
                                                                                                                                                     £m                  £m            £m
Net carrying value at 27 February 2021                                                                                                           5,866                    85       5,951
Additions                                                                                                                                           544                   39         583
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                                                                   (497)                 (40)       (537)
Impairment losses(a)                                                                                                                                (195)                  –         (195)
Reversal of impairment losses(a)                                                                                                                    234                    –         234
Derecognition on acquisition of property joint venture (Note 34)                                                                                  (243)                    –        (243)
Other movements(b)                                                                                                                                   (75)                  2          (73)
Net carrying value at 26 February 2022                                                                                                           5,634                    86       5,720
(a) Refer to Note 15.
(b) Other movements include lease terminations, modifications and reassessments, foreign exchange, reclassifications between asset classes and entering into finance subleases.
                                                                                                                                               Land and
                                                                                                                                               buildings               Other         Total
                                                                                                                                                     £m                  £m            £m
Net carrying value at 29 February 2020                                                                                                           6,734                  140        6,874
Additions (including through business combinations)                                                                                                 308                   42         350
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                                                                    (517)                (49)       (566)
Impairment losses(a)                                                                                                                               (225)                   –        (225)
Reversal of impairment losses(a)                                                                                                                    230                    –         230
Derecognition on acquisition of property joint venture                                                                                             (130)                   –         (130)
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale                                                                                             (724)                (20)        (744)
Other movements(b)                                                                                                                                  190                  (28)         162
Net carrying value at 27 February 2021                                                                                                           5,866                    85       5,951
Refer to previous table for footnotes.

Lease liabilities
The following tables show the discounted lease liabilities included in the Group balance sheet and a maturity analysis of the contractual
undiscounted lease payments:
                                                                                                                                                                        2022          2021
                                                                                                                                                                         £m            £m
Current                                                                                                                                                                 547           575
Non-current                                                                                                                                                            7,411        7,827
Total lease liabilities                                                                                                                                               7,958        8,402


                                                                                                                                                                        2022          2021
Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted lease payments                                                                                                              £m            £m
Within one year                                                                                                                                                         934           969
Greater than one year but less than two years                                                                                                                            911          939
Greater than two years but less than three years                                                                                                                        863           912
Greater than three years but less than four years                                                                                                                       840           867
Greater than four years but less than five years                                                                                                                        820           841
Greater than five years but less than ten years                                                                                                                      3,407          3,597
Greater than ten years but less than fifteen years                                                                                                                    2,223         2,443
After fifteen years                                                                                                                                                    1,517        1,959
Total undiscounted lease payments                                                                                                                                    11,515        12,527

A reconciliation of the Group’s opening to closing lease liabilities balance is presented in Note 33.
Amounts recognised in the Group income statement
                                                                                                                                                                   52 weeks       52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                                       2022           2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                                                           405           446
Variable payment expenses not included in lease liabilities                                                                                                               –              1
Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                                                                                   26             17
Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (excluding amounts already included in short-term leases above)                                                           1              1



                                                                                                            TescoReport
                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                        and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                             Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                    2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                            145                              145
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 12 Leases continued
      Amounts recognised in the Group cash flow statement
                                                                                                                                      52 weeks        52 weeks
                                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                                           £m              £m
      Total cash outflow for leases*                                                                                                      982            1,109
      * Includes £5m (2021: £5m) related to Tesco Bank.

      Future possible cash outflows not included in the lease liability
      Some leases contain break clauses or extension options to provide operational flexibility. Potential future undiscounted lease payments not
      included in the reasonably certain lease term, and hence not included in lease liabilities, total £9.5bn (2021: £10.8bn).
      Future increases or decreases in rentals linked to an index or rate are not included in the lease liability until the change in cash flows takes effect.
      Approximately 75% (2021: 75%) of the Group’s lease liabilities are subject to inflation-linked rentals and a further 16% (2021: 15%) are subject to
      rent reviews. Rental changes linked to inflation or rent reviews typically occur on an annual or five-yearly basis.
      The Group is committed to payments totalling £54m (2021: £36m) in relation to leases that have been signed but have not yet commenced.

      Group as lessor
      The Group leases out owned properties and sublets leased properties under operating and finance leases. Such properties include malls, mall
      units, stores, units within stores, distribution centres and residential properties.
      Amounts recognised in the Group income statement
                                                                                                                                      52 weeks        52 weeks
                                                                                                                                          2022            2021
      Continuing operations                                                                                                                £m              £m
      Finance lease – interest income(a)                                                                                                    5               5
      Operating lease – rental income(b)                                                                                                   90              85
      (a) Includes £4m (2021: £5m) of sublease interest income.
      (b) Includes £20m (2021: £22m) of sublease rental income.

      Finance lease payments receivable
      The finance lease receivable (net investment in the lease) included in the Group balance sheet is £81m (2021: £86m).
      Operating lease payments receivable maturity analysis
                                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                                           £m              £m
      Within one year                                                                                                                      68              74
      Greater than one year but less than two years                                                                                        87              52
      Greater than two years but less than three years                                                                                     67              41
      Greater than three years but less than four years                                                                                    49              32
      Greater than four years but less than five years                                                                                     33              24
      Greater than five years but less than ten years                                                                                      58              70
      Greater than ten years but less than fifteen years                                                                                   23              38
      After fifteen years                                                                                                                  49              65
      Total undiscounted operating lease payments receivable                                                                              434             396

      Note 13 Investment property
                                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                                           £m              £m
      Cost
      At the beginning of the year                                                                                                          93            100
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                          (3)              1
      Reclassification                                                                                                                      72              (4)
      Transfers from assets classified as held for sale                                                                                      8               1
      Disposals                                                                                                                            (72)             (5)
      At the end of the year                                                                                                               98              93
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
      At the beginning of the year                                                                                                         74              74
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                                         (3)               1
      Charge for the year                                                                                                                    1               1
      Impairment losses for the year*                                                                                                       6               2
      Reversal of impairment losses for the year*                                                                                           (1)            (2)
      Reclassification                                                                                                                      –              (2)
      Transfers from assets classified as held for sale                                                                                     –                1
      Disposals                                                                                                                             (1)             (1)
      At the end of the year                                                                                                               76              74
      Net carrying value at the end of the year                                                                                            22              19

      Rental income earned from investment properties under operating leases                                                                10               7
      * Refer to Note 15.

      The estimated fair value of the Group’s investment property is £0.1bn (2021: £0.1bn). This fair value has been determined by applying an
      appropriate rental yield to the rentals earned by the investment property. A valuation has not been performed by an independent valuer.




146   Tesco
      146 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                                                                                             statements




Note 14 Group entities
The Group consists of the ultimate Parent Company, Tesco PLC, and a number of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates held directly or
indirectly by Tesco PLC. See pages 199 to 203 for a complete list of Group entities.

Subsidiaries
The accounting year ends of the subsidiaries consolidated in these financial statements are on or around 26 February 2022.

Consolidated structured entities
The Group has a number of securitisation structured entities established in connection with Tesco Bank’s credit card securitisation transactions.
Although none of the equity of these entities is owned by the Group, the Group has rights to variable returns from its involvement with these
entities and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over them under contractual agreements. As such, these entities are
effectively controlled by the Group, and are therefore accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group.
These entities have financial year ends of 31 December. The management accounts of these entities are used to consolidate the results to
26 February 2022 within these financial statements.

Unconsolidated structured entities
In prior years, the Group sponsored a number of structured entities. The Group led the formation of the entities and its name appears in the
name of the entities and/or on the debt issued by the entities. The structured entities were set up to finance property purchases by some of the
UK property joint ventures in which the Group typically holds a 50% equity interest. The structured entities obtain debt financing from third-party
investors and lend the funds to these joint ventures, who use the funds to purchase the properties.
The liabilities of the UK property joint ventures include the loans due to these structured entities. The Group’s exposure to the structured entities
is limited to the extent of the Group’s interests in the joint ventures. The liabilities of the structured entities are non-recourse to the Group.
The Group concluded that it does not control, and therefore should not consolidate, these structured entities since it does not have power over
the relevant activities of the structured entities, or exposure to variable returns from these entities.

Interests in joint ventures and associates
Principal joint ventures and associates
The Group’s principal joint ventures and associates are:
                                                                                                   Share of issued share
                                                     Nature of          Business                   capital, loan capital   Country of      Principal area
                                                     relationship       activity                   and debt securities     incorporation   of operation
Included in ‘UK property joint ventures’:
The Tesco Coral Limited Partnership                  Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      England         United Kingdom
The Tesco Blue Limited Partnership                   Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      England         United Kingdom
The Tesco Passaic Limited Partnership                Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      England         United Kingdom
The Tesco Navona Limited Partnership                 Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      England         United Kingdom
The Tesco Dorney Limited Partnership                 Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      England         United Kingdom
The Arena Unit Trust                                 Joint venture      Property investment       50%                      Jersey          United Kingdom

Included in ‘Other joint ventures
and associates’:
Tesco Mobile Limited                                 Joint venture      Telecommunications        50%                      England         United Kingdom
Booker India Limited                                 Joint venture      Retail                    49%                      India           India
Trent Hypermarket Private Limited                    Joint venture      Retail                    50%                      India           India

The accounting period end dates of the joint ventures and associates consolidated in these financial statements range from 31 December 2021
to 26 February 2022. The accounting period end dates of joint ventures differ from those of the Group for commercial reasons and depend
upon the requirements of the joint venture partner as well as those of the Group. The accounting period end dates of the associates are
different from those of the Group as they depend upon the requirements of the parent companies of those entities.
There are no significant restrictions on the ability of joint ventures and associates to transfer funds to the parents, other than those imposed by
the Companies Act 2006 or equivalent local regulations.
The UK property joint ventures involve the Group partnering with third parties in carrying out some property investments in order to enhance
returns from property and access funding, while reducing risks associated with sole ownership. These property investments generally cover
shopping centres and standalone stores. The Group enters into leases for some or all of the properties held in the joint ventures. These leases
provide the Group with some rights over alterations and adjacent land developments. Some leases also provide the Group with options to
purchase the other joint venturers’ equity stakes at a future point in time. In some cases the Group has the ability to substitute properties in
the joint ventures with alternative properties of similar value, subject to strict eligibility criteria. In other cases, the Group carries out property
management activities for third-party rentals of shopping centre units.
The property investment activities are carried out in separate entities, usually partnerships or limited liability companies. The Group has assessed
its ability to direct the relevant activities of these entities and any impact on Group returns and concluded that the entities qualify as joint
ventures since decisions regarding them require the unanimous consent of both equity holders. This assessment included not only rights within
the joint venture agreements, but also any rights within other contractual arrangements between the Group and the entities.




                                                                                        TescoReport
                                                                            Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                    and Report andStatements
                                                                                                         Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                2022 2022
                                                                                                                                        147                 147
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 14 Group entities continued
      The Group made a number of judgements in arriving at this determination, the key ones being:
      – since the provisions of the joint venture agreements require the relevant decisions impacting investor returns to be either unanimously agreed
        by both joint venturers at the same time, or in some cases to be agreed sequentially by each venturer at different stages, there is joint decision
        making within the joint venture;
      – since the Group’s leases are priced at fair value, and any rights embedded in the leases are consistent with market practice, they do not
        provide the Group with additional control over the joint ventures nor do they infer an obligation by the Group to fund the settlement of
        liabilities of the joint ventures;
      – any options to purchase the other joint venturers’ equity stakes are priced at market value, and only exercisable at future dates, hence they
        do not provide control to the Group at the current time;
      – where the Group has a right to substitute properties in the joint ventures, the rights are strictly limited and are at fair value, hence do not
        provide control to the Group; and
      – where the Group carries out property management activities for third-party rentals in shopping centres, these additional activities are
        controlled through joint venture agreements or lease agreements, and do not provide the Group with additional powers over the joint venture.
      During the financial year, the Group obtained control of Tesco Underwriting Limited, which was previously accounted for as a joint venture,
      through the acquisition of the other partner's 50.1% interest. The Group also obtained control of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership, which
      was previously accounted for as a joint venture, through the acquisition of the other partner’s 50% interest. Refer to Note 34 for further details.

      Summarised financial information for joint ventures and associates
      The summarised financial information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the relevant joint ventures and
      associates, and not the Group’s share of those amounts. These amounts have been adjusted to conform to the Group’s accounting policies
      where required. The summarised financial information for UK property joint ventures has been aggregated in order to provide useful information
      to users without excessive detail, since these entities have similar characteristics and risk profiles largely based on their nature of activities and
      geographic market.
                                                                                                                                                                           UK property joint ventures
                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   £m                  £m
      Summarised balance sheet
      Non-current assets(a)                                                                                                                                                      2,480               2,916
      Current assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents)                                                                                                                           31                 50
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                      37                 27
      Current liabilities(b)                                                                                                                                                       (316)              (420)
      Non-current liabilities(b)                                                                                                                                                (2,907)             (3,229)
      Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                                                                    (675)               (656)

      Summarised income statement
      Revenue                                                                                                                                                                      232                 250
      Profit/(loss) after tax(c)                                                                                                                                                     –                   –

      Reconciliation to carrying amounts:
      Opening balance                                                                                                                                                                –                     –
      Share of profits/(losses)(d)                                                                                                                                                  20                    14
      Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                        (20)                  (14)
      Closing balance                                                                                                                                                                –                     –

      Group’s share in ownership                                                                                                                                                  50%                 50%
      Group’s share of net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                                                   (338)               (328)
      Deferred property profits offset against carrying amounts                                                                                                                    (60)                (60)
      Cumulative unrecognised losses(d)                                                                                                                                             179                205
      Cumulative unrecognised hedge reserves(d)                                                                                                                                     219                 183
      Carrying amount                                                                                                                                                                 –                   –
      (a) The non-current asset balances of UK property joint ventures are reflected at historical depreciated cost to conform to the Group’s accounting policies. The aggregate fair values in the financial
          statements of the UK property joint ventures are £3,666m (2021: £3,939m).
      (b) The current and non-current liabilities of UK property joint ventures largely comprise loan balances of £(2,733)m (2021: £(3,235)m) and derivative swap balances of £(435)m (2021: £(363)m) entered
          into to hedge the cash flow variability exposures of the joint ventures.
      (c) Profit/(loss) after tax includes £20m (2021: £42m) of interest cost.
      (d) The share of profit for the year for UK property joint ventures related to £20m dividends received from joint ventures with £nil carrying amounts. £11m of profit and £49m of decrease in the fair
          values of derivatives arising from these entities have been included in cumulative unrecognised losses and cumulative unrecognised hedge reserves respectively.

      As at 26 February 2022, the Group has £105m (2021: £101m) loans to UK property joint ventures.

      Other joint ventures and associates
      The Group also has interests in a number of individually immaterial joint ventures and associates excluding UK property joint ventures.
                                                                                                                                       Joint ventures                              Associates
                                                                                                                                        2022                 2021                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                          £m                  £m                    £m                  £m
      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures and associates                                                  86                  168                     –                  10
      Group’s share of profits/(losses) for the year                                                                                      (5)                   1                     –                   11




148   Tesco
      148 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                             statements




Note 15 Impairment of non-current assets
Impairment losses and reversals
No impairment of goodwill was recognised in the current year (2021: £295m impairment of goodwill associated with Tesco Bank).
The table below summarises the Group’s pre-tax impairment losses and reversals on other non-current assets and investments in joint
ventures and associates, with the former aggregated by segment due to the large number of individually immaterial store cash-generating units.
This includes any losses recognised immediately prior to classifying an asset or disposal group as held for sale but excludes all impairments post
classification as held for sale. There were no impairment losses or reversals in the year (2021: £nil) with respect to investments in joint ventures
and associates and no impairments in other non-current assets and investments in joint ventures and associates in Tesco Bank (2021: £nil).
All impairment losses and reversals are classified as adjusting items (2021: £128m net reversal).
                                                                                                 UK & ROI                       Central Europe                       Total                  Net
                                                                                         Impairment Impairment             Impairment Impairment           Impairment Impairment         Impairment
                                                                                                loss      reversal                loss      reversal              loss     reversal   (loss)/reversal
52 weeks ended 26 February 2022                                                                  £m            £m                  £m            £m                £m           £m               £m
Group balance sheet
Other intangible assets                                                                           (17)               8               (1)         –                 (18)         8                 (10)
Property, plant and equipment                                                                  (496)               319             (10)         48              (506)         367               (139)
Right of use assets                                                                             (183)             228              (12)          6               (195)        234                 39
Investment property                                                                                (6)               1               –           –                  (6)         1                  (5)
Total impairment (loss)/reversal of other non-current assets                                   (702)              556             (23)          54              (725)         610               (115)
Group income statement
Cost of sales – adjusting                                                                      (682)              536              (19)         25               (701)        561              (140)
Administrative expenses – adjusting                                                              (20)              20               (4)         29                (24)         49                25
Total impairment (loss)/reversal from continuing and                                           (702)              556             (23)          54              (725)         610              (115)
discontinued operations


                                                                                                   Total continuing
                                               UK & ROI                  Central Europe               operations                Discontinued operations       Total*                        Net
                                       Impairment Impairment        Impairment Impairment      Impairment Impairment           Impairment Impairment Impairment Impairment               Impairment
                                              loss      reversal           loss     reversal          loss     reversal               loss     reversal     loss     reversal         (loss)/reversal
52 weeks ended 27 February 2021                £m            £m             £m           £m            £m           £m                  £m          £m       £m           £m                     £m
Group balance sheet
Other intangible assets                        (32)           9               (2)          7              (34)            16             –          –               (34)        16               (18)
Property, plant and                           (341)          471            (23)          38             (364)           509           (66)        23             (430)        532              102
equipment
Right of use assets                          (209)           229             (16)         1           (225)              230            –           –             (225)        230                5
Investment property                             (2)             2              –          –              (2)               2            –           –                (2)         2                –
Total impairment                             (584)            711           (41)         46          (625)               757          (66)         23             (691)        780               89
(loss)/reversal of other
non-current assets
Group income statement
Cost of sales – non-adjusting                    (2)           –              –            –                (2)            –               –           –             (2)         –                 (2)
Cost of sales – adjusting                    (534)           657            (41)          46             (575)           703               –           –          (575)        703               128
Administrative expenses –                      (48)           54              –            –              (48)            54               –           –           (48)         54                  6
non-adjusting
Administrative expenses –                        –             –              –            –                –             –                –           –              –           –                –
adjusting
Total impairment                             (584)           711            (41)         46          (625)               757               –           –         (625)         757              132
(loss)/reversal from
continuing operations
Discontinued operations                          –             –              –            –                –             –                –           –              –           –                –
– non-adjusting
Discontinued operations                          –             –              –            –                –             –            (66)        23              (66)         23               (43)
– adjusting
Total impairment                             (584)           711            (41)         46          (625)               757          (66)         23             (691)        780               89
(loss)/reversal
* Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

The net impairment loss in UK & ROI includes an impairment loss of £62m in the UK in respect of the Group obtaining control of The Tesco Sarum
Limited Partnership (2021: £2m impairment loss in the UK & ROI in respect of the Group obtaining control of The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited
Partnership). Refer to Note 34 for further details.
The remaining other non-current assets impairment losses and reversals for the Group largely reflect normal fluctuations expected from
store-level performance, property fair values and changes in discount rates, as well as any specific store closures.




                                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                             149                                         149
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 15 Impairment of non-current assets continued
      Net carrying value of non-current assets
      The net carrying values of other non-current assets and recoverable amounts of impaired other non-current assets for which an impairment loss
      has been recognised or reversed have been aggregated by segment due to the large number of individually immaterial store cash-generating
      units. The amounts below exclude assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale.
                                                                                                                                 UK & ROI       Central Europe   Tesco Bank      Total
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                             £m                    £m          £m         £m
      Net carrying value
      Other intangible assets                                                                                                        909                   31          129      1,069
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               15,538                1,454           68     17,060
      Right of use assets                                                                                                          5,355                  354            11     5,720
      Investment property                                                                                                              14                   8            –          22
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                    21,816               1,847          208      23,871
      Goodwill(a)                                                                                                                   3,791                   –         500        4,291
      Investments in joint ventures and associates(b)                                                                                 85                    1            –          86
      Net carrying value of non-current assets                                                                                   25,692                1,848          708     28,248
      Recoverable amount of impaired other non-current assets for which an impairment
      loss has been recognised or reversed, supported by:
      Value in use                                                                                                                 2,534                   78            –      2,612
      Fair value less costs of disposal(c)                                                                                          1,456                  51            –      1,507
                                                                                                                                   3,990                  129            –      4,119
      (a) Goodwill of £4,291m (2021: £4,271m) consists of UK £3,788m (2021: £3,789m), ROI £3m (2021: £2m) and Tesco Bank £500m (2021: £480m).
      (b) The carrying value of the Group’s investments includes Trent Hypermarket Private Limited £55m (2021: £53m).
      (c) Due to the individual nature of each property, fair values are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                                                 UK & ROI       Central Europe   Tesco Bank      Total
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                             £m                    £m          £m         £m
      Net carrying value
      Other intangible assets                                                                                                        959                   32           131      1,122
      Property, plant and equipment(d)                                                                                             15,113               1,767           65     16,945
      Right of use assets                                                                                                           5,571                368             12     5,951
      Investment property                                                                                                              18                   1             –         19
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                    21,661               2,168          208     24,037
      Goodwill(a)                                                                                                                   3,791                   –         480        4,271
      Investments in joint ventures and associates(b)                                                                                 84                    1           93         178
      Net carrying value of non-current assets                                                                                   25,536                2,169           781    28,486
      Recoverable amount of impaired other non-current assets for which an impairment
      loss has been recognised or reversed, supported by:
      Value in use                                                                                                                 2,365                  152            –      2,517
      Fair value less costs of disposal(c)                                                                                         1,400                  122            –      1,522
                                                                                                                                   3,765                  274            –     4,039
      (a)-(c) Refer to previous table for footnotes.
      (d) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

      Impairment methodology
      Cash-generating units
      The Group treats each store as a separate cash-generating unit for impairment testing of other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment,
      right of use assets and investment property. The Group allocates goodwill to groups of cash-generating units, where each country represents a
      group of cash-generating units for the Group’s retail operations, as this represents the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored by
      management. Tesco Bank represents a separate cash-generating unit.
      The recoverable amount of each store cash-generating unit is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. The
      recoverable amount of a group of cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated is determined based on value in use calculations.
      Head office and central assets such as distribution centres and associated costs are allocated to store cash-generating units based on level
      of use, estimated with reference to sales. Urban fulfilment centres and associated costs that are part of a store are included in the store
      cash–generating unit. Standalone customer fulfilment centres and associated costs are each treated as a separate cash-generating unit.
      Value in use
      Retail
      Estimates for value in use calculations include discount rates, long-term growth rates, expected changes to future cash flows, including volumes
      and prices, and the probabilities assigned to cash flow scenarios. Estimates are based on past experience and expectations of future changes in
      the market, including the prevailing economic climate and global economy, competitor activity, market dynamics, changing customer behaviours,
      structural challenges facing retail and the resilience afforded by the Group’s operational scale.
      Cash flow projections are based on the Group’s three-year internal forecasts, the results of which are reviewed by the Board. The forecasts are
      extrapolated to five years based on management’s expectations, and beyond five years based on estimated long-term average growth rates.
      Long-term growth rates for the Retail business are based on inflation forecasts by recognised bodies. Business unit level forecast growth is
      allocated to store-level cash-generating unit cash flows based on their relative current year actual sales performance, after adjusting for one-off
      cash flows affecting particular stores.




150   Tesco
      150 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                                                                                                     statements




The Group applies an expected cash flow approach by probability-weighting different cash flow scenarios. The greatest probability weighting
is applied to the cash flows derived from the three-year internal forecasts. Additional scenarios take account of the risks presented by
macroeconomic downturns, global supply pressures and climate change, consistent with the viability statement scenarios (see the Longer term
viability statement in the Strategic report) as well as an upside scenario.
Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect the market assessment as at the balance sheet date of the time value of
money and the risks specific to the cash-generating units. The pre-tax discount rates are derived from the Group’s post-tax weighted average
cost of capital, as adjusted for the specific risks relating to each geographical region. Risk-free rates are based on government bond rates in
each geographical region and equity risk premia are based on forecasts by recognised bodies.
Tesco Bank goodwill
Tesco Bank value in use is calculated by discounting equity cash flows, defined as the excess above the regulatory requirement. Cash flow
projections are based on the Bank’s three-year internal forecasts, approved by the Board. The forecasts are extrapolated to five years based
on management’s expectations and beyond five years based on estimated long-term average growth rates. The long-term growth rate is based
on inflation and GDP growth forecasts by recognised bodies. The discount rate is the cost of equity of Tesco Bank. Risk-free rates and equity risk
premia are derived from recognised bodies.
Fair value less costs of disposal
Fair values of owned properties are determined with regard to the market rent for the stores or for alternative uses with investment yields
appropriate to reflect the physical characteristics of the property, location, infrastructure, redevelopment potential and other factors. In some
cases, fair values include residual valuations where stores may be viable for redevelopment. Fair values of leased properties are determined with
regard to the discounted market rent for the property over the remaining period of the lease, reflecting the condition and location of the
property and the local rental market, adjusted for a suitable void period. Fair values of the Group’s properties were determined with the
assistance of independent professional valuers where appropriate. Costs of disposal are estimated based on past experience in each
geographical region.
Investments in joint ventures and associates
The recoverable values of investments in joint ventures and associates are estimated taking into account forecast cash flows, equity valuations of
comparable entities and/or recent transactions for comparable businesses.

Key assumptions and sensitivity
Key assumptions
For value in use calculations, the key assumptions to which the recoverable amounts are most sensitive are discount rates, long-term growth
rates, future cash flows (incorporating sales volumes, prices and costs) and probabilities assigned to cash flow scenarios. For fair value less costs
of disposal calculations, the key assumption is property fair values.
The discount rates and long-term growth rates for each group of cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are:
                                                                      UK                              ROI                          Tesco Bank
                                                                  2022            2021            2022              2021           2022                 2021
                                                                    %               %               %                 %              %                    %
Pre-tax discount rates                                        6.4 – 7.8           5.9              5.4              5.4             13.7               12.8
Post-tax discount rates                                       4.8 – 5.8           4.8              4.7              4.7            10.8                10.4
Long-term growth rates                                              1.9           1.9              1.9              1.9              1.6                1.6

The discount rates and long-term growth rates for the Group’s portfolio of store cash-generating units, aggregated by segment due to the large
number of individually immaterial store cash-generating units, are:
                                                                                                    UK & ROI                      Central Europe
                                                                                                  2022             2021            2022                 2021
                                                                                                     %               %               %                    %
Pre-tax discount rates                                                                        5.4 – 7.8        5.4 – 5.9      5.7 – 11.3           5.5 – 8.3
Post-tax discount rates                                                                       4.7 – 5.8        4.7 – 4.8      4.5 – 8.8            4.4 – 7.6
Long-term growth rates                                                                              1.9              1.9      2.0 – 3.0            2.0 – 3.0

Sensitivity
The Group has carried out sensitivity analyses on the reasonably possible changes in key assumptions in the impairment tests for (a) each group
of cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated and (b) for its portfolio of store cash-generating units.
(a) With the exception of Tesco Bank goodwill, neither a reasonably possible of 1.0%pt increase in discount rates, a 5% decrease in future
    cash flows nor a of 1.0%pt decrease in long-term growth rates would indicate impairment in any group of cash-generating units to which
    goodwill has been allocated. Tesco Bank goodwill is not sensitive to a reasonably possible change in long-term growth rates, but is
    sensitive to a change in the discount rate and annual equity cash flows. An increase of 1.0%pt in the discount rate or a decrease in annual
    equity cash flows of 14.2% would reduce the year-end headroom of £212m to £nil.




                                                                                       TescoReport
                                                                           Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                   and Report andStatements
                                                                                                        Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               2022 2022
                                                                                                                                       151                     151
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 15 Impairment of non-current assets continued
      (b) While there is not a significant risk of an adjustment to the carrying amount of any one store cash-generating unit that would be material
          to the Group as a whole in the next financial year, the table below summarises the reasonably possible changes in each key assumption
          and its impact on the impairment of the Group’s entire portfolio of store cash-generating units, presented in aggregate due to the large
          number of individually immaterial store cash-generating units:
                                                                                                                                                                                       2022
          Key assumption                            Reasonably possible change                                                         Impact on impairment                             £m
          Post-tax discount rates                   Increase of 1.0%pt for each geographic region                                      Increase                                        (435)
                                                    Decrease of 1.0%pt for each geographic region                                      Decrease                                         365
          Future cash flows                         Increase of 5.0% for each geographic region                                        Decrease                                         106
                                                    Decrease of 5.0% for each geographic region                                        Increase                                         (115)
          Long-term growth rates                    Increase of 1.0%pt for each geographic region                                      Decrease                                         266
                                                    Decrease of 1.0%pt for each geographic region                                      Increase                                        (268)
          Property fair values                      Increase of 5.0% for each geographic region                                        Decrease                                           72
                                                    Decrease of 5.0% for each geographic region                                        Increase                                          (78)

          The probability applied to each cash flow scenario differs by country, depending on the expected likelihood of each scenario occurring in each
          country. The base case represents the cash flows derived from the three-year internal forecasts and is assigned a weighted average
          probability of 64%. The impairment is not highly sensitive to the upside and climate change scenarios, both assigned 5% weighted average
          probabilities. The table below sets out the weighted average probability assigned to each of the remaining scenarios, to which the impairment
          is most sensitive, and shows the impact on impairment of a reasonably possible change in probability for each scenario, where the
          corresponding opposite change in probability is applied to the base case. The scenarios modelled differ to last year, consistent with the
          scenarios modelled for the viability statement.
                                                   Weighted average                                                                          Impact on                                 2022
          Scenario                                 probability          Reasonably possible change                                           impairment                                 £m
          Global supply pressures                  15%                  Increase of 5.0%pt for each geographic region                        Increase                                   (42)
                                                                        Decrease of 5.0%pt for each geographic region                        Decrease                                    40
          Macroeconomic downturn                   10%                  Increase of 5.0%pt for each geographic region                        Increase                                   (49)
                                                                        Decrease of 5.0%pt for each geographic region                        Decrease                                    47

      Note 16 Other investments
                                                                                                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                      through other
                                                                                                                                               Fair value through    comprehensive
                                                                                                                         At amortised cost             profit/loss          income      Total
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                              £m                      £m                £m       £m
      Investments in debt instruments(a)                                                                                               857                     –               585     1,442
      Investments in equity instruments                                                                                                  –                     –                12        12
      Property fund and other investments(b)                                                                                             –                    25                 –        25
      Other investments                                                                                                                857                    25               597     1,479
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                           75                     –                151      226
      Non-current                                                                                                                      782                    25               446     1,253
                                                                                                                                       857                    25               597     1,479
      (a) Debt instruments held at fair value through other comprehensive income were recognised following the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 34.
      (b) Includes £23m (2021: £nil) of property fund investments which were recognised following the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited. Refer to Note 34.
                                                                                                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                                                                                                      Fair value      through other
                                                                                                                                                       through       comprehensive
                                                                                                                         At amortised cost           profit/loss            income      Total
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                              £m                    £m                  £m       £m
      Investments in debt instruments                                                                                                  928                    –                   –     928
      Expected credit loss allowance*                                                                                                    (1)                  –                   –       (1)
      Investments in equity instruments                                                                                                   –                   –                  14      14
      Other investments                                                                                                                927                    –                  14     941
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                          175                    –                   3       178
      Non-current                                                                                                                      752                    –                   11     763
                                                                                                                                       927                    –                  14      941
      * Refer to Note 26 for allowance for expected credit losses disclosures.




152   Tesco
      152 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                       statements




Note 17 Inventories
                                                                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
Goods held for resale                                                                                                                                                 2,336               2,066
Development properties                                                                                                                                                    3                   3
                                                                                                                                                                      2,339               2,069

Goods held for resale are net of commercial income. Refer to Note 22.
Cost of inventories from continuing operations recognised as an expense for the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022 was £45,136m (52 weeks
ended 27 February 2021: £42,482m). Inventory losses and provisions from continuing operations recognised as an expense for the 52 weeks
ended 26 February 2022 were £1,002m (52 weeks ended 27 February 2021: £1,052m).

Note 18 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
Trade receivables                                                                                                                                                       457                 424
Prepayments                                                                                                                                                             135                 207
Accrued income(a)                                                                                                                                                        211                210
Other receivables                                                                                                                                                       478                 430
Amounts owed by joint ventures and associates (Note 32)(b)                                                                                                               141                 162
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                     1,422               1,433
Of which:
Current                                                                                                                                                               1,263                1,263
Non-current                                                                                                                                                             159                  170
                                                                                                                                                                      1,422               1,433
(a) Accrued income includes contract assets of £51m (2021: £52m) primarily relating to commission income on insurance policies managed and underwritten by a third party. The expected credit loss
    was immaterial as at 26 February 2022 (2021: immaterial).
(b) Expected credit losses on amounts owed by joint ventures and associates are not material.

Trade receivables include commercial income. Refer to Note 22. Trade receivables are generally non interest-bearing. Credit terms vary by
country and the nature of the debt, ranging from seven to 60 days.
The tables below present the ageing of receivables and related allowances for expected credit losses:
                                                                                                                            Up to six               Six to      Greater than
                                                                                                             Not             months            12 months          12 months
                                                                                                        past due            past due             past due           past due                Total
At 26 February 2022                                                                                           £m                  £m                   £m                 £m                  £m
Trade receivables                                                                                           430                   52                    4                  6                492
Other receivables                                                                                           442                   34                    4                 19                499
Trade and other receivables                                                                                 872                   86                    8                 25                991

Allowance for expected credit losses:
At the beginning of the year                                                                                 (22)                 (11)                 (6)               (30)                (69)
Decrease in allowance, including recoveries, released to the Group income
statement                                                                                                      –                   7                     1                  1                  9
Amounts written off                                                                                            –                   –                    –                  4                   4
At the end of the year                                                                                       (22)                 (4)                  (5)               (25)                (56)


                                                                                                                            Up to six               Six to      Greater than
                                                                                                        Not past             months            12 months          12 months
                                                                                                            due             past due             past due           past due                Total
At 27 February 2021                                                                                          £m                   £m                   £m                 £m                  £m
Trade receivables                                                                                           403                   54                    3                   11               471
Other receivables                                                                                            413                  15                    5                  19               452
Trade and other receivables                                                                                 816                   69                    8                 30                923

Allowance for expected credit losses:
At the beginning of the year                                                                                   (7)                (9)                  (8)               (30)                (54)
Transfer to disposal group held for sale                                                                        –                   1                    1                 4                   6
Foreign currency translation                                                                                    (1)                –                    –                  –                   (1)
Increase in allowance, including recoveries, charged to the Group income
statement                                                                                                     (14)                 (4)                  –                  (6)               (24)
Amounts written off                                                                                             –                   1                    1                  2                  4
At the end of the year                                                                                       (22)                 (11)                 (6)               (30)                (69)




                                                                                                            TescoReport
                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                        and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                             Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                    2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                            153                                      153
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 19 Loans and advances to customers
      Tesco Bank has loans and advances to customers, as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         £m               £m
      Loans and advances to customers                                                                                                 6,490          6,402
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                         3,349          3,093
      Non-current                                                                                                                      3,141         3,309
                                                                                                                                      6,490          6,402

      The maturity of these loans and advances is as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         £m               £m
      Repayable on demand or at short notice                                                                                                2            3
      Within three months                                                                                                              3,561         3,354
      Greater than three months but less than one year                                                                                    161           94
      Greater than one year but less than five years                                                                                   2,718         2,922
      After five years                                                                                                                   537           654
                                                                                                                                      6,979          7,027
      Expected credit loss allowance for loans and advances to customers                                                                (489)         (625)
                                                                                                                                      6,490          6,402

      At 26 February 2022, £3.0bn (2021: £3.0bn) of the credit card portfolio had its beneficial interest assigned to a securitisation special purpose
      entity, Delamare Cards Receivables Trustee Limited, for use as collateral in securitisation transactions. The total encumbered portion of this
      portfolio is £1.2bn (2021: £nil).
      At 26 February 2022, Delamare Cards MTN Issuer PLC had £1.8bn (2021: £1.8bn) notes in issue in relation to securitisation transactions.
      At 26 February 2022, £1.4bn (2021: £1.5bn) of the class A retained credit card-backed notes are held within their single collateral pool.

      Fair value hedge adjustments
      Fair value hedge adjustments amounting to £30m (2021: £7m) are in respect of fixed-rate loans. These adjustments are largely offset by
      derivatives, which are used to manage interest rate risk and are designated as fair value hedges within loans and advances to customers.
      Refer to Note 26 for allowance for expected credit losses disclosures.

      Note 20 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
      Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         £m               £m
      Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                        2,322          2,495
      Short-term deposits                                                                                                                 23            15
      Cash and cash equivalents in the Group balance sheet                                                                            2,345          2,510
      Bank overdrafts                                                                                                                   (574)         (532)
      Cash and cash equivalents in the Group cash flow statement                                                                       1,771         1,978

      Short-term investments
                                                                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         £m               £m
      Money market funds and similar instruments                                                                                      2,076              1,011

      Cash and cash equivalents includes £84m (2021: £101m) of restricted amounts mainly relating to the Group’s pension schemes and employee
      benefit trusts.




154   Tesco
      154 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                 statements




Note 21 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                               £m              £m
Trade payables                                                                                                                               5,641         5,131
Other taxation and social security                                                                                                              411         369
Other payables                                                                                                                               1,905        1,653
Amounts payable to joint ventures and associates (Note 32)                                                                                       9           23
Accruals                                                                                                                                       827          956
Contract liabilities                                                                                                                           441          376
Total trade and other payables                                                                                                              9,234        8,508
Of which:
Current                                                                                                                                      9,181       8,399
Non-current                                                                                                                                    53          109
                                                                                                                                            9,234        8,508

Trade and other payables are net of commercial income. Refer to Note 22.
Contract liabilities represent consideration received for performance obligations not yet satisfied, predominantly in relation to Clubcard points.
The majority of the revenue deferred at the current financial year end will be recognised in the following financial year.
Trade payables include £935m (2021: £572m) that suppliers have chosen to early-fund under supplier financing arrangements. Refer to Note 1.
Amounts in trade payables that are overdue for payment to the provider are immaterial.

Note 22 Commercial income
Below are the commercial income balances included within inventories and trade and other receivables, or netted against trade and other
payables. Amounts received in advance of income being earned are included in accruals.
                                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                               £m              £m
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                                                                    (15)            (24)
Trade and other receivables
   Trade/other receivables                                                                                                                      68              90
   Accrued income                                                                                                                              124             125
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
   Trade payables                                                                                                                              112             170
   Accruals                                                                                                                                      –               (2)

Note 23 Insurance
On 4 May 2021, the Group acquired the remaining 50.1% ordinary share capital of its joint venture entity, Tesco Underwriting Limited (TU).
TU is an authorised insurance company which provides the insurance underwriting service for a number of the Group’s general insurance
products. Refer to Note 34 for further details regarding the acquisition. As balances in this note have arisen as a result of the acquisition of TU
on 4 May 2021, there are no prior period comparative balances for the Group. Refer to Note 26 for further details regarding insurance risk.

Insurance profit/(loss)
                                                                                                                                                        52 weeks
                                                                                                                                                            2022
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                        £m
Gross insurance premium income                                                                                                                                239

Insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                                  (105)

Current year claims paid                                                                                                                                       (104)
Change in prior year claims provision                                                                                                                            52
Additional liabilities arising during the year                                                                                                                  (98)
Insurance claims incurred                                                                                                                                     (150)
Reinsurers’ share of claims incurred(a)                                                                                                                          62
Net insurance claims                                                                                                                                            (88)

Net insurance profit/(loss)(b)                                                                                                                                  46
(a) Includes £3m related to reinsurance quota share commission and profit commission.
(b) The net insurance profit above arose subsequent to acquisition by the Group and is reported in the Tesco Bank operating segment.




                                                                                                            TescoReport
                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                        and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                             Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                    2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                            155        155
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 23 Insurance continued
      Insurance contract provisions and reinsurance assets
      The following tables show the breakdown of the Group’s insurance contract provisions and reinsurance assets at 26 February 2022.
                                                                                                                        Gross     Reinsurance            Net
                                                                                                                          £m              £m             £m
      Unearned premiums                                                                                                  156              (64)           92
      Claims                                                                                                             494              (181)         313
      Total insurance contract provisions                                                                                650            (245)          405
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                            623               (61)         562
      Non-current                                                                                                         27             (184)          (157)

      Gross insurance provisions, unlike reinsurance assets, are classified as current or non-current based on contractual rights to defer settlement
      for at least 12 months after the reporting period, rather than expected timing of settlement. See Note 26 for the expected cash outflows in
      relation to these balances.

                                                                                                                        Gross     Reinsurance            Net
      Analysis of movement in insurance contract provisions                                                               £m              £m             £m
      Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                            –               –            –
      Acquired through business combinations                                                                             650             (247)         403
      Claims (paid)/recovered through insurers                                                                            (171)            66          (105)
      Movement in claims outstanding                                                                                      156             (59)           97
      Changes in provisions for unearned premiums                                                                           15              (5)          10
      Balance at 26 February 2022                                                                                        650            (245)          405


      Analysis of movement in provision for gross unearned premiums                                                                                      £m
      Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                                                          –
      Acquired through business combinations                                                                                                             141
      Premiums written during the period                                                                                                                254
      Less: premiums earned during the period                                                                                                          (239)
      Balance at 26 February 2022                                                                                                                       156


                                                                                                                                  Salvage and
                                                                                                                                  subrogation
                                                                                                                        Gross      recoveries            Net
      Analysis of movement in outstanding claims                                                                          £m               £m            £m
      Balance at 27 February 2021                                                                                            –              –               –
      Acquired through business combinations                                                                             509              (16)          493
      Current period claims                                                                                               213            (20)            193
      Change in prior period claims                                                                                        (57)            14            (43)
      Current period claims paid                                                                                         (104)              –           (104)
      Prior period claims paid                                                                                             (67)             –             (67)
      Balance at 26 February 2022                                                                                        494             (22)            472

      Funds withheld
      Funds withheld of £115m, included within trade and other payables, represent the balance due to reinsurers arising from Quota Share
      arrangements, by which a fixed proportion of both premiums and losses are ceded to third-party reinsurers as part of the overall reinsurance
      protection strategy.

      Process used to determine the assumptions
      The nature of insurance makes it very difficult to predict with certainty the likely outcome of any particular claim and the ultimate cost of notified
      claims. Each notified claim is assessed on a separate, case‐by‐case basis with due regard to the claim circumstances and historical evidence of
      the size of similar claims and provisions are based on information currently available. However, the ultimate liabilities may vary as a result of
      subsequent developments.
      Sources of data
      The sources of data used as inputs for the assumptions are internal, using detailed studies that are carried out at least annually to ensure that
      the assumptions are consistent with observable market prices or other published information. When there is insufficient information to make a
      reliable best estimate of claims development, suitable benchmark assumptions are used.
      Methods
      The cost of outstanding claims and the incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims provisions are estimated using various statistical methods, which
      extrapolate the development of paid and incurred claims, average cost per claim and ultimate claim numbers for each accident period based
      upon observed development of earlier periods, with reference to suitable benchmarks. The key methods are:
      – development factor methods, which use historical data to estimate the paid and incurred to date as proportions of the ultimate claim cost;
      – individual claim assessment methods, which use claim‐specific details for large individual claims to estimate the ultimate claim cost; and
      – benchmarking methods, which use the experience of comparable, more mature classes, or market data to estimate the cost of claims.
      To the extent that these methods use historical claims development information, they also assume that the historical claims development
      pattern will occur again in the future, after allowing (where possible) for instances where this might not be the case, such as changing economic
      or legal trends.




156   Tesco
      156 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                          statements




Recoveries
The provisions are initially estimated at a gross level and a separate calculation is carried out to estimate the size of reinsurance recoveries.
The Group is covered by a variety of excess of loss reinsurance programmes. The methods used by the Group take into account historical data,
specific details for individual large claims and details of the reinsurance programme to assess the expected size of reinsurance recoveries.
Recoveries through salvage and subrogation are estimated and recorded separately based on a combination of suitable benchmark assumptions
and the observed development to date.
Ogden rate
The majority of claims are not discounted as they are expected to settle within four years or less. For long-term personal injury claims the
personal injury discount rate (Ogden rate) is used. This is set by the Ministry of Justice and is used by the courts to calculate lump sum personal
injury payments. Reserves are assessed at the current rate of (0.25)%.

Analysis of claims development – gross of reinsurance and net of salvage and subrogation recoveries
                                                                                                                          Accident year*
                                                                   2012       2013       2014        2015       2016       2017       2018        2019       2020        2021      2022        Total
Estimate of gross ultimate claim costs                              £m         £m         £m          £m         £m         £m         £m          £m          £m         £m        £m           £m
At end of accident year                                            530         391        349        327          371      304          317       282        220         224         48 3,363
One year later                                                     534        388         353        343         372       299         297        288        209            –          – 3,083
Two years later                                                    523        373         379        343         335       269         268         271          –           –          –    2,761
Three years later                                                   517       383         353        323         325       258          271          –          –           –          – 2,430
Four years later                                                   527        363        360          311        323       253            –          –          –           –          –    2,137
Five years later                                                    518       360         347        305        309           –           –          –          –           –          –   1,839
Six years later                                                    520         361       350         305           –          –           –          –          –           –          –   1,536
Seven years later                                                   519       360         343          –           –          –           –          –          –           –          –    1,222
Eight years later                                                  527        360           –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –          –      887
Nine years later                                                   528           –          –          –           –          –           –          –          –           –          –      528
Current estimate of cumulative claims                              528        360         343        305        309        253          271        271       209         224         48      3,121
Cumulative payments to date                                       (505)      (348)       (327)      (296)       (287)      (241)      (224)       (188)      (125)       (113)        (9) (2,663)
Claims outstanding prior to 2012 accident year                                                                                                                                                   6
Current gross claims provision                                       23         12          16          9         22          12         47         83         84         111        39      464
Provision for claims handling costs                                   –          –           –          –          –           –          –          –          –           –          –         5
Fair value adjustment to claims outstanding                                                                                                                                                      3
provisions as a result of TU acquisition
Total gross claims outstanding provisions                             –          –           –          –          –           –          –          –           –          –          –       472
* The information in the above claims development table covers the period from which the earliest material claim arose in TU for which there is still uncertainty about the amount and timing of the
  claims payments and therefore reflects claims development in respect of claims arising prior to the acquisition of TU on 4 May 2021.


Analysis of claims development – net of reinsurance and net of salvage and subrogation recoveries
                                                                                                                          Accident year*
                                                                   2012       2013       2014        2015       2016       2017       2018        2019       2020        2021      2022        Total
Estimate of ultimate claim costs                                    £m         £m         £m          £m         £m         £m         £m          £m          £m         £m        £m           £m
At end of accident year                                             515        379        336        320         310        276        259        236         144         127         37     2,939
One year later                                                     522         380        338        327         319        270        259        255         125           –          –      2,795
Two years later                                                     512        368        349         331       302         252        233        244           –           –          –      2,591
Three years later                                                  507          371       343         315        292        242        247           –          –           –          –      2,317
Four years later                                                   505         359        339        306         292        239          –           –          –           –          –     2,040
Five years later                                                   500         355        338        301         287          –          –           –          –           –          –       1,781
Six years later                                                    504         356        340        301           –          –          –           –          –           –          –       1,501
Seven years later                                                  503         355        334           –          –          –          –           –          –           –          –       1,192
Eight years later                                                  506         353          –           –          –          –          –           –          –           –          –        859
Nine years later                                                   506           –          –           –          –          –          –           –          –           –          –        506
Current estimate of cumulative claims                              506         353        334        301         287        239        247        244         125         127         37     2,800
Cumulative payments to date                                       (498)       (347)      (323)      (292)       (276)      (232)       (211)      (185)       (87)        (67)        (3)    (2,521)
Claims outstanding prior to 2012 accident year                                                                                                                                                     4
Current net claims provision                                          8          6          11          9          11          7        36          59         38         60         34         283
Provision for claims handling costs                                   –          –           –          –           –          –         –           –          –          –          –            5
Fair value adjustment to claims outstanding                                                                                                                                                        3
provisions as a result of TU acquisition
Total net claims                                                      –          –           –          –          –           –          –          –          –           –          –        291
* Refer to previous table for footnote.




                                                                                                              TescoReport
                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                          and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                               Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                      2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                              157                                      157
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 24 Borrowings
      Borrowings are classified as current and non-current based on their scheduled redemption date, and not their maturity date. Repayments of
      principal amounts are classified as current if the repayment is scheduled to be made within one year of the balance sheet date.
                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                    Par value            Maturity                 £m                   £m
      Bank loans and overdrafts        (a)
                                                                                                                                          –                   –                  605                  559
      6.125% MTN                                                                                                                     £417m            Feb 2022                      –                  417
      5% MTN                                                                                                                          £65m            Mar 2023                     77                   79
      1.375% MTN                                                                                                                    €750m             Oct 2023                   634                  662
      2.5% MTN                                                                                                                      €473m              Jul 2024                  403                  415
      2.5% MTN                                                                                                                      £400m             May 2025                   397                   417
      3.5% Tesco Bank Senior MREL Notes(b)                                                                                          £250m              Jul 2025                  244                   251
      3.322% LPI MTN(c)                                                                                                             £373m             Nov 2025                   377                  364
      0.875% MTN                                                                                                                    €750m             May 2026                   630                  649
      1.1875% MTN(d)                                                                                                                £400m             Nov 2028                   398                      –
      5.5457% Secured Bond(e)(f)                                                                                                    £263m             Feb 2029                    251                 275
      6.067% Secured Bond(e)                                                                                                        £200m             Feb 2029                    194                  193
      SONIA + 1.3193% Secured Bond(e)(g)                                                                                              £50m            Feb 2029                     48                   48
      0.375% MTN(d)                                                                                                                 €750m              Jul 2029                  576                  625
      6% MTN                                                                                                                          £38m            Dec 2029                     44                   45
      2.75% MTN                                                                                                                     £450m             Apr 2030                    414                 441
      LIBOR + 1.17% Secured Bond(h)                                                                                                  £187m            Jan 2032                      –                 184
      LIBOR + 1.17% Secured Bond(h)                                                                                                  £108m            Jan 2032                      –                 100
      5.5% MTN                                                                                                                        £67m            Jan 2033                     79                   80
      1.982% RPI MTN(i)                                                                                                              £310m            Mar 2036                    312                 302
      6.15% USD Bond                                                                                                                $355m             Nov 2037                   338                  333
      6.0517% Secured Bond(j)(k)                                                                                                    £445m             Oct 2039                   568                  592
      5.6611% Secured Bond(l)(m)                                                                                                    £438m             Oct 2041                   579                      –
      4.875% MTN                                                                                                                       £14m           Mar 2042                     14                    14
      5.125% MTN                                                                                                                    €235m             Apr 2047                   203                  209
      5.2% MTN                                                                                                                         £14m           Mar 2057                     14                    14
                                                                                                                                                                               7,399                7,268
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                                                                    725                1,080
      Non-current                                                                                                                                                              6,674                 6,188
                                                                                                                                                                               7,399                7,268
      (a) Bank loans and overdrafts includes £574m (2021: £532m) of bank overdrafts. £567m (2021: £525m) is held under a notional pooling arrangement which does not meet the criteria to be presented
          net of cash on the balance sheet. Refer to Note 20.
      (b) These notes are Tesco Bank MREL compliant senior debt and were issued on 25 July 2019. The scheduled redemption date is July 2024.
      (c) The 3.322% limited price index (LPI) MTN is redeemable at par, indexed for increases in the RPI over the life of the MTN. The maximum indexation of the principal in any one year is 5%, with a
          minimum of 0%.
      (d) These are sustainability-linked bonds referencing our KPI for Group Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions reduction (Scope 1 and 2, in tCO2e). The Sustainability Performance Target they are linked to
          is to reduce the Group GHG Emissions by 60% by 2025 with respect to a 2015 baseline.
      (e) The bonds are secured by a charge over the property, plant and equipment held within The Tesco Property Limited Partnership, a 100% owned subsidiary of Tesco PLC. The carrying amounts of
          assets pledged as security for secured bonds is £818m (2021: £817m).
      (f) This is an amortising bond which matures in February 2029. £28m (2021: £26m) is the principal repayment due within the next 12 months. The remainder is payable in quarterly instalments until
          maturity in February 2029.
      (g) Following cessation of LIBOR, this bond has been transitioned to SONIA (2021: LIBOR + 1.2% Secured Bond).
      (h) During the year, the Group undertook a tender for outstanding bonds and as a result the following notional amounts were repaid early: LIBOR + 1.17% Secured Bond £187m and LIBOR + 1.17%
          Secured Bond £108m.
      (i) The 1.982% RPI MTN is redeemable at par, indexed for increases in the RPI over the life of the MTN.
      (j) This bond is secured by a charge over the property, plant and equipment held within The Tesco Atrato Limited Partnership, a 100% owned subsidiary of Tesco PLC. The carrying amounts of assets
          pledged as security for secured bonds is £892m (2021: £837m).
      (k) This is an amortising bond which matures in October 2039. £14m (2021: £14m) is the principal repayment due within the next 12 months. The remainder is payable in quarterly instalments until
          maturity in October 2039.
      (l) This bond is secured by a charge over the property, plant and equipment held within The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership, a 100% owned subsidiary of Tesco PLC. The carrying amounts of assets
          pledged as security for secured bonds is £521m (2021: £nil).
      (m) This is an amortising bond which matures October 2041. £8m (2021: £nil) is the principal repayment due within the next 12 months. The remainder is payable in quarterly instalments until maturity
          in October 2041.




158   Tesco
      158 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                                                                                       statements




Note 25 Financial instruments
The Group recognises the following financial instruments on its balance sheet. The Group’s exposure to the risks associated with its financial
assets and liabilities is discussed in Note 26.
                                                                                                                                At fair value
                                                                                                             At fair value    through other
                                                                                           At amortised    through profit    comprehensive
                                                                                                   cost            or loss           income         Total
At 26 February 2022                                                              Notes              £m                 £m                 £m          £m
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                          20            2,319                26                  –       2,345
Short-term investments                                                             20           2,076                  –                  –       2,076
Trade receivables                                                                   18            457                  –                  –          457
Other receivables                                                                   18            478                  –                  –          478
Joint ventures and associates loan receivables                                     32              105                 –                  –          105
Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank                                        19          6,490                  –                  –       6,490
Other investments                                                                   16            857                 25                597        1,479
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                              –                55                   –          55
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                             –               223                   –         223
   Index-linked swaps                                                                               –               666                   –         666
   Forward contracts                                                                                –                67                   –          67
                                                                                               12,782             1,062                 597      14,441
Financial liabilities
Trade payables                                                                     21           (5,641)                 –                  –       (5,641)
Other payables                                                                     21           (1,905)                 –                  –      (1,905)
Accruals                                                                           21              (827)                –                  –         (827)
Borrowings                                                                         24           (7,399)                 –                  –      (7,399)
Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                                     27           (5,327)                 –                  –      (5,327)
Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                                   27           (1,052)                 –                  –      (1,052)
Lease liabilities                                                                  12           (7,958)                 –                  –      (7,958)
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                              –                (273)                 –        (273)
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                             –                 (85)                 –         (85)
   Forward contracts                                                                                –                 (25)                 –         (25)
                                                                                              (30,109)              (383)                  –    (30,492)


                                                                                                                                At fair value
                                                                                                             At fair value    through other
                                                                                           At amortised    through profit    comprehensive
                                                                                                   cost            or loss           income         Total
At 27 February 2021                                                              Notes              £m                 £m                 £m          £m
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                          20           2,496                  14                  –      2,510
Short-term investments                                                             20            1,011                  –                  –       1,011
Trade receivables                                                                   18            424                   –                  –        424
Other receivables                                                                   18            430                   –                  –        430
Joint ventures and associates loan receivables                                     32              122                  –                  –         122
Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank                                        19          6,402                   –                  –      6,402
Other investments                                                                   16            927                   –                 14         941
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                               –                42                   –         42
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                              –               298                   –        298
   Index-linked swaps                                                                                –             1,080                   –      1,080
   Forward contracts                                                                                 –                42                   –         42
                                                                                                11,812             1,476                  14     13,302
Financial liabilities
Trade payables                                                                     21            (5,131)                –                  –       (5,131)
Other payables                                                                     21           (1,653)                 –                  –      (1,653)
Accruals                                                                           21             (956)                 –                  –        (956)
Borrowings                                                                         24           (7,268)                 –                  –      (7,268)
Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                                     27          (5,738)                  –                  –     (5,738)
Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                                   27             (600)                 –                  –        (600)
Lease liabilities                                                                  12          (8,402)                  –                  –     (8,402)
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                              –                (162)                 –         (162)
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                             –                 (38)                 –          (38)
   Index-linked swaps                                                                               –               (729)                  –        (729)
   Forward contracts                                                                                –                 (78)                 –          (78)
                                                                                              (29,748)           (1,007)                   –    (30,755)




                                                                                     TescoReport
                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                 and Report andStatements
                                                                                                      Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             2022 2022
                                                                                                                                     159                     159
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 25 Financial instruments continued
      The fair values are determined by reference to prices available from the markets on which the instruments are traded, where they are available.
      Where market prices are not available, the fair value is calculated by discounting expected future cash flows at prevailing interest rates. The fair
      value of assets measured at amortised cost is shown below.
      The expected maturity of financial assets and liabilities is not considered to be materially different to their current and non-current classification.

      Fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost
      The table excludes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade receivables/payables, other receivables/payables and accruals
      where the carrying values approximate fair value. The levels in the table refer to the fair value measurement.
                                                                                                                                           2022                                      2021
                                                                                                                                    Carrying                Fair              Carrying                Fair
                                                                                                                                      value                value                value                value
                                                                                                                                         £m                  £m                    £m                  £m
      Financial assets measured at amortised cost
      Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank (Level 3)                                                                         6,490                6,566                6,402                6,618
      Investment securities at amortised cost (Level 1 and 2)(a)                                                                       857                  867                  927                 932
      Joint ventures and associates loan receivables (Level 2)(b)                                                                      105                  126                   122                 153
      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
      Borrowings
         Amortised cost (Level 1 and 2)(a)                                                                                          (5,057)              (5,942)                (4,711)             (5,761)
         Bonds in fair value hedge relationships (Level 1)                                                                          (2,342)               (2,401)              (2,557)             (2,658)
      Customer deposits – Tesco Bank (Level 3)                                                                                      (5,327)              (5,296)               (5,738)             (5,744)
      Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank (Level 2)                                                                                     (1,052)              (1,052)                (600)               (600)
      (a) These are principally Level 1 instruments.
      (b) Joint ventures and associates loan receivables carrying amounts of £105m (2021: £122m) are presented in the Group balance sheet net of deferred profits of £38m (2021: £38m) historically arising
          from the sale of property assets to joint ventures.


      Fair value measurement by level of fair value hierarchy
      The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value, by level of fair value hierarchy:
      – quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);
      – inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or
        indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2); and
      – inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3).
      Level 2 assets are valued by discounting future cash flows using externally sourced market yield curves, including interest rate curves and foreign
      exchange rates from highly liquid markets. For Level 3 assets, uncollateralised derivates are valued as per Level 2 but include certain data sources
      which are significantly less liquid; unlisted investments are valued based on less observable inputs such as recent funding rounds.
                                                                                                                                       Level 1             Level 2             Level 3               Total
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                 £m                  £m                  £m                   £m
      Assets
      Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                       585                    –                   12                597
      Cash and cash equivalents at fair value through profit or loss                                                                       –                   26                    –                 26
      Investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                     –                   23                    2                 25
      Derivative financial instruments:
         Interest rate swaps                                                                                                               –                  55                    –                  55
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                                              –                  25                  198                 223
         Index-linked swaps                                                                                                                –                  115                 551                 666
         Forward contracts                                                                                                                 –                   67                   –                  67
      Total assets                                                                                                                       585                  311                 763               1,659
      Liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments:
         Interest rate swaps                                                                                                               –                 (273)                  –                 (273)
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                                              –                  (85)                  –                  (85)
         Forward contracts                                                                                                                 –                  (25)                  –                  (25)
      Total liabilities                                                                                                                    –                (383)                   –                (383)
      Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                                           585                  (72)                763               1,276




160   Tesco
      160 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                        statements




                                                                                                                Level 1            Level 2            Level 3               Total
At 27 February 2021                                                                                                £m                 £m                 £m                   £m
Assets
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                         –                   3                    11              14
Cash and cash equivalents at fair value through profit or loss                                                       –                  14                    –               14
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                                               –                 42                     –              42
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                                              –                298                     –             298
   Index-linked swaps                                                                                                –              1,080                     –           1,080
   Forward contracts                                                                                                 –                 42                     –              42
Total assets                                                                                                         –              1,479                    11           1,490
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                                                                               –                (162)                   –              (162)
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                                              –                 (38)                   –               (38)
   Index-linked swaps                                                                                                –               (729)                    –             (729)
   Forward contracts                                                                                                 –                 (78)                   –               (78)
Total liabilities                                                                                                    –            (1,007)                     –          (1,007)
Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                             –                472                    11             483

During the financial year, there were no transfers (2021: no transfers) between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements.
Level 3 Instruments
At the end of the period there was a transfer of £749m into Level 3 fair value measurement from Level 2 (2021: no transfers), arising from
inclusion of a funding valuation adjustment (FVA) to certain derivatives due to evolving market practices, which incorporate unobservable input
elements. There were no other transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: no transfers).
As part of financial risk management, the Group holds certain uncollateralised derivative financial instruments, including interest rate and
inflation swaps, cross-currency swaps, and forward contracts. These are valued using relevant inputs which are considered observable (Level 2),
such as forward rates and FX rates from available market data. Unobservable inputs (Level 3) relate to the FVA, which is the estimate of the
adjustment to the fair value that a market participant would make to account for funding costs. These are calculated on the future valuation of
the derivative, based on the best estimate available to management of suitable relevant cost of funds. A 10 basis points increase in the cost of
funds would increase the FVA by £18m.
The following table presents the changes in Level 3 instruments:
                                                                                                                     2022                                    2021
                                                                                                      Uncollateralised    Unlisted equity     Uncollateralised    Unlisted equity
                                                                                                          derivatives       investments           derivatives       investments
                                                                                                                   £m                £m                    £m                £m
At the beginning of the year                                                                                       –                    11                    –               10
Gains/(losses) recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss)                                    –                    4                     –                 3
Disposal of financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                                       –                   (2)                    –               (4)
Addition of financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                                       –                     1                    –                 2
Transfers into Level 3                                                                                           749                    –                     –                 –
At the end of the year                                                                                           749                   14                     –                11

Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
The following tables show those financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar
agreements.
                                                                                                                            Related amounts not offset in
                                                                                                                              the Group balance sheet
                                                                                 Gross amounts of
                                                           Gross amounts of       financial assets/       Net amounts
                                                                 recognised (liabilities) offset in          presented                              Collateral
                                                            financial assets/            the Group        in the Group            Financial       (received)/
                                                                   (liabilities)     balance sheet       balance sheet        instruments            pledged         Net amount
At 26 February 2022                                                          £m                 £m                  £m                 £m                  £m               £m
Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments                                        1,011                   –                 1,011              (246)                   (18)            747
Trade receivables                                                        526                  (69)                 457                  –                      –            457
Total assets                                                           1,537                  (69)              1,468               (246)                   (18)          1,204
Financial liabilities
Derivative financial instruments                                        (383)                   –                 (383)               246                  –                (137)
Trade payables                                                        (5,710)                  69               (5,641)                 –                  –              (5,641)
Repurchases, securities lending and similar agreements                   (150)                  –                  (150)                –                150                   –
Total liabilities                                                    (6,243)                   69              (6,174)                246                150             (5,778)




                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                             161                                     161
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 25 Financial instruments continued
                                                                                                                                Related amounts not offset in
                                                                                          Gross amounts of                        the Group balance sheet
                                                                    Gross amounts of       financial assets/    Net amounts
                                                                          recognised (liabilities) offset in       presented
                                                                     financial assets/            the Group     in the Group         Financial
                                                                            (liabilities)     balance sheet    balance sheet     instruments Collateral pledged      Net amount
      At 27 February 2021                                                             £m                 £m               £m              £m                £m              £m
      Financial assets
      Derivative financial instruments                                         1,462                     –            1,462            (234)                    –         1,228
      Trade receivables                                                          520                   (96)             424               –                     –           424
      Total assets                                                             1,982                   (96)          1,886             (234)                    –        1,652
      Financial liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments                                         (1,007)                   –           (1,007)            234                     42          (731)
      Trade payables                                                           (5,227)                  96            (5,131)             –                      –        (5,131)
      Total liabilities                                                       (6,234)                   96          (6,138)             234                     42      (5,862)

      For the financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable master netting arrangements above, each agreement between the Group and the
      counterparty allows for net settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when both elect to settle on a net basis. In the absence of
      such an election, financial assets and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis. However, each party to the master netting agreement or similar
      agreement will have the option to settle all such amounts on a net basis in the event of default of the other party.

      Note 26 Financial risk management
      The Group’s financial risk management is carried out under policies approved and authority delegated by the Board of Directors, including
      parameters for risk management across the Group. The financial risk management in relation to Retail is carried out by a central treasury
      department. Tesco Bank has a separate formal structure for reporting, monitoring and managing its financial risks appropriate to the nature of its
      business as a regulated financial institution.
      The main financial risks faced by the Group, including Retail and Tesco Bank, and the management of these risks are set out below and include
      market risk (foreign exchange, interest rate, inflation and commodity prices), credit risk, liquidity risk, capital risk and insurance risk. Additional
      information on the management of the financial risks relating to Tesco Bank is also set out below.

      (a) Market risk
      The Group is exposed to various elements of market risk, which include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and inflation risk.
      Risks                 Description of risks                                       Mitigation
      Foreign exchange      Transactional exposure that arises from the cost           Forward foreign currency contracts or purchased currency options, which are
      risk                  of future purchases of goods, where those                  designated as cash flow hedges. The Group’s policy is to hedge currency
                            purchases are denominated in a currency other              exposure that could significantly impact the Group income statement with a
                            than the functional currency of the purchasing             minimum (20%) and maximum (80%) hedge level of forecast uncommitted
                            company.                                                   exposure within at least the next 12 months.
                            Net investment exposure that arises from changes           Foreign currency derivatives and borrowings in matching currencies, which are
                            in the value of net investments denominated in             formally designated as net investment hedges. The Group’s policy is to hedge a
                            currencies other than Pound Sterling.                      part of its investments in international subsidiaries.
                            Loans to and from subsidiaries in currencies other         Foreign currency derivatives and borrowings in matching currencies. The
                            than in the entity’s functional currency.                  Group’s policy is that 100% of the foreign exchange risk is hedged. These are not
                                                                                       formally designated as accounting hedges as gains and losses will naturally
                                                                                       offset in the income statement.
                            Debt issued in a currency other than Pound                 Cross-currency swaps which swap the non-sterling debt back into a net sterling
                            Sterling.                                                  exposure. The Group’s policy is to swap foreign currency debt back to Pound
                                                                                       Sterling, unless there are appropriate matching foreign currency assets.
      Interest rate risk    Debt issued at variable interest rates as well as          The issuance of debt at variable and floating interest rates as well as forward
                            cash deposits and short-term investments, giving           rate agreements, interest rate swaps, and caps and floors, which may be used
                            rise to cash flow risk, and debt issued at fixed           to achieve the desired mix of fixed and floating rate debt. Hedging relationships
                            interest rates giving rise to fair value risk.             are formally designated as either fair value or cash flow hedges. The Group’s
                                                                                       policy is to target fixing a minimum of 50% of interest costs for senior
                                                                                       unsecured debt excluding Tesco Bank. At 26 February 2022, the percentage of
                                                                                       interest-bearing debt at fixed rates was 66% (2021: 67%). The weighted average
                                                                                       rate of interest paid on senior unsecured debt this financial year, excluding joint
                                                                                       ventures and associates, was 2.34% (2021: 3.07%).
                                                                                       The Group has RPI-linked debt where the principal is indexed to increases
                                                                                       in RPI. RPI-linked debt is treated as floating rate debt. The Group also has
                                                                                       LPI-linked debt, where the principal is indexed to RPI, with an annual maximum
                                                                                       increase of 5% and a minimum of 0%. LPI-linked debt is treated as fixed-rate
                                                                                       debt. RPI-linked debt and LPI-linked debt are hedged for the effects of inflation
                                                                                       until maturity.
                                                                                       During 2022 and 2021, Group net debt was managed using derivative
                                                                                       instruments to hedge interest rate risk (refer to the table on next page).
      Inflation risk        Index-linked debt, where the principal is indexed          Inflation risk is managed via index-linked swaps, which are used to hedge the
                            to increase/decrease in line with RPI or LPI and           respective inflation measure.
                            lease liabilities where rent payments are indexed
                            to increase/decrease in line with inflation indices
                            such as RPI.
      Commodity price       Changes in commodity prices largely relating to            Forward derivative contracts which are designated as cash flow hedges. These
      risk                  diesel for own use.                                        are used to hedge future purchases of diesel for own use which are forecast to
                                                                                       occur within a 12-month period. The Group policy is to hedge a minimum of
                                                                                       50% of the forecast uncommitted exposure within the next 12 months.



162   Tesco
      162 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                  statements




The table below shows the interest rate risk profile for the Group’s financial instruments:
                                                                                   2022                                                     2021
                                                                     Fixed           Floating               Total              Fixed          Floating           Total
                                                                       £m                 £m                  £m                 £m                £m              £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                –           2,345                 2,345                    –           2,510           2,510
Short-term investments                                                   –            2,076                2,076                    –             1,011           1,011
Investment securities at amortised cost                                518              339                  857                 502               425             927
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income          590                  7                 597                   14                 –              14
Investments at fair value through profit or loss                        25                 –                  25                    –                 –               –
Joint ventures and associates loan receivables                        105                  –                 105                  101                21             122
Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank                        3,293              3,197              6,490                6,402                  –        6,402
Lease liabilities                                                  (7,958)                 –              (7,958)            (8,402)                  –       (8,402)
Bank and other borrowings                                          (6,465)             (934)              (7,399)             (6,102)           (1,166)        (7,268)
Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                     (5,327)                 –              (5,327)             (5,738)                 –       (5,738)
Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                         –           (1,052)              (1,052)                   –            (600)           (600)
Derivative effect:
   Interest rate swaps                                                (729)             729                    –              (1,206)           1,206              –
   Cross-currency swaps                                                895             (895)                   –                (905)             905              –
   Index-linked swaps                                                 (310)             310                    –                (299)             299              –
Total                                                             (15,363)            6,122               (9,241)           (15,633)            4,611        (11,022)

Hedge accounting of market risks
Derivatives are used to hedge exposure to market risks, some of which are economic hedges and others are formally designated hedging
instruments with hedge accounting applied. The main sources of hedge ineffectiveness are the effects of the counterparties’ and the Group’s
own credit risk on the fair value of derivatives.
Fair value hedges
The Group maintains interest rate and cross-currency swap contracts as fair value hedges of the interest rate and currency risk on fixed-rate
debt issued by the Group and investment securities held by the Group.
Derivative contracts hedging fixed-rate debt issued by the Group receive a fixed rate of interest and pay a variable interest rate.
Derivative contracts held by the Group receive a floating rate of interest and pay a fixed interest rate to hedge investment securities where the
Group receives a fixed rate of interest.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the swap contracts match the terms of
the fixed-rate borrowings, including notional amount, maturity, payment and rate set dates. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the
hedging relationship as the underlying risk of the swap contract is identical to the hedged item.
Cash flow hedges
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from purchases of goods for resale in currencies other than the functional currency of the
purchasing entity. Foreign currency forwards are utilised to hedge this risk and are formally designated as cash flow hedges.
Under the Group’s hedging policy, the critical terms of the forward contracts must align with the hedged items. The foreign currency forwards
are denominated in the same currency as the highly probable future sales and purchases, which are expected to occur within a maximum
24-month period, and the hedging relationship is determined to be 1:1.
The Group also uses forward contracts to hedge the price of certain commodities. These mainly relate to forward contracts to hedge future
purchases of diesel for own use, which are forecast to occur within a 12-month period. These are denominated in the same currency and volume
as the forecast purchases and the hedging relationship is determined to be 1:1.
The Group also uses index-linked swaps to hedge cash flows on index-linked debt and interest rate swaps to hedge interest cash flows on debt.
Net investment hedging
The Group uses Euro-denominated borrowings to hedge the exposure of a portion of its net investments in overseas operations which have a
Euro functional currency, against changes in value due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The hedged risk in the net investment hedge is the
risk of a weakening Euro against Pound Sterling that will result in a reduction in the carrying amount of the Group’s Euro net investments.
To assess hedge effectiveness, the Group determines the economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item by
comparing changes in the carrying amount of the debt that are attributable to a change in the spot rate with changes in the investment in foreign
operations due to movements in the spot rate. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1, as the underlying risk of the hedging instrument is
identical to the hedged risk component.
The details of the hedging instruments and movements in cumulative losses on net investment hedges in other comprehensive income are set
out below:
                                                                                                Nominal amount      Nominal amount
                                                                                                  of the hedged       of the hedging       Continuing     Discontinued
                                                                                                           item           instrument          hedges           hedges
Gains/(losses) on net investment hedges                                                                      £m                  £m               £m                £m
At 29 February 2020                                                                                     1,290                1,290                 6          (1,065)
Change in value for calculating ineffectiveness                                                             10                   10              (10)               –
Reclassified to Group income statement                                                                       –                    –                –               57
At 27 February 2021                                                                                     1,300                1,300                (4)         (1,008)
Change in value for calculating ineffectiveness                                                            (40)                 (40)             40                 –
Reclassified to Group income statement                                                                       –                    –                –              243
At 26 February 2022                                                                                     1,260                1,260                36             (765)

Net investment hedge ineffectiveness was £nil (2021: £nil) during the year.



                                                                                          TescoReport
                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                      and Report andStatements
                                                                                                           Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  2022 2022
                                                                                                                                          163                             163
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
      During the current financial year, the Group disposed of its Polish business resulting in a reclassification to the income statement from the
      translation reserve of £243m relating to net investment hedging. In the prior financial year the Group disposed of its Asia business, resulting in a
      reclassification of £57m.
      During the current financial year, currency movements decreased the net value, after the effects of hedging, of the Group’s overseas assets by
      £39m (2021: decrease by £68m). The Group also ensures that each subsidiary is appropriately hedged in respect of its non-functional currency assets.
      Financial instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting
      The Group’s policy does not permit use of derivatives for trading purposes. However, some derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, or are
      specifically not designated as a hedge where gains and losses on the hedging instrument and the hedged item naturally offset in the Group income
      statement. These instruments include index-linked swaps, interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and forward foreign currency contracts.
      IBOR reform
      During the year, the Group transitioned to alternative benchmark rates for all remaining hedging instruments, implementing the relevant risk-free
      rate benchmarks into its ISDAs (International Swaps and Derivatives Association) and other relevant agreements. As at 26 February 2022, there
      are no hedging relationships which include IBOR benchmarks and are yet to be transitioned to a risk-free rate benchmark.

      Derivatives and hedging exposures
      The fair value and notional amounts of derivatives analysed by hedge type are as follows:
                                                                          2022                                                                                2021
                                                           Asset                                 Liability                                 Asset                                Liability
                                                  Fair value       Notional              Fair value          Notional             Fair value          Notional          Fair value           Notional
                                                         £m             £m                      £m                £m                     £m                £m                  £m                 £m
      Fair value hedges
      Interest rate swaps                               53          2,994                      (65)               1,386                   42            2,018                 (54)              2,774
      Cross-currency swaps                               –              –                      (85)                 630                    –                –                 (35)               650
      Cash flow hedges
      Interest rate swaps                                –               –                       (11)               50                     –                 –               (108)                346
      Index-linked swaps                               230             683                        –                  –                   203             660                    –                   –
      Forward contracts                                 56           1,329                       (8)               435                    37             1,118                (59)              1,468
      Derivatives not in a formal hedge
      relationship
      Interest rate swaps                                2             86                     (197)                  58                     –             13                     –                101
      Cross-currency swaps                            223             845                         –                  15                   298            782                    (3)               86
      Index-linked swaps                              436           2,574                         –                   –                   877          3,209                 (729)             4,982
      Forward contracts                                 11            750                       (17)                844                     5            479                   (19)            1,043
      Total                                          1,011          9,261                    (383)                3,418                 1,462          8,279              (1,007)             11,450

      The following tables set out the maturity profile and average interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates of the hedging instruments used
      in the Group’s hedging strategies.
                                                                                                  2022                                                               2021
                                                                                 Up to                One to              More than                   Up to              One to             More than
      Maturity profile                                                        one year             five years              five years              one year           five years             five years
      Fair value hedges
      Interest rate risk
      Interest rate swaps – GBP
      – Notional amount (£m)                                                     852                     2,296                 602                  1,384                 2,156                 602
      – Average net interest rate (pay)/receive                                0.14%                    0.49%               (0.01)%                0.32%                 1.29%                0.59%

      Interest rate swaps – EUR
      – Notional amount (£m)                                                        –                     630                      –                     –                650                        –
      – Average net interest rate (pay)/receive                                     –                   0.82%                      –                     –              0.66%                        –

      Interest rate/Foreign currency risk
      Cross-currency swaps (GBP:EUR)
      – Notional amount (£m)                                                        –                        –                  630                      –                    –                  650
      – Average exchange rate                                                       –                        –                   1.13                    –                    –                   1.13
      – Average net interest rate (pay)/receive                                     –                        –               (1.17)%                     –                    –               (0.77)%

      Cash flow hedges
      Interest rate risk
      Index-linked swaps
      – Notional amount (£m)                                                        –                       373                310                       –                360                    300
      – Average net interest rate (pay)/receive                                     –                   (4.23)%             (4.21)%                      –             (4.23)%                (4.21)%

      Interest rate swaps
      – Notional amount (£m)                                                        –                        –                  50                       –                    –                  346
      – Average net interest rate (pay)/receive                                     –                        –              (4.46)%                      –                    –               (4.97)%




164   Tesco
      164 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                          statements




At 26 February 2022, forward foreign currency contracts, designated as cash flow hedges, equivalent to £1.7bn were outstanding (2021: £2.5bn).
These forward contracts are largely in relation to purchases of Euros (notional €0.7bn) (2021: notional €1.0bn) and US Dollars (notional $0.9bn)
(2021: notional $1.3bn) with varying maturities up to February 2023.
For the above currencies the rates ranged from Euro/GBP 1.082 to 1.195 (2021: 1.08 to 1.156) and USD/GBP from 1.319 to 1.419 (2021: 1.222 to 1.416).
Forward commodity contracts hedging diesel purchases for own use as at 26 February 2022 had a GBP notional of £65m (2021: £54m) at a rate of
£267 to £571 (2021: £277 to £457) per tonne.
The notional and fair values of these contracts is shown on page 164.
The following tables set out the details of the hedged exposures covered by the Group’s fair value hedges:
                                                                                                                     Accumulated amounts of fair value
                                                                                    Carrying amount                     adjustments on hedged item
                                                                                                                                                                 Changes in fair
                                                                                                                                                                       value for
                                                                                                                                                              calculating hedge     Residual hedge
                                                                                    Assets            Liabilities             Assets           Liabilities      ineffectiveness       adjustments(a)
At 26 February 2022                                                                    £m                     £m                 £m                    £m                    £m                £m
Interest rate risk
Fixed-rate loans(b)                                                                 3,384                     –                  (30)                   –                   (37)                 –
Fixed-rate savings(c)                                                                   –                (1,481)                   –                    –                     –                  –
Fixed-rate investment securities(d)                                                   504                     –                   (11)                  –                   (22)                 –
Fixed-rate bonds(e)                                                                     –               (2,796)                    –                   40                  (101)              (101)
(a) Accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments remaining in the Group balance sheet for any hedged items that have ceased to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses.
(b) Classified as loans and advances to customers.
(c) Classified as customer deposits.
(d) Classified as investment securities at amortised cost.
(e) Classified as borrowings.
                                                                                                                     Accumulated amounts of fair value
                                                                                    Carrying amount                     adjustments on hedged item
                                                                                                                                                                 Changes in fair
                                                                                                                                                                       value for
                                                                                                                                                              calculating hedge     Residual hedge
                                                                                    Assets            Liabilities             Assets           Liabilities      ineffectiveness       adjustments(a)
At 27 February 2021                                                                    £m                     £m                 £m                    £m                    £m                £m
Interest rate risk
Fixed-rate loans(b)                                                                 3,653                     –                    7                   –                      (3)               (3)
Fixed-rate savings(c)                                                                   –                (1,866)                   –                   –                       –                 –
Fixed-rate investment securities(d)                                                   500                     –                   10                   –                       8                 –
Fixed-rate bonds(e)                                                                     –               (2,926)                    –                 (95)                   (59)               (97)
Refer to previous table for footnotes.

The following tables set out information regarding the change in value of the hedged item used in calculating hedge ineffectiveness as well as the
impacts on the cash flow hedge reserve and cost of hedging reserve.
                                                                                                                                                             Cumulative impact on hedging reserve*
                                                                                                                            Change in
                                                                                                                     value of hedging Change in value of
                                                                                                                       instrument for   hedged item for
                                                                                                                    calculating hedge calculating hedge             Continuing       Discontinued
                                                                                                                      ineffectiveness    ineffectiveness               hedges             hedges
At 26 February 2022                                                                          Hedging instrument                   £m                 £m                    £m                  £m
Interest rate risk
   Index‑linked bonds                                                                    Index-linked swaps                       72                 (72)                   90                   –
   Borrowings                                                                           Interest rate swaps                       (17)                17                     1                   –
Foreign currency risk
   Trade payables                                                                        Forward contracts                        62                 (62)                   39                   –
Interest rate/Foreign currency risk
   MTNs                                                                             Cross-currency swaps                            –                   –                     –                36
* Excludes deferred tax.
                                                                                                                                                             Cumulative impact on hedging reserve
                                                                                                                                                                and cost of hedging reserve*
                                                                                                                            Change in
                                                                                                                     value of hedging Change in value of
                                                                                                                       instrument for   hedged item for
                                                                                                                    calculating hedge calculating hedge             Continuing       Discontinued
                                                                                                                      ineffectiveness    ineffectiveness               hedges             hedges
At 27 February 2021                                                                          Hedging instrument                   £m                 £m                    £m                  £m
Interest rate risk
   Index‑linked bonds                                                                    Index‑linked swaps                       1                    (1)                   71                  –
   Borrowings                                                                           Interest rate swaps                      30                  (30)                    18                  –
Foreign currency risk
   Trade payables                                                                        Forward contracts                       (44)                 44                   (24)                  –
Interest rate/Foreign currency risk
   MTNs                                                                             Cross‑currency swaps                           6                   (6)                    –                43
* Excludes deferred tax.




                                                                                                            TescoReport
                                                                                                Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                        and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                             Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                    2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                            165                                        165
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
      The following table sets out information regarding the effectiveness of hedging relationships designated by the Group, as well as the impacts on
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income:
                                                                                                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                                                                                                          Hedge                  Hedge
                                                                                                                                        Line item in Group      ineffectiveness        ineffectiveness
                                                                                                                                        income statement            recognised             recognised
                                                                                                                                       that includes hedge      in profit or loss      in profit or loss
                                                                                                                                            ineffectiveness                   £m                     £m
      Fair value hedges – interest rate risk
        Borrowings                                                                                                          Finance income/(costs)                                1                 (18)

      The following table presents a reconciliation by risk category of the cash flow hedge and cost of hedging reserves and an analysis of other
      comprehensive income in relation to hedge accounting:
                                                                                                     2022                                                            2021
                                                                                             Cost of hedging                                                   Cost of hedging
                                                                        Hedging reserve              reserve                               Hedging reserve             reserve
                                                                                    £m                   £m                Line item                   £m                  £m                Line item
      Opening balance                                                                90                     –                                          154                 (15)
      Interest rate risk
      Index-linked swaps
      – Net fair value gains/(losses)                                                 26                    –                                            16                   –
      – Amount reclassified to Group income                                           (6)                   –              Finance                      (15)                  –            Finance
         statement                                                                                                    income/costs                                                    income/costs
      Interest rate swaps
      – Net fair value gains/(losses)                                                  17                   –                                           30                    –
      – Amount reclassified to Group income                                          (33)                   –              Finance                       (6)                  –            Finance
         statement                                                                                                    income/costs                                                    income/costs
      Interest rate/Foreign currency risk
      Cross-currency swaps
      – Net fair value gains/(losses)                                                  –                    –                                            (4)                 17
      – Amount reclassified to Group income                                           (6)                   –              Finance                     (65)                   –            Finance
         statement                                                                                                    income/costs                                                    income/costs
      Foreign currency/Commodity risk
      Forward contracts
      – Net fair value gains/(losses)*                                                34                    –                                            (3)                  –
      – Amount reclassified to inventories                                            30                    –           Inventories                    (28)                   –         Inventories
      Tax                                                                            (22)                   –                                             11                 (2)
      Closing balance                                                               130                     –                                           90                    –
      * Relates to inventory cash flow hedges of £33m (2021: £(3)m) and other cash flow hedges of £1m (2021: £nil).


      Sensitivity analysis
      The impact on the financial statements of the Group, including Retail and Tesco Bank, from foreign currency, inflation and interest rate volatility is
      discussed below.
      The analysis excludes the impact of movements in market variables on the carrying value of pension and other post-employment benefit
      obligations and on the retranslation of overseas net assets. However, it does include the foreign exchange sensitivity resulting from local entity
      non-functional currency financial instruments.
      The sensitivity analysis has been prepared on the basis that the amount of net debt, the ratio of fixed to floating interest rates of the debt and
      derivatives portfolio, and the proportion of financial instruments in foreign currencies are all constant and on the basis of the hedge designations
      in place at 26 February 2022. It should be noted that the sensitivity analysis reflects the impact on income and equity due to financial instruments
      held at the balance sheet date. It does not reflect any change in sales or costs that may result from changing interest or exchange rates.




166   Tesco
      166 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                               Financial statements
                                                                                                                                         statements




The following assumptions were made in calculating the sensitivity analysis:
– the sensitivity of interest payable to movements in interest rates is calculated on net floating rate exposures on debt, deposits and derivative
  instruments with no sensitivity assumed for RPI-linked borrowings, which have been swapped to fixed rates;
– changes in the carrying value of derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedges against movements in interest rates or foreign
  exchange rates have an immaterial effect on the Group income statement and equity due to compensating adjustments in the carrying value
  of debt;
– changes in the carrying value of financial instruments designated as net investment hedges against movements in foreign exchange rates are
  recorded directly in the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss);
– all other changes in the carrying value of derivative financial instruments designated as hedging instruments are fully effective with no impact
  on the Group income statement; and
– the floating leg of any swap or any floating rate debt is treated as not having any interest rate already set, therefore a change in interest rates
  affects a full 12-month period for the interest payable portion of the sensitivity calculations.
Using the above assumptions, the following table shows the quantitative effect on the Group income statement and the Group statement of
changes in equity that would result, at the balance sheet date, from changes in interest rates, inflation rates and currency exchange rates that
are reasonably possible for major currencies where there have recently been significant movements:
                                                                                                          2022                              2021
                                                                                                    Income           Equity          Income            Equity
                                                                                                 gain/(loss)     gain/(loss)      gain/(loss)      gain/(loss)
                                                                                                         £m              £m               £m               £m
1% increase in interest rates (2021: 1%)                                                                12                4              (31)              31
10% appreciation of the Euro (2021: 10%)                                                               (19)            (123)              (5)             (96)
10% appreciation of the US Dollar (2021: 10%)                                                           (11)             69                3               97
100 basis points parallel upward shift in the forward inflation curve (2021: 25 basis points)         337                 –              116                –

A decrease in interest rates, depreciation of foreign currencies and downward shift in the forward inflation curve would have the opposite effect
to the impact in the table above.
The impact on the Group income statement resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates against GBP in relation to financial instruments
(excluding those arising on consolidation) is minimal as Group policy dictates that all material income statement foreign exchange exposures
are hedged.
In prior years, the Group entered into a number of derivative index-linked contracts with external counterparties, to economically hedge a
proportion of the Group’s exposure to index-linked lease liabilities with its joint ventures. These are specifically not designated as accounting
hedges, but are economic hedges. However, the gains and losses on the hedging instrument and hedged item do not naturally offset in the Group
income statement. This mismatch arises due to different accounting outcomes of IFRS 9 and IFRS 16, which results in a timing difference.
The impact on the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss) from changing exchange rates results from the revaluation of financial
liabilities used as net investment hedges. The impact on the Group statement of comprehensive income/(loss) will largely be offset by the
revaluation in equity of the hedged assets in the Group statement of changes in equity.

(b) Credit risk
Credit risk represents the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations leading to a financial loss for the Group. Credit risk arises from
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade receivables, other receivables, joint venture and associate loan receivables, loans and
advances to customers and banks, investment securities at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
and derivative financial instruments.
For financial assets other than trade receivables, other receivables, joint ventures and associates loan receivables, and loans and advances to
customers, the Group holds positions with an approved list of investment-grade rated counterparties and monitors the exposure, credit rating,
outlook and credit default swap levels of these counterparties on a regular basis. Counterparty credit limits are reviewed on an annual basis, and
may be updated throughout the financial year. The limits are set to minimise the concentration of risk and are set taking into account the type
and value of the specific financial asset.
For trade receivables, other receivables, joint venture and associate loan receivables, and loans and advances to customers, the Group’s credit
risk is managed with various mitigating controls including credit checks, credit insurance and master netting agreements. Due to the nature of the
Retail and Tesco Bank businesses, there is little concentration of risk due to the large number of customers which are spread across wide
geographical areas.

Maximum exposure to credit risk
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period reflects the carrying amount of each class of financial assets, including
loan commitments which are not recognised on the balance sheet. Joint venture and associate loan receivables in the table below are gross of
deferred profits historically arising from the sale of property assets to joint ventures (see Note 32). The Group’s maximum exposure to credit
risk is £26.8bn (2021: £26.0bn).
The net counterparty exposure under derivative contracts is £0.7bn (2021: £1.2bn).




                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                             167                 167
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
      The Group’s maximum gross exposure to credit risk is analysed below by class of financial instrument, including for financial instruments that are
      not subject to ECL i.e. derivative financial instruments and cash balances with central banks:
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
      Cash and cash equivalents*                                                                                                                                                 2,345           2,510
      Short-term investments                                                                                                                                                     2,076            1,011
      Trade receivables                                                                                                                                                            457             424
      Other receivables                                                                                                                                                            478             430
      Joint venture and associate loan receivables                                                                                                                                  143            160
      Loans and advances to customers – Tesco Bank                                                                                                                               6,490           6,402
      Investment securities at amortised cost                                                                                                                                      857             927
      Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                                                 597               14
      Investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                               25               –
      Derivative financial instruments:
         Interest rate swaps                                                                                                                                                        55              42
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                                                                                      223             298
         Index-linked swaps                                                                                                                                                        666           1,080
         Forward contracts                                                                                                                                                          67              42
      Off balance sheet:
      Loan commitments                                                                                                                                                        12,363             12,668
      Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                                                                                        26,842             26,008
      * Cash balances with central banks of £1.5bn (2021: £1.6bn) are included within cash and cash equivalents.

      For reinsurance assets the maximum exposure to credit risk is their carrying amount.

      Counterparty credit rating
      The table below provides detail of financial assets by long-term credit rating of investment-grade rated counterparties:
                                                                                            2022                                                                      2021
      Rating                                                        AAA            AA              A           BBB          Total            AAA             AA              A            BBB     Total
      Money market funds                                          1,170           350           481              75       2,076             955              –              56             –      1,011
      Investment securities at amortised cost                      529             92           236               –         857             560             65             302             –       927
      Investments at fair value through other                       133            95           238             119         585               –              5               –             –          5
      comprehensive income(a)
      Investments at fair value through profit                        –              2             –               –            2               –             –              –             –         –
      or loss(b)
      Derivative financial assets
         Interest rate swaps                                          –            45             10             –            55                –             9             27              6       42
         Cross-currency swaps                                         –             –            221             2           223                –             –            211             87      298
         Index-linked swaps                                           –             –            115           551           666                –             –            613            467    1,080
         Forward contracts                                            –             2            50             15            67                –             1             27             14       42
      (a) Excludes £12m (2021: £9m) of investments in equity instruments which do not have a credit rating.
      (b) Excludes £23m (2021: £nil) of property fund investments which were recognised following the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting and do not have a credit rating.

      The low credit risk exemption has been applied to cash and cash equivalents, money market funds, investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income (FVOCI), investments at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) and investment securities at amortised cost, except those
      investment securities held in Tesco Bank, as these are held with counterparties with investment-grade ratings (BBB or above) or are short-term
      in nature. The expected credit loss is immaterial.
      Expected credit losses
      For trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables the Group applies the simplified approach with lifetime ECLs recognised from
      initial recognition of the receivables. For loans and advances to customers, short-term investments, investment securities at amortised cost,
      investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and loan receivables from joint ventures and associates, the three-stage model
      for impairment has been applied. The expected lifetime of a financial asset is generally the contractual term.
      The Group’s financial assets are written off when the balance is known not to be recoverable or the Group is time-barred from recovering a
      balance under local legislation.
      The expected credit losses for Retail are immaterial. For details on the expected credit losses relating to Tesco Bank see below.
      Gross loans to related parties of £143m (2021: £160m) are presented net of loss allowances of £nil (2021: £nil) and deferred profits of £38m
      (2021: £38m) on the Group balance sheet. The ECL is determined by multiplying together the probability of default (PD), exposure at default (EAD)
      and the loss given default (LGD) for the relevant time period and for each specific loan and by discounting back to the balance sheet date.
      Reinsurance assets are subject to annual impairment assessment based on the credit ratings of the existing reinsurers which are monitored by
      TU’s Reinsurance Committee.

      (c) Liquidity risk
      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities.
      The Group finances its liquidity position and its operations by a combination of retained profits, disposals of assets, debt capital market issuance,
      commercial paper, bank borrowings and leases. The policy is to maintain a prudent level of cash together with sufficient committed bank facilities
      to meet liquidity needs as they arise, to maintain a smooth debt profile and ensure maturing senior unsecured debt will not exceed £1.5bn in any
      12-month period.




168   Tesco
      168 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                statements




The Group retains access to capital markets so that maturing debt may be refinanced as it falls due and the Group is investment-grade rated with
all three major credit rating agencies.
                                                                                 2022                                                    2021
                                                               Short-term        Long-term                            Short-term         Long-term
                                                                    rating            rating          Outlook              rating             rating       Outlook
Rating agency
Fitch                                                                 F3             BBB–              Stable                 F3             BBB–           Stable
Moody’s                                                              P–3             Baa3              Stable                P–3             Baa3           Stable
Standard & Poor’s                                                    A–3             BBB–              Stable                A–3             BBB–           Stable

The Group has a £15.0bn Euro Medium Term Note programme, of which £3.9bn was in issue at 26 February 2022 (2021: £4.0bn), plus £0.3bn
equivalent of USD-denominated notes issued under 144A documentation (2021: £0.3bn).
Liquidity risk is continuously monitored by short-term and long-term cash flow forecasts.
During the year, the Group issued a £400m sustainability-linked bond (maturing in 2028) in the capital markets.
Borrowing facilities
The Group has the following undrawn committed facilities available at 26 February 2022, in respect of which all conditions precedent had been
met as at that date:
                                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                               £m              £m
Expiring in less than one year                                                                                                                 38              38
Expiring between one and two years                                                                                                              –               –
Expiring in more than two years                                                                                                             2,500           2,500
Total                                                                                                                                       2,538           2,538

During the current financial year, the multicurrency £2.5bn revolving facility was extended for a year, maturing in 2024. The cost of the facility is
linked to three ESG targets and includes the use of risk-free rates rather than LIBOR. All three targets were met during the financial year ending
26 February 2022, leading to a reduction in the interest rate loan margin.
The facility incurs commitment fees at market rates and would provide funding at floating rates. There were no withdrawals from the facility
during the year.
For liquidity risk relating to Tesco Bank, refer to the separate section on Tesco Bank financial risk factors on page 171.
The following is an analysis of the undiscounted contractual cash flows payable under financial liabilities and derivative liabilities, taking into
account contractual terms that provide the counterparty a choice of when (the earliest date) an amount is repaid by the Group. The potential
cash outflow is considered acceptable as it is offset by financial assets.
The undiscounted cash flows will differ from both the carrying values and fair values. Floating-rate interest and inflation is estimated using the
prevailing rate at the balance sheet date. Cash flows in foreign currencies are translated using spot rates at the balance sheet date.
                                                                                Due between        Due between       Due between       Due between
                                                                 Due within           1 and 2           2 and 3           3 and 4           4 and 5     Due beyond
                                                                     1 year             years             years             years             years         5 years
At 26 February 2022                                                     £m                £m                £m                £m                £m              £m
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                             (625)             (757)             (708)             (896)              (701)        (3,720)
Interest payments on borrowings                                        (199)             (197)              (179)            (161)             (134)          (999)
Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                      (4,677)            (444)               (160)              (24)              (25)              –
Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                       (163)               (17)              (115)          (805)                 –               –
Lease liabilities                                                     (934)               (911)           (863)             (840)             (820)          (7,147)
Trade payables                                                      (5,641)                  –                  –               –                 –               –
Other payables                                                      (1,863)                 (11)                –               (1)               (1)           (29)
Accruals                                                              (827)                  –                  –               –                 –               –
Derivative financial liabilities
Net settled derivative contracts – receipts                              4                  9                  4                3                  –              –
Net settled derivative contracts – payments                            (18)              (65)              (148)               (8)                (7)           (10)
Gross settled derivative contracts – receipts                            –                  –                  –                –                  –               1
Gross settled derivative contracts – payments                          (13)               (18)               (17)             (15)              (14)           (68)
Total on balance sheet                                            (14,956)            (2,411)           (2,186)           (2,747)           (1,702)        (11,972)

Off balance sheet
Contractual lending commitments                                    (12,363)                –                 –                 –                 –               –
Total                                                             (27,319)            (2,411)           (2,186)           (2,747)           (1,702)        (11,972)




                                                                                           TescoReport
                                                                               Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                       and Report andStatements
                                                                                                            Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   2022 2022
                                                                                                                                           169                         169
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
                                                                                   Due between     Due between      Due between      Due between
                                                                     Due within          1 and 2        2 and 3          3 and 4          4 and 5     Due beyond
                                                                         1 year            years          years            years            years         5 years
      At 27 February 2021                                                   £m               £m             £m               £m               £m              £m
      Non-derivative financial liabilities
      Bank and other borrowings                                        (1,002)              (53)           (779)           (724)            (888)        (3,844)
      Interest payments on borrowings                                      (199)           (172)           (170)            (151)            (134)         (905)
      Customer deposits – Tesco Bank                                   (4,924)            (488)           (253)             (114)             (24)             –
      Deposits from banks – Tesco Bank                                    (500)               –           (100)                –                –              –
      Lease liabilities                                                   (969)           (939)            (912)           (867)             (841)       (7,999)
      Trade payables                                                     (5,131)              –                –               –                –              –
      Other payables                                                    (1,543)             (23)              (3)              (1)              –            (83)
      Accruals                                                            (956)               –                –               –                –              –
      Derivative financial liabilities
      Net settled derivative contracts – receipts                           69               51             32               26                 4              19
      Net settled derivative contracts – payments                          (88)           (533)           (217)            (186)             (23)            (78)
      Gross settled derivative contracts – receipts                           2               2              2                 1                1               2
      Gross settled derivative contracts – payments                          (7)             (8)           (10)              (11)             (12)            (61)
      Total on balance sheet                                          (15,248)          (2,163)        (2,410)          (2,027)           (1,917)       (12,949)

      Off balance sheet
      Contractual lending commitments                                  (12,668)              –              –                –                 –              –
      Total                                                           (27,916)          (2,163)        (2,410)          (2,027)           (1,917)       (12,949)

      The table below shows information about the timing of cash outflows in relation to insurance claims liabilities, net of salvage and subrogation
      recoveries, based on current best estimates, at 26 February 2022. The estimated phasing is based on current estimates and the actual timing
      of future settlement cash flows may differ from that disclosed below. These cash flows arise for the Group following the acquisition of TU on
      4 May 2021, therefore there are no prior year comparatives.
                                                                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                                                              £m               %
      Due within one year                                                                                                                     83              18
      Due between two to five years                                                                                                          194              41
      Due beyond five years                                                                                                                  195              41
      Total outstanding claims, net of salvage and subrogation recoveries                                                                    472            100

      The Group is not subject to covenants in relation to its facilities and borrowings. There is an element of seasonality in the Group’s operations,
      however the overall impact on liquidity is not considered significant.

      (d) Capital risk
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital (defined as net debt plus equity) are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern in order to provide returns to shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, while protecting and strengthening the Group balance
      sheet through the appropriate balance of debt and equity funding. The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light
      of changes to economic conditions and the strategic objectives of the Group.
      To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, buy back shares and cancel them or
      issue new shares. During the current financial year, the Group has undertaken a share buyback programme and commenced cancellation of
      these shares (refer to Note 31).
      The Group raises finance in the public debt markets and borrows centrally and locally from financial institutions, using a variety of capital market
      instruments and borrowing facilities to meet the requirements of each local business.
      In line with the Group’s objectives, during the current financial year, the Group issued a £400m bond maturing in 2028.
      Refer to Note 33 for the value of the Net debt, and the Group statement of changes in equity for the value of the Group’s equity.

      (e) Operational insurance risk
      The Group is exposed to the risk of being inadequately protected from liabilities arising from unforeseen events in its operations. The Group
      purchased assets, earnings and combined liability protection from the open insurance market for higher value losses only.
      The risk not transferred to the insurance market is retained within the Group with some cover being provided by the Group’s captive
      insurance company, ELH Insurance Limited in Guernsey, which is consolidated in the Group financial statements, covering assets, earnings
      and combined liability.




170   Tesco
      170 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                          statements




Tesco Bank
Information on the management of the financial risks relating to Tesco Bank, which is additional to the information provided for the Group overall,
is set out below.

(a) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk arises mainly where assets and liabilities in Tesco Bank’s banking activities have different repricing dates and from unexpected
changes to the yield curve. Tesco Bank is exposed to interest rate risk through dealings with retail customers as well as through lending to and
borrowing from the wholesale market. Tesco Bank has established limits for risk appetite and stress tests are performed using sensitivity to
fluctuations in underlying interest rates in order to monitor this risk. Tesco Bank also use the capital at risk approach, which assesses the
sensitivity (value change) of a reduction in the Bank’s capital to movements in interest rates.
The scenarios considered include both parallel and non-parallel movements of the yield curve and have been designed to assess impacts across
a suitable range of severe but plausible movements in interest rates. Interest rate risk is primarily managed using interest rate swaps as the main
hedging instrument.

(b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that Tesco Bank has insufficient liquidity resources to meet its obligations as they fall due. Funding risk is the risk that
Tesco Bank does not have sufficiently stable and diverse sources of funding.
Tesco Bank operates within a liquidity risk management policy framework (LRMP) to ensure that sufficient funds are available at all times to meet
demands from depositors, to fund agreed advances, to meet other commitments as and when they fall due, and to ensure risk appetite is met.
Liquidity and funding risks are assessed through the individual liquidity adequacy assessment process on at least an annual basis. Formal limits are
set within the LRMP to maintain liquidity risk exposures within the liquidity risk appetite set by Tesco Bank’s Board of Directors and key liquidity
measures are monitored on a regular basis. Tesco Bank maintains a conservative liquidity and funding profile to confirm that it is able to meet
its financial obligations under normal and stressed market conditions.

(c) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a retail customer or counterparty to a wholesale transaction will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with
contractually agreed terms and Tesco Bank will incur losses as a result. Credit risk principally arises from the Bank’s retail lending activities but
also from the placement of surplus funds with other banks and money market funds, investments in transferable securities and interest rate and
foreign exchange derivatives. In addition, credit risk arises from contractual arrangements with third parties where payments and commissions
are due to the Bank for short periods of time. To minimise the potential exposure to bad debts that are outside risk appetite, processes, systems
and limits have been established that cover the end-to-end retail credit risk customer life cycle. These include credit scoring, affordability,
credit policies and guides, and monitoring and reporting. The Bank is also exposed to wholesale credit risk primarily through its treasury activities.
Controls and risk mitigants include daily monitoring of exposures, investing in counterparties with investment-grade ratings, restricting the
amount that can be invested with one counterparty and credit-rating mitigation techniques. Assessment of the expected credit loss (ECL) on
loans and advances to customers has taken into account a range of macroeconomic scenarios.
Maximum exposure to credit risk
The table below presents Tesco Bank’s maximum exposure to credit risk i.e. total gross exposure, by stages and by class of financial instruments.
For financial assets, the balances are based on gross carrying amounts. For loan commitments, the amounts represent the amounts for which
Tesco Bank is contractually committed:
                                                           Stage 1                                             Stage 2                                             Stage 3               Total
                                                                                   Not past             <30 days            >30 days
                                                                                       due              past due            past due                Total
26 February 2022                                                     £m                 £m                    £m                  £m                  £m                     £m                  £m
Loans and advances to customers                                 5,973                   797                   22                   16                835                     201             7,009
Investment securities at FVOCI                                    585                     –                    –                    –                  –                       –               585
Investment securities at amortised cost                           857                     –                    –                    –                  –                       –               857
Loan commitments – loans and
advances to customers(a)                                       12,029                  325                     2                    1                328                       6             12,363
Total gross exposure                                          19,444                  1,122                   24                   17              1,163                     207            20,814

Loss allowance
Loans and advances to customers(a)                                   95                 247                    9                  10                 266                     128                 489
Investment securities at FVOCI(b)                                     1                   –                    –                   –                   –                       –                   1
Investment securities at amortised cost                               –                   –                    –                   –                   –                       –                   –
Total loss allowance                                                 96                 247                    9                  10                 266                     128                 490

Net exposure
Loans and advances to customers                                 5,878                  550                    13                    6               569                       73             6,520
Investment securities at FVOCI                                    584                    –                     –                    –                 –                        –               584
Investment securities at amortised cost                           857                    –                     –                    –                 –                        –               857
Total net exposure                                              7,319                  550                    13                    6               569                       73             7,961

Coverage
Loans and advances to customers                                      2%                31%                  41%                63%                  32%                  64%                     7%
(a) The loss allowance in respect of loan commitments is included within the total loss allowance for loans and advances to customers above to the extent that it is below the gross carrying amount
    of loans and advances to customers. Where the loss allowance exceeds the gross carrying amount, any excess is included within provisions.
(b) The loss allowance for investment securities at FVOCI is not recognised in the carrying amount of investment securities as the carrying amount is their fair value.




                                                                                                              TescoReport
                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                          and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                               Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                      2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                              171                                      171
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
                                                    Stage 1                              Stage 2                              Stage 3            Total
                                                                        Not past   <30 days        >30 days
                                                                            due    past due        past due      Total
      27 February 2021                                        £m             £m          £m              £m        £m                   £m                 £m
      Loans and advances to customers                    5,749              981         25              25       1,031                  242          7,022
      Investment securities at FVOCI                         5                –          –               –           –                    –              5
      Investment securities at amortised cost              928                –          –               –           –                    –            928
      Loan commitments – loans and
      advances to customers(a)                           12,379            283           2               –         285                    4         12,668
      Total gross exposure                              19,061           1,264          27              25       1,316                  246        20,623

      Loss allowance
      Loans and advances to customers(a)                       131          314          11             16        341                   153               625
      Investment securities at FVOCI                             –            –           –              –          –                     –                 –
      Investment securities at amortised cost                    1            –           –              –          –                     –                 1
      Total loss allowance                                    132           314          11             16        341                   153               626

      Net exposure
      Loans and advances to customers                     5,618            667          14               9       690                    89           6,397
      Investment securities at FVOCI                          5              –           –               –         –                     –               5
      Investment securities at amortised cost               927              –           –               –         –                     –             927
      Total net exposure                                 6,550             667          14               9       690                    89           7,329

      Coverage
      Loans and advances to customers                         2%           32%        44%             64%        33%                63%                    9%
      (a) Refer to previous table for footnote.


      Expected credit losses (ECL)
      The ECL is determined by multiplying together the probability of default (PD), exposure at default (EAD) and loss given default (LGD) for the
      relevant time period and for each asset category and by discounting back to the balance sheet date. The ECL calculation and the measurement
      of significant deterioration in credit risk both incorporate forward-looking information using a range of macroeconomic scenarios, with key
      variables being the Bank of England base rate, unemployment rate and gross domestic product. The key economic variables are based on
      historical patterns observed over a range of economic cycles.
      The tables below present the reconciliations of ECL allowances on loans and advances to customers.
                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                      Stage 1    Stage 2           Stage 3               Total
      26 February 2022                                                                                   £m          £m                £m                  £m
      Gross exposure                                                                                   5,973        835                 201          7,009
      Loan commitments                                                                                12,029        328                   6         12,363
      Total exposure                                                                                 18,002       1,163                 207         19,372

      Allowance for expected credit losses
      At 27 February 2021                                                                               (131)      (341)                (153)            (625)
      Transfers:
      Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                                                                   19         (19)                  –                 –
      Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                                                                  (45)        45                    –                 –
      Transfers to stage 3                                                                                  5        38                  (43)                –
      Transfers from stage 3                                                                               (2)        (3)                  5                 –
      Movements recognised in the Group income statement:
      Net remeasurement following transfer of stage                                                       34         (12)                (58)              (36)
      New financial assets originated                                                                     (21)        (9)                  (4)             (34)
      Financial assets derecognised during the current financial year                                      15         16                    3               34
      Changes in risk parameters and other movements                                                      36         24                   (10)              50
      Other movements:
      Write-offs and asset disposals                                                                        –          2                 132               134
      Transfers to provisions for liabilities and charges                                                  (5)        (7)                  –                (12)
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                (95)      (266)                (128)            (489)

      Reconciliation to Group balance sheet
      Gross exposure                                                                                  5,973         835                  201        7,009
      Allowance for expected credit losses                                                              (95)       (266)                (128)        (489)
                                                                                                      5,878         569                   73        6,520
      Fair value adjustment                                                                                                                            (30)
      Carrying value at 26 February 2022                                                                                                            6,490




172   Tesco
      172 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                                                                                       statements




                                                                                                                      2021
                                                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3           Total
27 February 2021                                                                                    £m              £m                £m              £m
Gross exposure                                                                                   5,749           1,031              242          7,022
Loan commitments                                                                                12,379             285                4         12,668
Total exposure                                                                                  18,128           1,316              246        19,690

Allowance for expected credit losses
At 29 February 2020                                                                                (83)           (219)             (186)        (488)
Transfers:
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                                                                   20             (20)                –               –
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                                                                    (9)              9                –               –
Transfers to stage 3                                                                                  2             42               (44)              –
Transfers from stage 3                                                                               (2)             (2)               4               –
Movements recognised in the Group income statement:
Net remeasurement following transfer of stage                                                         6            (36)              (72)           (102)
New financial assets originated                                                                     (25)             (5)               (2)           (32)
Financial assets derecognised during the current financial year                                       8               9                 3             20
Changes in risk parameters and other movements                                                      (56)          (134)              (83)           (273)
Other movements:
Write-offs and asset disposals                                                                        –              3               227          230
Transfers to provisions for liabilities and charges                                                   8             12                 –           20
At 27 February 2021                                                                                (131)          (341)             (153)        (625)

Reconciliation to Group balance sheet
Gross exposure                                                                                   5,749           1,031              242        7,022
Allowance for expected credit losses                                                               (131)          (341)             (153)       (625)
                                                                                                 5,618            690                 89       6,397
Fair value adjustment                                                                                                                              5
Carrying value at 27 February 2021                                                                                                             6,402

Tesco Bank defines four classifications of credit quality for all credit exposures: high, satisfactory, low and below standard. Credit exposures are
segmented according to the probability of default (PD), with credit impaired reflecting a PD of 100%.
                                                                             12-month PD         Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3           Total
At 26 February 2022                                                                    %            £m              £m                £m              £m
Loans and advances to customers:
High quality                                                                     ≤3.02           5,666            300                  –        5,966
Satisfactory quality                                                       >3.03 – 11.10           288            390                  –          678
Low quality and below standard                                                    ≥11.11            19             145                 –           164
Credit impaired                                                                     100              –               –               201           201
                                                                                                 5,973            835                201        7,009

                                                                             12-month PD         Stage 1         Stage 2          Stage 3           Total
At 27 February 2021                                                                    %            £m               £m               £m              £m
Loans and advances to customers:
High quality                                                                     ≤3.02           5,314             445                –         5,759
Satisfactory quality                                                       >3.03 – 11.10           392             389                –            781
Low quality and below standard                                                    ≥11.11            43              197               –           240
Credit impaired                                                                     100              –                –             242           242
                                                                                                 5,749           1,031              242         7,022

Default
An account is deemed to have defaulted when Tesco Bank considers that a customer is in significant financial difficulty and that the customer
meets certain quantitative and qualitative criteria regarding their ability to make contractual payments when due. This includes instances where:
– the customer makes a declaration of significant financial difficulty;
– the customer or third-party agency communicates that it is probable that the customer will enter bankruptcy or another form of financial
  restructure such as insolvency or repossession;
– the account has been transferred to recoveries and the relationship is terminated;
– an account’s contractual payments are more than 90 days past due; or
– where the customer is deceased.
A loan deemed uncollectable is written off against the related provision after all of the necessary procedures have been completed and the
amount of the loss has been determined. Tesco Bank may write off loans that are still subject to enforcement activity. The outstanding
contractual amount of such assets written off was £110m (2021: £154m).

Significant increase in credit risk
At each reporting date, the change in credit risk of the financial asset is observed using a set of quantitative and qualitative criteria, together
with a backstop based on arrears status. For each financial asset, Tesco Bank compares the lifetime PD at the reporting date with the lifetime
PD that was expected at the reporting date at initial recognition (PD threshold). Tesco Bank has established PD thresholds for each type of
product which vary depending on initial term and term remaining. A number of qualitative criteria are in place such as: forbearance offered to
customers in financial difficulty; risk-based pricing post-origination; credit indebtedness; credit limit decrease; and pre-delinquency information.
As a backstop, Tesco Bank considers that if an account’s contractual payments are more than 30 days past due then a significant increase in
credit risk has taken place.



                                                                                      TescoReport
                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                  and Report andStatements
                                                                                                       Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              2022 2022
                                                                                                                                      173                   173
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
      Tesco Bank has commissioned four scenarios from its third-party provider, all of which were based on an economic outlook that sought to take
      account of the ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic and cost-of-living pressures. These scenarios include a Base scenario, an Upside scenario
      and two different Downside scenarios. As the economic outlook continues to remain uncertain, the scenarios are based on the speed at which
      consumer and business confidence will support the recovery in GDP and the labour market. The Base scenario sees a return to pre-pandemic
      GDP by Q3 2022, with cost-of-living pressures stagnating growth and unemployment peaking at 4.7% by Q2 2022. The Upside scenario sees a
      sharper recovery driven by utilisation of accumulated savings from lockdown periods, while Downside scenario 1 assumes a 6.2% unemployment
      peak by Q2 2022. Downside scenario 2 postulates the impact of recurrent COVID-19 variants driving new restrictions, with subsequent GDP
      declines and an 8.0% unemployment peak in Q2 2022. These scenarios are also reviewed to ensure an unbiased estimate of ECL by ensuring the
      credit loss distribution under a larger number of scenarios is adequately captured using these four scenarios and their respective weightings. The
      Base, Upside, Downside 1 and Downside 2 scenarios have been assigned weighting of 40%, 30%, 25% and 5% respectively.
      The economic scenarios used include the following ranges of key indicators:
                                                                                                                                      Base             Upside           Downside 1        Downside 2
      As at 26 February 2022 (five-year average)                                                                                      40%                30%                 25%                 5%
      Bank of England base rate        (a)
                                                                                                                                    1.0%                1.2%                0.7%               0.4%
      Gross domestic product(b)                                                                                                     1.8%                2.2%                1.5%                1.2%
      Unemployment rate                                                                                                             4.1%                3.9%                4.9%               6.3%
      Unemployment rate peak in year                                                                                                4.2%                3.9%                5.1%               6.7%

                                                                                                                                      Base             Upside           Downside 1        Downside 2
      As at 27 February 2021 (five-year average)                                                                                      40%                30%                 25%                 5%
      Bank of England base rate(a)                                                                                                  0.1%                0.2%                 0.1%               0.1%
      Gross domestic product(b)                                                                                                     2.6%                3.5%                 2.2%               1.8%
      Unemployment rate                                                                                                             5.5%                4.7%                 6.7%               8.6%
      Unemployment rate peak in year                                                                                                5.8%                4.9%                 7.4%               9.3%
      (a) Simple average.
      (b) Annual growth rates.

      Key assumptions and sensitivity
      The key assumptions to which the Tesco Bank ECL is most sensitive are macroeconomic factors, probability of default (PD), loss given default
      (LGD), PD threshold (staging), and expected lifetime (revolving credit facilities). The table below sets out the changes in the ECL allowance that
      would arise from reasonably possible changes in these assumptions from those used in Tesco Bank’s calculations as at 26 February 2022 and
      excludes specific management overlays which are discussed further below.
                                                                                                                                                                      Impact on the loss allowance
                                                                                                                                                                              2022                2021
      Key assumption                                                                     Reasonably possible change                                                            £m                  £m
      Closing ECL allowance                                                                                                                                                   489                625
      Macroeconomic factors (100% weighted)                                              Upside scenario                                                                       (27)               (66)
                                                                                         Base scenario                                                                         (13)                  (1)
                                                                                         Downside scenario 1                                                                    31                  57
                                                                                         Downside scenario 2                                                                   110                 117
      Probability of default                                                             Increase of 2.5%                                                                         6                   8
                                                                                         Decrease of 2.5%                                                                       (6)                 (8)
      Loss given default                                                                 Increase of 2.5%                                                                         7                 10
                                                                                         Decrease of 2.5%                                                                        (7)               (10)
      Probability of default threshold (staging)                                         Increase of 20%                                                                        (9)                  (7)
                                                                                         Decrease of 20%                                                                        13                   11
      Expected lifetime (revolving credit facility)                                      Increase of 1 year                                                                      11                   9
                                                                                         Decrease of 1 year                                                                    (10)                 (9)

      COVID-19 and cost-of-living pressures have had a significant impact on the UK economy and there remains a large degree of uncertainty around
      the scale and stress of the peak of the economic downturn and the speed and shape of any subsequent recovery. While there has been
      significant recovery observed in the wider economy, the degree of uncertainty remains high. As a result, Tesco Bank has recognised certain
      specific management overlays, to address the prevailing downside risks and ensure the potential impacts of future stress are adequately
      provided for, detailed below:
                                                                                                                                                                             2022                2021
      Overlay                                                                            Description of adjustment                                                            £m                  £m
      Consumer spending          (a)
                                                                                         In respect of the beneficial modelling impact of lower                                113                129
                                                                                         consumer spending through the pandemic
      Cost of living(b)                                                                  A portion of Tesco Bank’s customers may be more                                        75                   –
                                                                                         impacted by cost-of-living pressures, with deterioration
                                                                                         in their ability to repay unsecured lending balances
      Emergence of customer defaults                                                     The emergence of defaults will be more aligned with                                    19                   –
                                                                                         previous economic downturns
      War in Ukraine                                                                     Further potential inflationary pressures on cost of living                              6                  –
      Customer support                                                                   The impact of customer support measures on arrears                                      –                 64
                                                                                         and defaults
      Payment holidays                                                                   Increase in credit risk in respect of customers who                                     –                  21
                                                                                         sought an extension to their initial payment holiday
      Total overlays                                                                                                                                                          213                 214
      (a) An increase or decrease of 10% on the adjustment for lower drawn balances would not result in a material increase or decrease of this management overlay.
      (b) Expanding the affected population to include customers who are five points lower on the indebtedness index would increase the overlay by £41m.




174   Tesco
      174 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                 statements




Forbearance
Tesco Bank could be exposed to unacceptable levels of bad debt and also suffer reputational damage if it did not provide adequate support to
customers who are experiencing financial difficulties. Forbearance is relief granted by a lender to assist customers in financial difficulty, through
arrangements which temporarily allow the customer to pay an amount other than the contractual amounts due. These temporary arrangements
may be initiated by the customer or Tesco Bank where financial distress would prevent repayment within the original terms and conditions of the
contract. The main aim of forbearance is to support customers in returning to a position where they are able to meet their contractual
obligations.
Tesco Bank has adopted the definition of forbearance in the European Banking Authority’s (EBA) final draft Implementing Technical Standards (ITS)
of July 2014 and reports all accounts meeting this definition, providing for them appropriately.
Tesco Bank has well defined forbearance policies and processes. A number of forbearance options are made available to customers.
These routinely, but not exclusively, include the following:
– arrangements to repay arrears over a period of time, by making payments above the contractual amount, that ensure the loan is repaid within
  the original repayment term; and
– short-term concessions, where the borrower is allowed to make reduced repayments (or in exceptional circumstances, no repayments) on a
  temporary basis to assist with short-term financial hardship.
                                                                    Gross loans and               Forbearance programmes as a              Proportion of forbearance
                                                                  advances subject to              proportion of total loans and       programmes covered by allowance
                                                               forbearance programmes                 advances by category                 for expected credit losses
                                                                     2022             2021                2022                  2021              2022                2021
                                                                       £m              £m                    %                    %                 %                   %
Credit cards                                                         106               119                    3                   4                 51                50
Loans                                                                 39               48                     1                   1                 47                56

(d) Insurance risk
The Group is exposed to insurance risk through its wholly owned subsidiary, TU. The Group defines insurance risk as the risks accepted through
the provision of insurance products in return for a premium. These risks may or may not occur as expected and the amount and timing of these
risks are uncertain and determined by events outside of the Group’s control (e.g. flood or vehicular accident). TU operates a separate risk
framework with dedicated risk and compliance teams and a suite of TU risk policies to ensure that the TU insurance portfolio is operating within
agreed risk appetite.
Types of insurance risk
Risks                     Description of risks                                       Mitigation
Underwriting              Policies not priced correctly due to underestimating       The Group has large numbers of policyholders with homogeneous
                          the frequency and/or severity of the claims and/or         exposures such as car and home policies. Products are priced
                          that payments are required under conditions that           based on the Group’s knowledge using past exposures, historical
                          were not anticipated.                                      losses (plus an appropriate allowance for IBNR losses) and external
                                                                                     data sources, with the appropriate adjustments to reflect
                                                                                     anticipated future market conditions and expenses.
Claims reserving          Estimates of insurance liabilities prove to be             The aim of the reserving policy is to provide estimates of
                          insufficient through inaccurate forecasting, adverse       insurance liabilities that are accurate and reliable across each line
                          random variation and additional expenses.                  of business and are consistent over the time period required to
                                                                                     settle all the claims. Provisions are monitored on an ongoing basis
                                                                                     by a Reserving Committee and the TU Board, and an annual
                                                                                     independent review is undertaken.
Claims management         Claims management risk may arise in the event of           The Group’s approach to claims management focuses upon
                          inaccurate or incomplete case reserving or                 creating a successful balance between satisfying the needs of the
                          settlement, poor customer service, claims fraud,           customer against control of the overall cost of the provision of
                          ineffective or inefficient claim processes or              the service that meets those needs in agreement with its service
                          excessive costs of handling claims.                        provider. Customers include both the insured as well as others
                                                                                     that believe the insured has breached a duty of care.
Reinsurance               Reinsurance contracts, placed to reduce exposure           The reinsurance programme is subject to considerable scenario
                          to specific risks, events, and accumulations, fail to      planning and approved by the Reinsurance Committee and the
                          perform as planned and do not reduce the gross             TU Board. All reinsurers in the reinsurance programme have a
                          cost of claims in terms of the limits purchased,           minimum credit rating of A.
                          by risks not being appropriately covered, by
                          reinsurance bad debts or by there not being gaps
                          in the programme.




                                                                                         TescoReport
                                                                             Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                     and Report andStatements
                                                                                                          Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 2022 2022
                                                                                                                                         175                                 175
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 26 Financial risk management continued
      Concentration of insurance risk
      Concentration of insurance risk may exist where a particular event or series of events could impact significantly upon the Group’s liabilities. Such
      concentrations may arise from a single insurance contract or through a small number of related contracts. The following are key categories of
      concentration risks that might result in significant impacts to the Group:
      Category                Description                                              Mitigation
      High-severity, low      High-severity, low frequency events (e.g. natural        Making appropriate allowance within the price calculated by
      frequency               disasters) represent a material risk as the occurrence   underwriters and by purchasing a reinsurance programme that
      concentrations          of such an event would have a significant adverse        limits the impact of these events, using non-proportional
                              impact on TU’s cash flows and profitability.             reinsurance treaties to manage retention levels and the limits
                                                                                       of protection.
      Geographic and          Material geographical concentrations of risk exist       The Group only writes policies in the UK and Channel Islands.
      demographic             in property portfolios such that natural disasters       TU models its exposure to this risk to estimate its probable
      concentrations          (e.g. floods) may give rise to a large number of         maximum loss and purchases reinsurance to significantly reduce
                              material damage and business interruption claims.        its exposure to such events.
      Economic conditions The insurance portfolio exposes a potential                  The Group aims to ensure it charges the right premium for the
                          accumulation of different risks in the event of difficult    business underwritten and it focuses on maintaining prices in
                          economic conditions or more challenging points in            such difficult market conditions. It also monitors claims closely
                          the underwriting cycle.                                      to identify any that may be exaggerated or fraudulent.
      Total aggregate         The total aggregate exposure that the Group is           The exposures are monitored on a regular basis by reviewing
      exposure                prepared to accept in relation to concentrations         reports which show the key aggregations to which the Group is
                              of risk.                                                 exposed and by using a number of modelling tools to monitor
                                                                                       aggregation and simulate catastrophe losses in order to measure
                                                                                       the effectiveness of the reinsurance programmes, and to quantify
                                                                                       the net exposure. Additional stress and scenario tests are run
                                                                                       using these models during the year.
      Third-party injury     The increase in the frequency and value of third-party The Group monitors the development of this risk closely, adjusting
      claims and credit hire injury claims, arising mainly in the motor market,      the prices of its products accordingly.
                             driven by an increased level of litigation and the
                             activities of companies actively persuading potential
                             victims to instigate claims. In addition, the growth in
                             credit hire has also had a significant impact.

      TU has carried out sensitivity analyses on the reasonably possible changes in its key business drivers, including interest yields, expenses and gross
      loss ratio, as well as executing the stress and scenario testing programme on the insurance risk as part of their contingency planning. These do
      not indicate a material impact to the Group’s overall financial position and performance.

      Insurance capital
      Solvency II (SII) came into force on 1 January 2016. It provides a framework for managing and measuring the risks and the solvency position for
      all insurance companies in the EU. Following the UK's departure from the EU, the SII framework continues to be applied in the UK and its
      requirements are applicable to TU. TU assesses its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) using a Partial Internal Model for capital which was
      approved by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) in 2020. TU models a range of stress and scenario tests that are published in its annual
      Solvency and Financial Condition Report. These show that TU's capital position is resilient to a range of possible scenarios. TU also maintains a
      capital contingency plan supported by its direct shareholder, Tesco Personal Finance plc. Available capital has remained above the SCR
      requirement during the period to 26 February 2022; and capital coverage of TU's SCR at the end of February 2022 was 151.0% (unaudited).

      Note 27 Customer deposits and deposits from banks
                                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                                        £m              £m
      Customer deposits                                                                                                               5,327          5,738
      Deposits from banks                                                                                                             1,052            600
                                                                                                                                      6,379          6,338
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                         4,729           5,321
      Non-current                                                                                                                     1,650           1,017
                                                                                                                                      6,379          6,338

      Deposits from banks include balances of £nil (2021: £500m) drawn under the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme (TFS) and £902m (2021:
      £100m) drawn under the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with incentives for small and medium-sized enterprises (TFSME). Also included
      are balances of £150m (2021: £nil) which have been sold under sale repurchase agreements.




176   Tesco
      176 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                                                                                                                              statements




Note 28 Provisions
                                                                                                    Legal and     Operational
                                                                 Property      Restructuring       regulatory      insurance               Other
                                                                provisions        provisions       provisions      provisions          provisions          Total
                                                                       £m                £m                £m             £m                  £m             £m
At 27 February 2021                                                   132                   –            123                 10               40           305
Foreign currency translation                                             –                  –               (1)               (1)               –             (2)
Reclassifications                                                        –                  –               –              149                  –           149
Amount released in the year                                           (32)                 (2)             (5)             (49)                 (1)         (89)
Amount provided in the year                                           120                 70             253                 73                 5           521
Amount utilised in the year                                             (8)              (24)           (326)               (47)              (14)         (419)
Unwinding of discount                                                    1                  –               –                 –                 –              1
At 26 February 2022                                                   213                 44              44               135                30           466

The balances are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                             2022          2021
                                                                                                                                              £m            £m
Current                                                                                                                                      283            186
Non-current                                                                                                                                   183            119
                                                                                                                                             466           305

Provisions are discounted based on the relevant risk-free rate and are risk-adjusted through adjusting the cash flow estimates. Refer to Note 15
for details of how risk-free rates are derived.
Property provisions
Property provisions comprise onerous contracts related to unprofitable stores and vacant properties, decommissioning provisions and
remediation works and dilapidations provisions.
Dilapidations are recognised where there is a present obligation to repair and restore leased properties to their preoccupancy state at the end
of the lease term. The provision is based on best estimates for individual properties, with reference to previous experience and size of leased
property, or specific agreements with the landlord where relevant. The term is measured in accordance with the outstanding length of leases or
the expected timing of specific obligations.
Onerous contract provisions are recognised where the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic
benefits expected to be received under it. The timing of provisions is determined by reference to the contract giving rise to the obligations.
Decommissioning provisions reflect the Group’s long-term obligation for site-level environmental remediation works, arising from government regulations
and changing consumer habits. The extent and cost of future environmental remediation represents a best estimate applied across the property portfolio
based on past experience, the extent of remediation work required and the expected timing of activity, for which there is a high level of uncertainty.
Amounts provided in the year primarily relate to decommissioning, and amounts released in the year primarily relate to releases of dilapidation
and similar remediation provisions.
The expected undiscounted aging of property provisions as at 26 February 2022:
                                                                  Current        1 to 5 years    6 to 10 years    11 to 15 years     Over 15 years         Total
                                                                      £m                  £m               £m                £m                £m            £m
Property provisions                                                    37                 51               23                12               135          258

Restructuring provisions
Restructuring provisions of £44m, primarily relating to expected employee costs, are expected to be fully utilised in the following financial year to
25 February 2023. The provision is calculated in line with the expected settlement costs of impacted employees and excludes future operating costs.
Legal and regulatory provisions
Legal and regulatory provisions contain balances in relation to either ongoing or expected legal proceedings against the Group, or for costs
associated with regulatory matters and/or breaches. Due to the nature of legal and regulatory matters, including unpredictable timings of legal
cases or regulatory investigations, there is often uncertainty as to when provisions will be fully utilised.
During the year, the Group recognised a charge of £193m in relation to 2020 claims against Tesco PLC for matters arising out of or in connection
with the overstatement of expected profit announced in 2014. These claims were settled in full during the year and, given that the legal timeframe
for bringing a claim has now elapsed, no further related claims can be brought by shareholders.
During the year, an Arbitral Tribunal made findings of liability relating to claims regarding the sale of Homeplus (Korea) against the Group and
made a Final Award of £119m in damages, interest and costs. Arbitration judgments are final and may not be appealed by either party. The Group
recognised a charge of £33m within discontinued operations, increasing the provision held. The Final Award was cash settled during the year.
Other legal and regulatory provisions of £44m include a £14m (2021: £22m) provision relating to customer redress from Payment Protection
Insurance (PPI) sales, with the remainder relating to various individually immaterial provisions.
Operational insurance provisions
Insurance provisions relate to outstanding liabilities from public and employer's liability and third-party motor claims across the Group’s trading
operations, separate to the Tesco Underwriting insurance balances in Note 23. Provisions relate to claims arising from incidents reported prior
to the reporting date, including an allowance for those currently incurred but not reported. Amounts are measured considering claims history,
including claims volume and average cost of claims, with assessment and projection by third-party actuaries. Releases in the year primarily relate
to improved estimates of future outflows from revised actuarial valuations. The balance as at the financial year end is expected to be materially
utilised within three years from the reporting date. This was reclassified to a provision during the financial year from trade and other payables,
reflecting the uncertainties around the expected outflow for these balances.
Other provisions
Other provisions amounts primarily relate to a Tesco Bank expected credit loss provision recognised under IFRS 9 which exceeds the gross
carrying amount of the related financial asset, primarily loans to customers. Further information on expected credit losses can be found within
Note 26. The remaining balance relates to individually immaterial provisions that do not fall into any of the other categories.
                                                                                          TescoReport
                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                      and Report andStatements
                                                                                                           Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  2022 2022
                                                                                                                                          177                       177
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 29 Share-based payments
      The Group income statement charge for the financial year recognised in respect of share-based payments is £122m (2021: £73m), comprising
      £122m (2021: £69m) of continuing operations and £nil (2021: £4m) of discontinued operations, which is made up of share option schemes and
      share bonus payments. Of this amount, £109m (2021: £64m) will be settled in equity (refer to Note 31) and £13m (2021: £9m) in cash representing
      National Insurance contributions.
      The share-based payment income statement charge is split in the cash flow statement with £66m (2021: £30m) in the ‘share-based payment’
      non-cash movement line and £56m (2021: £43m) in the working capital movement ‘Increase/decrease in trade and other payables’ line, where
      the latter represents shares withheld from employees in order to settle their tax liability and National Insurance. The ‘own shares purchased for
      share schemes’ financing cash outflow of £144m (2021: £66m) represents £191m (2021: £213m) cash paid to purchase own shares including related
      fees and taxes, offset by £47m (2021: £147m) cash received from employees exercising SAYE options.

      Share option schemes
      The Company had 11 share option schemes in operation during the financial year, all of which are equity-settled schemes:
      i. The Savings-related Share Option Scheme (1981) permits the grant to colleagues of options in respect of Ordinary shares linked to a building
            society/bank save-as-you-earn contract for a term of three or five years with contributions from colleagues of an amount between £5 and
            £500 per four-weekly period. Options are capable of being exercised at the end of the three or five-year period at a subscription price of not
            less than 80% of the average of the middle-market quotations of an Ordinary share over the three dealing days immediately preceding the
            offer date.
      ii. The Irish Savings-related Share Option Scheme (2000) permits the grant to ROI colleagues of options in respect of Ordinary shares linked to a
            building society/bank save-as-you-earn contract for a term of three or five years with contributions from colleagues of an amount between
            €12 and €500 per four-weekly period. Options are capable of being exercised at the end of the three or five-year period at a subscription
            price of not less than 80% of the average of the middle-market quotations of an Ordinary share over the three dealing days immediately
            preceding the offer date.
      iii. The Executive Incentive Plan (2004) permitted the grant of options in respect of Ordinary shares to selected senior executives. Options
            are normally exercisable between three and 10 years from the date of grant for nil consideration. No further options will be granted under
            this scheme.
      iv. The Executive Incentive Plan (2014) permits the grant of options in respect of Ordinary shares to selected senior executives as a proportion of annual
            bonus following the completion of a required service period and is dependent on the achievement of corporate performance and individual targets.
            Options are normally exercisable between three and 10 years from the date of grant for nil consideration.
      v. The Performance Share Plan (2011) permits the grant of options in respect of Ordinary shares to selected executives. Options are normally
            exercisable between the vesting date(s) set at grant and 10 years from the date of grant for nil consideration. The vesting of options will
            normally be conditional upon the achievement of specified performance targets over a three-year period and/or continuous employment.
      vi. The Group Bonus Plan permitted the grant of options in respect of Ordinary shares to selected senior executives as a proportion of annual
            bonus following the completion of a required service period and is dependent on the achievement of corporate performance and individual
            targets. Options are normally exercisable between three and 10 years from the date of grant for nil consideration. No further options will be
            granted under this scheme.
      vii. The Long Term Incentive Plan (2015) permits the grant of options in respect of Ordinary shares to selected executives. Options are normally
            exercisable between the vesting date(s) set at grant and 10 years from the date of grant for nil consideration. The vesting of options will
            normally be conditional upon the achievement of specified performance targets over a three-year period and/or continuous employment.
      viii. The Booker Group PLC Savings Related Share Option Plan (2008) (Booker SAYE) permitted the grant to Booker colleagues of options in respect
            of Ordinary shares in Booker Group PLC (Booker Shares) linked to a building society/bank save-as-you-earn contract for a term of three years
            with contributions from Booker colleagues of an amount between £5 and £500 per four-weekly period. Following completion of the
            acquisition of Booker Group PLC by Tesco PLC, Booker colleagues elected to roll over their existing options over Booker Shares under the
            Booker SAYE into equivalent options over Ordinary shares in Tesco PLC (Tesco Shares). The options over Tesco Shares are capable of being
            exercised at the end of the three-year period at a subscription price equivalent to not less than 80% of the average of the middle-market
            quotations of a Booker Share over the three dealing days immediately preceding the offer date.
      ix. The Booker Group PLC Performance Share Plan (2008) (Booker PSP) permitted the grant of options in respect of Booker Shares to selected
            Booker senior colleagues (Booker PSP Options). Under the Booker PSP, tax approved Company Share Option Plan options (Booker CSOP
            Options) were also granted to selected Booker senior colleagues. Following completion of the acquisition of Booker Group PLC by Tesco PLC,
            Booker senior colleagues elected to roll over their existing Booker PSP and Booker CSOP Options over Booker Shares into equivalent options
            over Tesco Shares. Booker PSP Options are normally exercisable between the third anniversary of the original date of grant and 10 years from
            the date of grant for nil consideration. The vesting of options is normally conditional upon the achievement of specified performance targets
            over a three-year period and continuous employment. Conditional on the vesting of the relevant Booker PSP Options, Booker CSOP Options
            are normally exercisable between the third anniversary of the original date of grant and 10 years from the date of grant at a subscription price
            equivalent to the market value of the Booker Shares at the time of grant.
      x. The Savings-related Share Option Scheme (2021) permits the grant to UK colleagues of options in respect of Ordinary shares linked to a
            building society/bank save-as-you-earn contract for a term of three or five years with contributions from colleagues of an amount between
            £5 and £500 per four-weekly period. Options are capable of being exercised at the end of the three or five-year period at a subscription
            price of not less than 80% of the average of the middle-market quotations of an Ordinary share over the three dealing days immediately
            preceding the offer date.
      xi. The International Savings-related Share Option Scheme (2021) permits the grant to colleagues outside the UK of options in respect of Ordinary
            shares linked to a savings scheme for a term of three or five years with contributions from colleagues of an amount between the local
            currency equivalent of £5 and £500 per four-weekly period. Options are capable of being exercised at the end of the three or five-year period
            at a subscription price of not less than 80% of the average of the middle-market quotations of an Ordinary share over the three dealing days
            immediately preceding the offer date.




178   Tesco
      178 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                        statements




The following tables reconcile the number of share options outstanding and the weighted average exercise price (WAEP):

For the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022
                                                                                                                                                                             Booker Group PLC
                                                    Savings-related              Irish Savings-related               Nil cost             Booker Group PLC Savings           Performance Share
                                                 Share Option Scheme            Share Option Scheme           Share Option Scheme         Related Share Option Plan             Plan Scheme
                                                   Options          WAEP          Options            WAEP      Options         WAEP           Options         WAEP           Options         WAEP
Outstanding at                               166,407,076          193.86      7,586,269          194.35      7,217,383              –       686,755         152.58          860,757             –
27 February 2021
Granted                                          37,771,601      242.00       1,440,203          260.00         217,095             –               –              –                –           –
Forfeited                                      (17,812,002)       200.19      (1,212,568)          191.82             –             –        (151,253)        151.93          (68,551)          –
Exercised                                     (25,881,262)        169.98      (1,012,393)         170.70     (5,421,992)            –       (525,085)        152.78         (250,690)           –
Outstanding at                               160,485,413         208.34       6,801,511           212.23     2,012,486              –          10,417        152.01          541,516            –
26 February 2022
Exercise price range (pence)                                    151.00 to                     168.00 to                             –                     137.45 to                             –
                                                                  242.00                        260.00                                                       152.78
Weighted average remaining                                           2.68                          2.59                          4.22                          0.49                             –
contractual life (years)*
Exercisable at                                  2,014,843         189.58          78,774         189.57      2,012,486              –           2,171       149.09           541,516            –
26 February 2022
Exercise price range (pence)                                    151.00 to                     168.00 to                             –                     137.45 to                             –
                                                                  190.00                        190.00                                                       152.78
Weighted average remaining                                           0.42                          0.42                          4.22                          0.41                             –
contractual life (years)*
* Contractual life represents the period from award to the scheme end date. Certain schemes may be exercised later than vesting date at the discretion of the individual.

Share options were exercised on a regular basis throughout the financial year. The average share price during the 52 weeks ended 26 February
2022 was 254.05p (2021: 227.07p).

For the 52 weeks ended 27 February 2021
                                                                                                                                                                             Booker Group PLC
                                                   Savings-related               Irish Savings-related               Nil cost             Booker Group PLC Savings           Performance Share
                                                Share Option Scheme             Share Option Scheme           Share Option Scheme*        Related Share Option Plan             Plan Scheme
                                                  Options          WAEP           Options            WAEP       Options         WAEP          Options         WAEP           Options         WAEP
Outstanding at                               215,812,094          175.06      6,855,613          185.35     18,455,841              –     5,100,149          151.21     4,976,236               –
29 February 2020
Granted                                       60,005,859          198.00      2,800,186          198.00         516,622             –               –             –               –            –
Forfeited                                     (18,268,028)         197.73       (808,107)        194.80     (3,675,500)             –        (271,569)      149.39       (2,257,156)           –
Exercised                                      (91,142,849)        151.29     (1,261,423)        153.20     (8,079,580)             –      (4,141,825)       151.10     (1,858,323)            –
Outstanding at                               166,407,076          193.86     7,586,269           194.35      7,217,383              –       686,755         152.58         860,757             –
27 February 2021
Exercise price range (pence)                                   150.00 to                      150.00 to                             –                     137.45 to                            –
                                                                  219.00                         219.00                                                      152.78
Weighted average remaining                                          2.86                           2.78                          5.18                          0.42                            –
contractual life (years)
Exercisable at                                  4,780,919          151.11       108,223          151.00      7,217,383              –       686,755         152.58          860,757             –
27 February 2021
Exercise price range (pence)                                   150.00 to                      150.00 to                             –                     137.45 to                            –
                                                                  219.00                         219.00                                                      152.78
Weighted average remaining                                          0.42                           0.42                          5.18                          0.42                            –
contractual life (years)
* The special dividend and associated share consolidation had a neutral impact to the number of options in the prior year.

The fair value of savings-related share options schemes is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
following table gives the assumptions applied to the options granted in the respective periods shown. No assumption has been made to
incorporate the effects of expected early exercise.
                                                                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                                                                        SAYE                SAYE
Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                                       4.10–4.17          4.90–5.05
Expected volatility (%)                                                                                                                                         21.79-21.89        23.00–25.60
Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                                                       1.38-1.39           0.15–0.26
Expected life of option (years)                                                                                                                                      3 or 5               3 or 5
Weighted average fair value of options granted (pence)                                                                                                                38.52                27.13
Probability of forfeiture (%)                                                                                                                                          7-10                6–10
Share price (pence)                                                                                                                                                 268.50               219.60
Weighted average exercise price (pence)                                                                                                                             242.00               198.00

Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a price is expected to fluctuate during a period. The measure of volatility used in the Group’s
option pricing models is the annualised standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a period of time.
In estimating the future volatility of the Company’s share price, the Board considers the historical volatility of the share price over the most recent
period that is generally commensurate with the expected term of the option, taking into account the remaining contractual life of the option.

Share bonus and incentive schemes
Selected executives participate in the Annual Bonus Plan and Deferred Bonus Plan, performance-related bonus schemes. The amount paid to
colleagues is based on a percentage of salary and is paid partly in cash and partly in shares. Bonuses are awarded to selected executives who
have completed a required service period and depend on the achievement of corporate and individual performance targets.
Selected executives participate in the Performance Share Plan (2011), the Long Term Incentive Plan (2015) and the Long Term Incentive Plan (2021).
Awards made under these plans will normally vest on the vesting date(s) set on the date of the award for nil consideration. Vesting will normally be
conditional on the achievement of specified performance targets over a three-year performance period and/or continuous employment.




                                                                                                              TescoReport
                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                          and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                               Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                      2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                              179                                   179
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 29 Share-based payments continued
      The Executive Directors participate in short-term bonus and long-term incentive schemes designed to align their interests with those of
      shareholders. Full details of these schemes can be found in the Directors’ remuneration report.
      The fair value of shares awarded under these schemes is their market value on the date of award. Expected dividends are not incorporated
      into the fair value.
      The number and weighted average fair value (WAFV) of share bonuses granted during the financial year were:
                                                                                                                             2022                       2021
                                                                                                                      Number         WAFV        Number         WAFV
                                                                                                                     of shares       pence      of shares       pence
      Group Bonus Plan                                                                                             10,713,313       232.25    15,502,105       246.70
      Performance Share Plan                                                                                      41,639,089        240.31   25,024,909         221.72
      Joining award*                                                                                               2,336,887        223.35             –             –
      * Joining award granted during the financial year to Executive Directors under Listing Requirement 9.4.2.

      Note 30 Post-employment benefits
      Pensions
      The Group operates a variety of post-employment benefit arrangements, covering both funded and unfunded defined benefit schemes and
      defined contribution schemes.

      Defined contribution
      Defined contribution schemes are open to all Tesco employees in the UK.
      Under the Group’s defined contribution pension schemes, employees of the Group pay contributions to an independently administered fund,
      into which the Group also pays contributions based upon a fixed percentage of the employee’s contributions. The Group has no further payment
      obligations once its contributions have been paid. Contributions paid for defined contribution schemes in continuing operations of £361m (2021:
      £347m) have been recognised in the Group income statement. This includes £136m (2021: £132m) of salaries paid as pension contributions.

      Defined benefit schemes
      The Group has a defined benefit pension deficit of £303m (2021: £1,222m deficit), and a defined benefit pension surplus of £3,150m (2021: £nil),
      comprising a number of schemes. The most significant schemes are for the Group’s employees in the UK, which are closed to future accrual,
      and ROI. The defined benefit pension surplus in the UK represents 103% (2021: 86%) of the net Group surplus/deficit.
      The Trustees of the Londis Pension Scheme entered into a buy-in agreement to secure the Londis Scheme’s pension benefits in full with
      an insurer through the purchase of a bulk annuity policy. A premium of £8m was paid to the insurer on 24 March 2021. The Londis Scheme
      Trustees have subsequently announced that the buy-in will be converted to a buy-out, with individual annuity policies issued to the Londis
      Scheme members, and the Londis Scheme will be wound up. Commencement of the wind-up was triggered on 29 June 2021. The income
      statement charge in respect of this transaction is £1m based on the market conditions on the wind-up date and has been included in the
      Group income statement.
      United Kingdom
      The principal plan within the Group is the Tesco PLC Pension Scheme (the Scheme), the assets of which are held as a segregated fund and
      administered by the Trustee.
      The Scheme is established under trust law and has a corporate trustee (the Trustee) that is required to run the Scheme in accordance with the
      Scheme’s Trust Deed and Rules and to comply with all relevant legislation. Responsibility for governance of the Scheme lies with the Trustee.
      The Trustee is a company whose directors comprise:
      1. representatives of the Group;
      2. independent trustees; and
      3. representatives of the Scheme participants, in accordance with its articles of association and UK pension law.

      Scheme funding
      The Group considers two measures of the pension surplus/deficit. The accounting position is shown on the Group balance sheet. The funding
      position, calculated at the triennial actuarial assessment, is used to agree contributions made to the schemes. The two measures will vary
      because they are for different purposes, and are calculated at different dates and in different ways. The key calculation difference is that the
      funding position considers the expected returns of scheme assets when calculating the liability, whereas the accounting position calculated
      under IAS 19 discounts liabilities based on corporate bond yields.
      The most recent completed triennial funding assessment of the Scheme was performed as at 31 December 2019 using the projected unit credit
      method. After the £2.5bn contribution from the Group’s sale of its operations in Thailand and Malaysia, the funding position was a surplus of
      £570m. The market value of the Scheme’s assets was £18,492m and these assets represented 103% of the benefits that had accrued to
      members, after allowing for expected increases in pensions in payment.
      Subsequent to the last triennial actuarial assessment it was agreed that no further pension deficit contributions would be required, with
      contributions being assessed at the 31 March 2022 triennial review. The £2.5bn contribution has significantly reduced the prospect of having to
      make further pension deficit contributions in the future. The Group currently pay £25m per annum to meet expenses of the Scheme, including
      the Pension Protection Fund levy. In addition the market value of assets held as security in favour of the Scheme is at least £775m (2021: £775m).




180   Tesco
      180 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                  statements




The most recent Booker Pension Scheme triennial valuation showed a funding deficit of £103m at 31 March 2019, with agreed contributions of
£15m per annum until the end of 2028. The most recent Budgens Pension Scheme triennial valuation showed a funding surplus of £0.4m at
31 March 2021. No contributions were required for the Budgens Scheme.

IFRIC 14
The Group is not required to recognise any additional liabilities in relation to funding plans, or limit the recognition of any surpluses, as any future
economic benefits will be available to the Group by way of future refunds.
Maturity profile of obligations
The estimated duration of the Scheme obligations is an indicator of the weighted average term of benefit payments after discounting. For the
Scheme this is 22 years.
Around 42% of the undiscounted benefits are due to be paid beyond 30 years’ time, with the last payments expected to be over 80 years from
now. The estimated undiscounted benefit payments expected to be paid out over the life of the Scheme are shown below.
The liabilities held by the Scheme are broken down as follows:
£bn
5

4

3

2

1

0
        1-5       6-10      11-15        16-20   21-25     26-30      31-35       36-40        41-45     46-50      51-55     56-60      61-65      66-70       70+
                                                                                 Years
    Deferred members             Current pensioners
                                                                                                                                                                      %
Deferred members                                                                                                                                                   80
Current pensioners                                                                                                                                                 20

Risks
The Group bears a number of risks in relation to the Scheme, which are described below:

Risk                     Description of risk                                             Mitigation
Investment               The Scheme’s accounting liabilities are calculated              The Trustee and the Group regularly monitor the funding position and
                         using a discount rate set with reference to corporate           operate a diversified investment strategy.
                         bond yields. If the return on the Scheme’s assets               The Trustee and the Group take a balanced approach to investment risk
                         underperform this rate, the accounting surplus                  and have a long-term plan to significantly reduce the investment risk
                         will decrease.                                                  within the Scheme.
                         If the Scheme’s assets underperform the expected                The Trustee considers climate risk as one of the key investment risks
                         return for the funding valuation, this may require              faced by the Scheme and has set up a Responsible Investment
                         additional contributions to be made by the Group.               Committee to consider climate-related issues relating to the Scheme.
Inflation                The Scheme’s benefit obligations are linked to                  As part of the investment strategy, the Trustee aims to mitigate this risk
                         inflation. A higher rate of expected long-term inflation        through investment in a liability-driven investment (LDI) portfolio.
                         will therefore lead to higher liabilities, both for the         The portfolio invests in assets which increase in value as inflation
                         IAS 19 and funding liability.                                   expectations increase. This mitigates the impact of any adverse
                         If the Scheme’s funding liability increases, this may           movement in long-term inflation expectations.
                         require additional contributions to be made by                  The Scheme’s holdings are designed to hedge against inflation risk up to
                         the Group.                                                      the value of the funded liabilities.
                                                                                         Additionally, changes to future benefits were introduced in June 2012 to
                                                                                         reduce the Scheme’s exposure to inflation risk by changing the basis for
                                                                                         calculating the rate of increase in pensions to CPI (previously RPI).
Interest rate            A decrease in corporate bond yields will decrease the           As part of the investment strategy, the Trustee aims to mitigate this risk
                         accounting surplus under IAS 19. Similarly, a decrease          through investment in a LDI portfolio.
                         in gilt yields will have an adverse impact on the funding       The portfolio invests in assets which increase in value as interest rates
                         position of the Scheme. This may lead to additional             decrease. The Scheme’s holdings are designed to hedge against interest
                         contributions being made by the Group.                          rate risk up to the value of the funded liabilities.
                                                                                         Because the aim of the portfolio is to mitigate risk for the funding
                                                                                         position, ineffectiveness in hedging for the accounting deficit under IAS
                                                                                         19 can arise where corporate bond and gilt yields diverge. This is partially
                                                                                         offset by the Scheme’s holdings in corporate bonds.
Life expectancy          The Scheme’s obligations are to provide benefits for            To reduce this risk, changes to future benefits were introduced in June
                         the life of the member and so increases in life                 2012 to increase the age at which members can take their full pension by
                         expectancy will lead to higher liabilities.                     two years.
                                                                                         The Trustee and the Group regularly monitor the impact of changes in
                                                                                         longevity on Scheme obligations.




                                                                                                 TescoReport
                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                             and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                  Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                         2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                 181                      181
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 30 Post-employment benefits continued
      The operations and audit pensions committee was set up in 2015 and established to further strengthen the Scheme’s Trustee governance and
      provide greater oversight and stronger internal control over the Group’s risks. The Group pensions committee was also set up in 2018 to provide
      an additional layer of governance and risk management. Further mitigation of the risks is provided by external advisors and the Trustee who
      considers the funding position, fund performance and impacts of any regulatory changes.

      Scheme principal assumptions
      Financial assumptions
      The principal assumptions, on a weighted average basis, used by the actuaries to value the defined benefit obligation of the Scheme were as follows:
                                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                                         %               %
      Discount rate                                                                                                                     2.8             2.0
      Price inflation                                                                                                                   3.3             2.9
      Rate of increase in deferred pensions*                                                                                            2.9             2.5
      Rate of increase in pensions in payment*
         Benefits accrued before 1 June 2012                                                                                            3.1             2.8
         Benefits accrued after 1 June 2012                                                                                             2.8             2.5
      * In excess of any guaranteed minimum pension (GMP) element.

      Discount rate
      The discount rate for the Scheme is determined by reference to market yields of high-quality corporate bonds of suitable currency and term to
      the Scheme cash flows and extrapolated based on the trend observable in corporate bond yields to produce a single equivalent discount rate.
      Inflation
      The inflation assumption is used to determine increases in pensions linked to RPI and CPI inflation within sections of the Scheme, subject to
      relevant maximum and minimum increases.
      RPI inflation is derived by reference to the difference between fixed-interest and index-linked long-term government bonds. To account for the
      premium that investors are willing to pay to mitigate the risk that inflation is higher than expected, the inflation assumption incorporates an
      inflation risk premium. CPI inflation is set by reference to RPI.
      The Group uses a bifurcated approach to pre- and post-2030 assumptions, reflecting the impact of the RPI reforms from 2030 onwards.
      In consultation with external actuaries, the inflation risk premium has been set at 0.42% (2021: 0.42%), representing the weighted average of
      0.3% p.a. pre-2030 and 0.5% p.a. post-2030. The CPI differential has been set as 0.39% lower than RPI (2021: 0.43%), representing the weighted
      average of 1.0% p.a. pre-2030 and 0.1% p.a. post-2030.

      Mortality assumptions
      The Group, in consultation with an independent actuary, conducted a mortality analysis of the Scheme as part of the triennial funding valuation
      process. Subsequent to this analysis, the Group adopted the best estimate assumptions for the calculation of the IAS 19 pension liability for the
      main UK scheme.
      The mortality assumptions used are based on tables that have been projected to 2017 with CMI 2018 improvements. In addition, the allowance
      for future mortality improvements from 2017 have been updated to be in line with CMI 2020, with a long-term improvement rate of 1.25% p.a.
      The base tables used in calculating the mortality assumptions are different for various categories of members, as shown below:
                                                                                 Pensioner                            Non-Pensioner
      Male                                         Staff                         90% of SAPS S3 Normal Heavy          97% of SAPS S3 Normal Heavy
                                                   Senior Manager                95% of SAPS S3 Normal Light          104% of SAPS S3 Normal Light
      Female                                       Staff                         110% of SAPS S3 Normal Heavy         114% of SAPS S3 Normal Heavy
                                                   Senior Manager                95% of SAPS S3 All Middle            100% of SAPS S3 All Middle

      The following table illustrates the expectation of life of an average member retiring at age 65 at the balance sheet date and a member reaching
      age 65 at the balance sheet date +25 years. A comparison between the two retiree dates illustrates the expected improvements in mortality
      over the next 25 years.
                                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                                       Years          Years
      Retiring at the balance sheet date at age 65:                       Male                                                         20.8           20.7
                                                                          Female                                                       22.4           22.2
      Retiring at the balance sheet date +25 years at age 65:             Male                                                          22.1          22.0
                                                                          Female                                                        24.1          23.9




182   Tesco
      182 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                             statements




Sensitivity analysis of significant actuarial assumptions
The sensitivity of significant assumptions upon the Scheme defined benefit obligation are detailed below:
                                                                                                                       2022                                     2021
                                                                                                           Discount rate      Inflation rate        Discount rate      Inflation rate
Financial assumptions – Increase/(decrease) in UK defined benefit obligation                                         £m                  £m                   £m                  £m
Impact of 0.1% increase of the assumption                                                                         (404)               367                  (460)               400
Impact of 0.1% decrease of the assumption                                                                          404               (349)                  480               (380)
Impact of 1.0% increase of the assumption                                                                       (3,467)             3,889                (4,038)              4,318
Impact of 1.0% decrease of the assumption                                                                        4,732              (3,173)                5,577             (3,418)


                                                                                                                                                           2022                 2021
Mortality assumptions – Increase/(decrease) in UK defined benefit obligation                                                                                £m                   £m
Impact of 1 year increase in longevity                                                                                                                      697                 900
Impact of 1 year decrease in longevity                                                                                                                      (715)              (920)

Sensitivities are calculated by changing the relevant assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivities reflect the range of
recent assumption movements and illustrate that the financial assumption sensitivities do not move in a linear fashion. Movements in the defined
benefit obligation from discount rate and inflation rate changes may be partially offset by movements in assets.
Overseas
The Group operates defined benefit schemes in ROI. An independent actuary, using the projected unit credit method, carried out the latest
assessment of the ROI schemes as at 26 February 2022. At the financial year end, the IAS 19 deficit relating to ROI was £97m (2021: £169m).
During the year, the Irish business entered consultation and agreed to close the two Irish DB schemes to future accrual. This will take place in the
next financial year and a new defined contribution scheme will be opened. There is no impact on the results for the year ended 26 February 2022.
Post-employment benefits other than pensions
The Group operates a scheme offering post-retirement healthcare benefits. The cost of providing these benefits has been accounted for on a
similar basis to that used for defined benefit pension schemes.
The liability as at 26 February 2022 of £6m (2021: £7m) was determined in accordance with the advice of independent actuaries. During the
current financial year, £nil (2021: £nil) has been charged to the Group income statement and £nil (2021: £nil) of benefits were paid.

Plan assets
The Group’s pension schemes hold assets that both provide returns and mitigate risk, including the volatility of future pension payments.
The table below shows a breakdown of the combined investments held by the Group’s schemes:
                                                                                      2022                                                      2021
                                                                   Quoted      Unquoted           Total                   Quoted         Unquoted              Total
                                                                      £m            £m              £m         %             £m               £m                 £m               %
Equities
UK                                                                    136             –            136          1            89                     –          89                  1
Europe                                                                691             –            691          3           889                     –         889                  4
Rest of the world                                                   3,492             –          3,492         16         4,502                     –       4,502                 22
                                                                    4,319             –          4,319        20          5,480                     –       5,480                 27
Bonds
Government                                                          1,394             –          1,394         6           1,377                    –        1,377                 6
Corporates – investment grade                                      3,376              –         3,376         15          3,334                     –       3,334                 17
Corporates – non-investment grade                                    1,123            –           1,123        5             197                    –          197                 1
                                                                   5,893              –         5,893         26          4,908                     –       4,908                24
Property
UK                                                                      94        1,514          1,608          7              78              1,041           1,119               6
Rest of the world                                                        7         550             557          2               6               440            446                 2
                                                                       101       2,064           2,165          9              84              1,481         1,565                 8
Alternative assets
Hedge funds                                                             –             311            311        1               1                  312          313               2
Private equity                                                          –         1,509          1,509          7               –               1,020        1,020                5
Other                                                                 218          1,779          1,997         9             210               1,288        1,498                7
                                                                      218        3,599           3,817         17             211              2,620        2,831                14
LDI portfolio                                                       5,163             (4)       5,159         23           3,241                 (493)      2,748                14
Cash                                                                1,037              –        1,037           5          2,550                     –      2,550                13
Total fair value of plan assets                                    16,731        5,659         22,390        100          16,474               3,608       20,082               100

Quoted assets are those with a quoted price in an active market. Unquoted assets are valued in accordance with IFRS 13, using the most
appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the specifics of the asset class, and in line with industry standard guidelines, including
the RICS methodology for property and the IPEV guidelines for private equity.
The LDI portfolio consists of assets, including gilts and index-linked gilts, of the value of £8,986m (2021: £8,425m) and associated repurchase
agreements and swaps of £(3,827)m (2021: £(5,677)m). Other alternative assets include infrastructure and private credit investments.
Other derivatives are included in the asset category to which they relate, reflecting the underlying nature and exposure of the derivative.
The plan assets include £244m (2021: £222m) relating to property used by the Group. Group property with net carrying value of £914m
(2021: £826m) (refer to Note 11) and a value to the Scheme of at least £775m (2021: £775m) is held as security in favour of the Scheme.




                                                                                                         TescoReport
                                                                                             Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                     and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                          Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                 2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                         183                            183
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 30 Post-employment benefits continued
      Movement in the Group pension surplus/(deficit) during the financial year
                                                                                          Fair value of plan assets                 Defined benefit obligation              Net defined benefit surplus/(deficit)
                                                                                               2022                     2021              2022                    2021                 2022                    2021
                                                                                                £m                       £m                £m                      £m                   £m                     £m
      Opening balance                                                                      20,082                 17,425             (21,304)              (20,510)                 (1,222)               (3,085)
      Current service cost                                                                       –                     –                  (39)                  (41)                    (39)                   (41)
      Past service cost                                                                          –                     –                    –                    (7)                      –                     (7)
      Settlement charge(a)                                                                       –                     –                    (1)                   –                       (1)                    –
      Finance income/(cost)                                                                    391                   341                 (413)                (384)                     (22)                  (43)
      Included in the Group income statement                                                  391                    341                (453)                 (432)                    (62)                   (91)

      Remeasurement gain/(loss):
         Financial assumptions gain/(loss)                                                       –                         –             1,881                   (1,193)              1,881                 (1,193)
         Demographic assumptions gain/(loss)                                                     –                         –                21                       18                  21                     18
         Experience gain/(loss)                                                                  –                         –              (212)                    354                 (212)                  354
         Return on plan assets excluding finance income                                      2,385                      (136)                –                         –             2,385                    (136)
      Foreign currency translation                                                              (9)                        1                 13                       (4)                 4                      (3)
      Included in the Group statement of comprehensive                                       2,376                     (135)             1,703                    (825)              4,079                   (960)
      income/(loss)

      Member contributions                                                                        2                        2                (2)                     (2)                   –                    –
      Employer contributions                                                                    33                        34                 –                       –                   33                   34
      Additional employer contributions                                                          16                   2,836                  –                       –                   16                2,836
      Benefits paid                                                                           (502)                     (421)             505                     436                     3                   15
      Scheme settlement                                                                          (8)                       –                 8                       –                    –                    –
      Classified as held for sale(b)                                                              –                        –                 –                     29                     –                   29
      Other movements                                                                         (459)                   2,451                511                    463                    52                2,914

      Closing balance                                                                      22,390                20,082              (19,543)              (21,304)                  2,847                 (1,222)
      Consisting of:
        Schemes in deficit(c)                                                                                                                                                         (303)                (1,222)
        Schemes in surplus                                                                                                                                                            3,150                      –
                                                                                                                                                                                     2,847                 (1,222)
      Deferred tax asset/(liability)                                                                                                                                                   (726)                   218
      Surplus/(deficit) in schemes at the end of the year,                                                                                                                            2,121               (1,004)
      net of deferred tax
      (a) Settlement charge on Londis Scheme wind-up.
      (b) Movements in relation to discontinued operations up to classification as held for sale included £nil (2021: £(1)m) within the Group income statement, £nil (2021: £(6)m) in the Group statement of
          comprehensive income/(loss) and £nil (2021: £2m) in other movements.
      (c) Schemes in deficit, net of deferred tax £(242)m (2021: £(1,004)m).




184   Tesco
      184 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                  statements




Note 31 Called-up share capital and reserves
                                                                                                                                          2022                        2021
                                                                                                                               Number of                     Number of
                                                                                                                          Ordinary shares         £m    Ordinary shares        £m
Allotted, called-up and fully paid:
At the beginning of the year                                                                                            7,731,707,820            490 9,793,496,561             490
Share consolidation (including shares issued*)                                                                                       –              – (2,061,788,741)            –
Shares purchased and cancelled                                                                                             (93,721,289)            (6)             –             –
At the end of the year                                                                                                  7,637,986,531            484 7,731,707,820             490
* To effect the share consolidation, 11 additional Ordinary shares were issued so that the total Ordinary shares is exactly divisible by 19.

In order to maintain the comparability of the Company’s share price before and after a special dividend of £4.9bn was declared in the prior
financial year, a share consolidation was approved at the General Meeting held on 11 February 2021. Shareholders received 15 new Ordinary shares
of 6 ⅓ pence each for every existing 19 Ordinary shares of 5 pence each.
No shares were issued during the current financial year in relation to share options.
The Group has a share forfeiture programme, following the completion of a tracing and notification exercise to any shareholders who have not
had contact with the Company over the past 12 years, in accordance with the provisions set out in the Company’s Articles of Association.
Under the share forfeiture programme, the shares and dividends associated with shares of untraced members are forfeited, with the resulting
proceeds transferred to the Group to use for good causes in line with the Group’s corporate responsibility strategy. During the current financial
year, the Group received £nil (2021: £nil) proceeds from sale of untraced shares and £nil (2021: £nil) write-back of unclaimed dividends, which are
reflected in share premium and retained earnings respectively.
As at 26 February 2022, the Directors were authorised, on behalf of the Company, to purchase up to a maximum in aggregate of 773.2 million
(2021: 773.2 million) Ordinary shares until the conclusion of the 2022 AGM.
The holders of Ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at general
meetings of the Company.
Own shares held
The own shares held represents shares in Tesco PLC purchased from the market and held by the Tesco International Employee Benefit Trust to
satisfy share awards under the Group’s share scheme plans (refer to Note 29), and shares purchased for cancellation as part of the share buyback
programme. Shares purchased for cancellation are included in own shares held until cancellation, at which point the consideration is transferred to
retained earnings, and the nominal value of the shares is transferred from share capital to the capital redemption reserve. Own shares held can
include equity elements of forward contracts where the Group has an obligation to purchase its own shares.
In relation to own shares purchased for cancellation, the Group had total cash outflows of £278m (2021: £nil) with the purchase of 98.5 million
(2021: Nil) shares of 6 ⅓ pence each at an average price of £2.82 per share (2021: n/a). 93.7 million shares were cancelled, representing 1.2%
(2021: Nil) of the called-up share capital as at 26 February 2022, with total consideration of £264m (2021: £nil), including expenses of £1m, charged
to retained earnings. At 26 February 2022, the Group had not yet cancelled 4.8 million (2021: Nil) shares with a total consideration of £14m (2021:
£nil), representing 0.1% of the called-up share capital as at 26 February 2022 (2021: Nil). The uncancelled shares are included in the £37m (2021:
£nil) increase in own shares purchased for cancellation within the statement of changes in equity, with the remaining £23m (2021: £nil) relating
to shares to be delivered under a share repurchase agreement with an external bank.
In relation to own shares purchase for share schemes in the Group statement of changes in equity, the £279m (2021: £246m) increase in own
shares held includes £191m (2021: £213m) paid to purchase own shares (including related fees and taxes), £50m (2021: £nil) of shares to be
delivered under a share repurchase agreement with an external bank, £38m (2021: £30m) of shares withheld to settle employee tax and other
minor movements of £nil (2021: £3m). The £139m (2021: £308m) decrease in own shares held is the gross amount of shares that employees were
entitled to receive (of which £38m (2021: £30m) is withheld to settle employee tax). The £12m increase (2021: £97m decrease) in retained earnings
primarily relates to £139m (2021: £308m) shares delivered to employees offset by £47m (2021: £147m) cash received from employees exercising
SAYE options, £109m (2021: £64m) income statement charge and other minor movements of £(5)m (2021: £nil).
The number of Ordinary shares held by the Tesco International Employee Benefit Trust at 26 February 2022 was 49.9 million (2021: 58.4 million).
This represents 0.65% of called-up share capital at the end of the year (2021: 0.76%).
A financial liability of £73m (2021: £nil) in respect of shares to be delivered under share repurchase agreements with external banks is included in
other payables.
Capital redemption reserve
The capital redemption reserve relates to the repurchase and cancellation of shares of the Company. During the financial year, the aggregate
nominal value of shares cancelled and transferred to the capital redemption reserve was £6m (2021: £nil).
Merger reserve
The merger reserve represents the difference between the market value and nominal value of shares issued for the acquisition of Booker on
2 March 2018.




                                                                                                                 TescoReport
                                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                             and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                  Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                         2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 185                 185
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 32 Related party transactions
      Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed
      in this note. Transactions between the Group and its joint ventures and associates are disclosed below:

      Transactions
                                                                                                                                           Joint ventures                                Associates
                                                                                                                                            2022                  2021                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                              £m                   £m                     £m                  £m
      Sales to related parties                                                                                                               501                  479                       –                    –
      Purchases from related parties                                                                                                          111                  87                       –                   10
      Dividends received                                                                                                                      32                   18                       –                    8
      Injection of equity funding                                                                                                              11                  14                       –                    –

      Sales to related parties consist of service/management fees and loan interest.
      Transactions between the Group and the Group’s pension plans are disclosed in Note 30.

      Balances
                                                                                                                                           Joint ventures                                Associates
                                                                                                                                            2022                  2021                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                              £m                   £m                     £m                  £m
      Amounts owed to related parties                                                                                                         (9)                  (23)                     –                   –
      Amounts owed by related parties                                                                                                        36                     40                      –                   –
      Lease liabilities payable to related parties(a)                                                                                    (2,335)                (2,718)                     –                (144)
      Loans to related parties (net of deferred profits)(b)                                                                                 105                    122                      –                   –
      (a) Lease liabilities payable to related parties represent leases entered into by the Group for properties held by joint ventures. Refer to Note 14 for further details.
      (b) Loans to related parties of £105m (2021: £122m) are presented net of deferred profits of £38m (2021: £38m), historically arising from the sale of property assets to joint ventures.
          Refer to Note 14 for further details. For loans to related parties, a 12-month expected credit loss (ECL) allowance is recorded on initial recognition. In the current and prior financial years, the ECL
          allowance was immaterial.

      A number of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of one or more partnerships to whom the provisions of the Partnerships (Accounts)
      Regulations 2008 apply. The financial statements for those partnerships have been consolidated into these financial statements pursuant to
      Regulation 7 of the Regulations.

      Transactions with key management personnel
      Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of Tesco PLC are deemed to be key management personnel.
      Cost of key management personnel compensation for the financial year was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                        2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                         £m                   £m
      Salaries and short-term benefits                                                                                                                                                     21                  20
      Pensions and cash in lieu of pensions                                                                                                                                                 2                   2
      Share-based payments                                                                                                                                                                24                   20
      Joining costs and loss of office costs                                                                                                                                                2                   –
                                                                                                                                                                                          49                   42
      Attributable to:
      The Board of Directors (including Non-executive Directors)                                                                                                                           11                  14
      Executive Committee (members not on the Board of Directors)                                                                                                                         38                   28
                                                                                                                                                                                          49                   42

      During the year, 8,946,423 (2021: 6,403,309) performance shares and 1,178,795 (2021: 2,615,921) bonus shares were granted to key management
      personnel under the Performance Share Plan and Deferred Bonus Plan 2019, respectively. Vesting will be conditional on the achievement of
      specified performance targets over a three-year performance period and/or continuous employment. The cost of these awards will be spread
      over the vesting period.
      Of the key management personnel who had transactions with Tesco Bank during the financial year, the following balances were held at the
      financial year end:
                                                                                                                                    Credit card, mortgage and                     Current and saving
                                                                                                                                      personal loan balances                      deposit accounts
                                                                                                                                  Number of key                              Number of key
                                                                                                                                   management                                 management
                                                                                                                                     personnel                £m                personnel                      £m
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                       5                    –                      4                    –
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                       4                    –                      7                    –




186   Tesco
      186 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                               statements




Note 33 Analysis of changes in net debt
Net debt excludes the net debt of Tesco Bank but includes that of discontinued operations. Balances and movements in respect of the total
Group and Tesco Bank are presented to allow reconciliation between the Group balance sheet and the Group cash flow statement.
                                                                                                                               Non-cash movements
                                                            Cash flows
                                                    At     arising from                                                          Interest    Acquisitions                                              At
                                           27 February        financing     Other cash       Fair value          Foreign        income/               and                Discontinued         26 February
                                                  2021        activities        flows(a) gains/(losses)        exchange          (charge)     disposals(b)         Other operations(c)              2022
                                                   £m                £m             £m              £m               £m               £m               £m            £m            £m                 £m
Total Group
Bank and other borrowings,
excluding overdrafts                            (6,736)             381            202                82              61           (209)            (606)              –                 –        (6,825)
Lease liabilities                              (8,402)              577            405                 –              14           (405)             355            (492)              (10)       (7,958)
Net derivative financial
instruments                                        455              123              43             100                –             (29)            (64)               –                –            628
Arising from financing
activities                                   (14,683)            1,081             650              182               75           (643)            (315)           (492)             (10)       (14,155)
Cash and cash equivalents in
the Group balance sheet                          2,510                –           (204)                –               11               –               –               –              28          2,345
Overdrafts(d)                                     (532)               –              (8)               –                1               –               –               –             (35)          (574)
Cash and cash equivalents
(including overdrafts) in the
Group cash flow statement                        1,978                –             (212)              –              12               –                –               –               (7)         1,771
Short-term investments                            1,011               –           1,067                –              (2)              –                –               –                –         2,076
Joint venture loans                                 122               –                4               –               –               –              (21)              –                –           105
Interest and other receivables                        –               –               (3)              –               –               4                –               –                –              1
Net debt of the disposal
group                                              (141)             –               –                –               –                –              110              –                17            (14)
Total Group                                    (11,713)          1,081           1,506              182              85            (639)            (226)           (492)                –       (10,216)
Less: Tesco Bank                                  242               25              14               68               –               (7)            (42)              –                 –          300
Retail
Bank and other borrowings,
excluding overdrafts                           (6,249)             360             200               74               61           (205)            (585)              –                 –        (6,344)
Lease liabilities                              (8,372)             573             402                –               14           (402)             355            (492)              (10)        (7,932)
Net derivative financial
instruments                                        497              123              43              40                –             (29)            (64)               –                –            610
Arising from financing
activities                                    (14,124)          1,056              645              114               75           (636)           (294)            (492)             (10)      (13,666)
Cash and cash equivalents in
the Group balance sheet                          1,730                –            (213)               –               11               –               –               –              28           1,556
Overdrafts(d)                                     (532)               –              (8)               –                1               –               –               –             (35)           (574)
Cash and cash equivalents
(including overdrafts) in the
Group cash flow statement(e)                      1,198               –            (221)               –              12               –                –               –               (7)          982
Short-term investments                             1,011              –           1,067                –              (2)              –                –               –                –         2,076
Joint venture loans                                  101              –               4                –               –               –                –               –                –           105
Interest and other receivables                         –              –              (3)               –               –               4                –               –                –             1
Net debt of the disposal
group                                              (141)            –                –                –               –               –               110              –                17            (14)
Net debt APM                                  (11,955)          1,056            1,492              114              85            (632)            (184)           (492)                –       (10,516)
(a) Other cash flows for bank and other borrowings excluding overdrafts, lease liabilities and net derivative financial instruments relate to elements of operating and investing activities. Refer to
    Group cash flow statement.
(b) Movements in Group net debt arising from acquisitions/disposals include an increase in borrowings of £21m and joint venture loans of £21m from the acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited,
    with the remainder relating to the acquisition of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership and disposal of Poland. Refer to Note 34 and Note 7. In the prior year, the movements include the disposal
    of the Group’s Thailand and Malaysia operations, the acquisition of The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited Partnership and the acquisition of the trade and assets of Best Food Logistics.
(c) Movements in lease liabilities in discontinued operations includes repayment of capital element of obligations under leases of £2m, lease terminations of £6m and foreign exchange translation of £2m.
(d) Overdraft balances are included within borrowings in the Group balance sheet, and within cash and cash equivalents in the Group cash flow statement. Refer to Note 20.
(e) The movement in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts for Retail includes £4m (2021: £2m) intragroup funding and intercompany transactions.




                                                                                                                 TescoReport
                                                                                                     Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                             and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                  Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                         2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 187                                         187
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 33 Analysis of changes in net debt continued
                                                                                                                             Non-cash movements
                                                                Cash flows
                                                        At     arising from                                                    Interest   Acquisitions                                                At
                                               29 February        financing    Other cash        Fair value     Foreign       income/              and                     Discontinued      27 February
                                                     2020         activities        flows(a) gains/(losses)   exchange         (charge)     disposals(b)        Other        operations             2021
                                                       £m                £m           £m                £m          £m              £m              £m            £m                 £m              £m
      Total Group
      Bank and other borrowings,
      excluding overdrafts                           (7,118)           716            223              (41)          (2)          (226)          (288)             –                   –         (6,736)
      Lease liabilities                            (9,566)             621            488                –            –           (488)           977           (568)                134        (8,402)
      Net derivative financial
      instruments                                     198             580               18           (203)            –            (20)           (118)                –               –           455
      Arising from financing
      activities                                 (16,486)            1,917            729            (244)           (2)          (734)            571          (568)                134       (14,683)
      Cash and cash equivalents in
      the Group balance sheet                        4,137                –        (1,607)               –            8               –              –                 –             (28)         2,510
      Overdrafts(d)                                 (1,106)               –           539                –            –               –              –                 –              35           (532)
      Cash and cash equivalents
      (including overdrafts) in the
      Group cash flow statement                     3,031                 –        (1,068)               –            8              –               –                 –               7          1,978
      Short-term investments                        1,076                 –            (62)              –           (3)             –               –                 –               –           1,011
      Joint venture loans                              127                –               2              –            –              2              (9)                –               –             122
      Interest and other receivables                     1                –             (12)             –            –              11              –                 –               –               –
      Net debt of the disposal
      group                                             –                –               –              –             –              –              –              –                 (141)          (141)
      Total Group                                 (12,251)           1,917            (411)          (244)            3           (721)           562           (568)                   –       (11,713)
      Less: Tesco Bank                                 47              777           (578)              2             –             (6)             –              –                    –          242
      Retail
      Bank and other borrowings,
      excluding overdrafts                         (5,858)             (58)           219             (40)           (2)          (222)          (288)             –                   –        (6,249)
      Lease liabilities                            (9,533)             618            486               –             –           (486)           977           (568)                134        (8,372)
      Net derivative financial
      instruments                                     243             580               18           (206)            –            (20)           (118)                –               –            497
      Arising from financing
      activities                                 (15,148)            1,140            723            (246)           (2)          (728)            571          (568)                134       (14,124)
      Cash and cash equivalents in
      the Group balance sheet                       2,773                 –        (1,023)               –            8               –              –                 –             (28)         1,730
      Overdrafts(d)                                 (1,106)               –           539                –            –               –              –                 –              35           (532)
      Cash and cash equivalents
      (including overdrafts) in the
      Group cash flow statement(e)                  1,667                 –          (484)               –            8              –               –                 –               7          1,198
      Short-term investments                        1,076                 –            (62)              –           (3)             –               –                 –               –           1,011
      Joint venture loans                             106                 –               2              –            –              2              (9)                –               –             101
      Interest and other receivables                    1                 –             (12)             –            –              11              –                 –               –               –
      Net debt of the disposal
      group                                            –                 –               –              –             –              –              –              –                 (141)          (141)
      Net debt APM                               (12,298)            1,140             167           (246)            3           (715)           562           (568)                   –      (11,955)
      Refer to previous table for footnotes.
                                                                                                                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                               £m                   £m
      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts                                                                                                (212)             (1,068)
      Elimination of Tesco Bank movement in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts*                                                                                      (9)                584
      Retail cash movement in other Net debt items:
      Net increase/(decrease) in short-term investments                                                                                                                       1,067                  (62)
      Net increase/(decrease) in joint venture loans                                                                                                                               4                    2
      Net (increase)/decrease in borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                                               933                 560
      Net cash flows from derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                      123                 580
      Net interest paid on components of Net debt                                                                                                                               642                   711
      Change in Net debt resulting from cash flow                                                                                                                            2,548                1,307
      Retail net interest charge on components of Net debt                                                                                                                     (632)                (715)
      Retail fair value and foreign exchange movements                                                                                                                          199                (243)
      Retail other non-cash movements                                                                                                                                          (492)               (568)
      Acquisition of property joint venture (Note 34)                                                                                                                          (294)                 (161)
      Acquisition of Best Food Logistics                                                                                                                                           –                 (42)
      Disposal of Poland operations (Note 7)                                                                                                                                     110                    –
      Disposal of the Asia business                                                                                                                                                –                765
      (Increase)/decrease in Net debt                                                                                                                                        1,439                  343
      Opening Net debt                                                                                                                                                      (11,955)            (12,298)
      Closing Net debt                                                                                                                                                     (10,516)            (11,955)
      * The movement in cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts for Tesco Bank includes £(4)m (2021: £(2)m) intragroup funding and intercompany transactions.




188   Tesco
      188 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                                                   statements




Note 34 Acquisitions
Acquisition of Tesco Underwriting Limited
On 4 May 2021 the Group acquired the remaining 50.1% ordinary share capital of its joint venture entity, Tesco Underwriting Limited (TU), from its
joint venture partner, Ageas (UK) Limited. TU is an authorised insurance company which provides the insurance underwriting service for several of
the Group’s general insurance products.
The transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of a business in accordance with IFRS 3 ‘Business Combinations’. The acquisition is in
line with the Group's strategy of focusing on propositions which better meet the needs of Tesco shoppers. The investment will significantly
enhance the Group's insurance capability. Total cash consideration of £90m has been paid to date, with an additional deferred payment of £5m
due to be paid on expiry of the exit period, subject to the fulfilment of the joint venture partner's obligations in relation to the migration and
transition of the TU business to the Group. Payment is expected to take place in May 2022. In line with the requirements of IFRS 3, the existing
equity interest in TU held by the Group immediately before the acquisition date was remeasured to a fair value of £89m. This resulted in a
remeasurement gain for the Group of £5m, included in the Group income statement.
The Group also recognised a gain of £5m in relation to its share of TU's available-for-sale (AFS) reserve immediately prior to acquisition, included
in the Group income statement.
                                                                                                                                                  £m
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                           90
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                            5
Non-cash settlement of pre-existing relationships                                                                                                  12
Fair value of the Group’s 49.9% investment                                                                                                         89
Total purchase consideration                                                                                                                      196

The table below sets out the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired:
Assets                                                                                                                                            £m
Cash and balances with central banks                                                                                                              42
Investment securities                                                                                                                            635
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                               247
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                                     2
Other assets                                                                                                                                      24
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 18
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                      1
Total assets                                                                                                                                     969

Liabilities
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                                                       (15)
Other liabilities                                                                                                                                   (5)
Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                              (2)
Insurance fund withheld                                                                                                                          (100)
Insurance contract provisions                                                                                                                   (650)
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                                                           (21)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                               (793)
Total fair value acquired                                                                                                                         176

Total purchase consideration                                                                                                                      196
Less: Fair value recognised                                                                                                                      (176)
Goodwill recognised                                                                                                                                20

The goodwill arising on the acquisition is primarily attributable to synergies which are expected to be realised from the acquisition and having full
control over the insurance business and has been allocated to the Tesco Bank segment. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax
purposes. Acquired intangible assets comprise internally generated computer software of £18m, which is amortised over a period of five years.
The fair value of acquired insurance and other receivables was £26m.
The contribution of the business since acquisition to revenue, operating profit and profit before tax was £239m, £13m and £16m respectively.
If the acquisition had occurred on 28 February 2021, the Group’s revenue for the year would have increased by £51m to £61,395m, operating
profit would have increased by £5m to £2,565m and profit before tax would have increased by £2m to £2,035m.
Transaction costs of £3m, included in administrative expenses, were incurred by the Group in relation to the acquisition during the year to
26 February 2022 (2021: £nil).




                                                                                        TescoReport
                                                                            Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                    and Report andStatements
                                                                                                         Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                2022 2022
                                                                                                                                        189               189
      Notes to the Group financial statements continued


      Note 34 Acquisitions continued
      Acquisition of property joint venture – The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership
      On 17 December 2021, the Group obtained control of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership (the partnership), previously accounted for as a joint
      venture, through the acquisition of the other partner’s 50% interest for £35m. The Group paid £13m stamp duty on the acquisition. The partnership
      had bond and derivative liabilities, and owned 11 stores, which the partnership previously leased to the Group. The acquisition, which has been
      treated as an asset acquisition, increased the Group’s owned property portfolio and borrowings, replacing the Group’s associated right of use
      assets and lease liabilities.
      The table below sets out the values to the Group in respect of obtaining control of the partnership:
                                                                                                                                       Notes               £m
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                        11           584
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                            5
      Other working capital                                                                                                                               (4)
      Borrowings                                                                                                                          33           (585)
      Derivative liabilities                                                                                                              33            (64)
      Total assets and liabilities acquired                                                                                                             (64)
      Consideration paid                                                                                                                                 35
      Stamp duty paid                                                                                                                                     13
      Derecognition of the Group's lease liabilities with the partnership                                                                 33           (355)
      Derecognition of the Group's right of use assets with the partnership                                                               12            243
      Total cost*                                                                                                                                       (64)
      * The carrying value of the pre-existing joint venture interest was £nil.

      The Group recognised the following gains and losses as an adjusting item within cost of sales on the Group income statement. The related tax
      charge on acquisition of £25m has also been classified as an adjusting item. Refer to Note 4 for further details.
                                                                                                                                       Notes               £m
      Impairment of property, plant and equipment acquired                                                                                15               (62)
      Total adjusting gain/(loss) within cost of sales                                                                                                     (62)
      Taxation – adjusting item                                                                                                            4               (25)
      Total adjusting gain/(loss) after taxation                                                                                                           (87)

      Note 35 Commitments and contingencies
      Capital commitments
      At 26 February 2022, there were commitments for capital expenditure contracted for, but not incurred, of £193m (2021: £203m), principally
      relating to store development.

      Contingent liabilities
      As previously reported, Tesco Stores Limited (TSL) (along with all the major supermarkets) has received claims from current and former hourly-
      paid store colleagues alleging that they do work of equal value to that of colleagues working in its distribution centres and that differences in
      terms and conditions relating to pay are not objectively justifiable (the Equal Pay Claims). The claimants are seeking the differential between the
      pay terms looking back, and equivalence of pay terms moving forward. As at the date of this disclosure, there are approximately 30,000 claims
      against TSL, with the number of claims expected to continue to increase as the litigation progresses.
      UK equal pay law provides that an employee is entitled to the same terms in relation to pay as those of a comparator of the opposite sex in the
      same employment if they are employed to do work of equal value. The legislation achieves this by implying a clause into the contract of
      employment, which has the effect of importing into the employee's contract the more favourable term(s) of the comparator.
      Equal pay claims are typically heard in three stages and the claimants have to win at every stage in order to succeed. The first stage is
      comparability which is effectively a technical gateway to the claims proceeding. The claimants have to show that their pay and the pay of any
      comparator are set by the same body. Following superior court decisions involving other major supermarkets, TSL has conceded this point.
      The second and third stages are an equal value assessment and the consideration of TSL's material factor defences (non-discriminatory reasons
      for differentials in pay terms) to any claims which succeed at the equal value assessment stage. These two stages remain some time away and it is
      currently estimated that the Equal Pay Claims are unlikely to be determined before 2027, although a final date is impossible to predict with any
      certainty and any final decision may be delayed further by any appeals.
      At present, the total number of Equal Pay Claims that may be received, the merits, and likely outcome of those claims and of TSL's defences to
      them, and the potential impact on the Group, are subject to various and substantial uncertainties. There are multiple factual and legal defences
      to these claims and the Group intends to defend them vigorously, while at the same time taking appropriate steps to mitigate the risks.
      The Group therefore cannot make an assessment of the likely outcome of the litigation, or the potential quantum of its liability or the potential
      impact on the Group at this stage. In the event TSL were to be unsuccessful in its legal defences at all stages of the Equal Pay Claims, and
      dependent on the number of any ultimately successful claims, the potential quantum of its liability could be material.
      There are a number of other contingent liabilities that arise in the normal course of business, which if realised, are not expected to result in a
      material liability to the Group.




190   Tesco
      190 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                                                                                                     statements




Subsidiary audit exemptions
The following UK subsidiary undertakings are exempt from the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) relating to the audit of
individual accounts by virtue of section 479A of the Act.
                                        Company                                           Company                                           Company
Name                                    number        Name                                number     Name                                   number
Buttoncase Limited                      5298861       Tesco Aqua (GP) Limited             5721654    The Tesco Red Limited Partnership      LP011522
Day and Nite Stores Limited             1746058       Tesco Brislington Limited           10701640   The Tesco Property (No. 2) Limited     LP552
                                                                                                     Partnership
Dillons Newsagents Limited              140624        Tesco Family Dining Limited         8514605    Tesco Property Partner (GP No.2)       5179150
                                                                                                     Limited
Launchgrain Limited                     5260856       Tesco Food Sourcing Limited         7502096
Oakwood Distribution Limited            5721635       Tesco Freetime Limited              4345023
Spen Hill Developments Limited          4827219       Tesco Gateshead Property            8312532
                                                      Limited
Spen Hill Management Limited            2460426       Tesco Mobile Communications         4780729
                                                      Limited
Spen Hill Properties (Holdings) PLC     2412674       Tesco Mobile Services Limited       4780734
Spen Hill Regeneration Limited          6418300       Tesco Red (GP) Limited              5721630
T & S Stores Limited                    1228935       Tesco TLB Properties Limited        3159425
Tapesilver Limited                      5205362       The Tesco Aqua Limited              LP011520
                                                      Partnership

Tesco PLC will guarantee all outstanding liabilities that these subsidiaries are subject to as at the financial year ended 26 February 2022 in
accordance with section 479C of the Act, as amended by the Companies and Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit Exemptions
and Change of Accounting Framework) Regulations 2012. In addition, Tesco PLC will guarantee any contingent and prospective liabilities that
these subsidiaries are subject to.
Tesco Bank
At 26 February 2022, Tesco Bank had contractual lending commitments totalling £12.4bn (2021: £12.7bn). The contractual amounts represent
the amounts that would be at risk should the available facilities be fully drawn upon and not the amounts at risk at the reporting date.

Note 36 Tesco Bank capital resources
The following table analyses the regulatory capital resources of Tesco Personal Finance PLC (TPF), being the regulated entity at the balance sheet
date:
                                                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                                                    £m                 £m
Common equity tier 1 capital:
Shareholders’ funds and non-controlling interests, net of tier 1 regulatory adjustments                                            1,519         1,443
Tier 2 capital:
Qualifying subordinated debt                                                                                                        235            235
Other interests                                                                                                                        –              –
Total tier 2 regulatory adjustments                                                                                                  (42)           (21)
Total regulatory capital                                                                                                           1,712         1,657

IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 and is reflected in the Tesco Bank
disclosures. Tesco Bank has elected to use the transitional arrangements available under Article 473a of the Capital Requirements Regulations
(CRR). These arrangements allow the IFRS 9 impact on capital to be phased in over a period of five years. On 27 June 2020, the CRR was further
amended to accelerate specific CRR2 measures and implement a new IFRS 9 transitional relief calculation which applies additional relief to
increases in expected credit losses (ECL) provisions arising as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The resulting impact is the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements have been extended by two years and a new modified calculation has been introduced.
It is Tesco Bank’s policy to maintain a strong capital base, to expand it as appropriate and to utilise it efficiently throughout its activities to
optimise the return to shareholders while maintaining a prudent relationship between the capital base and the underlying risks of the business. In
carrying out this policy, Tesco Bank has regard to the supervisory requirements of the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA).

Note 37 Events after the reporting period
See Note 1 for further details of the Group’s assessment of the impact of the war in Ukraine, both before and after the balance sheet date.
There were no other events after the reporting period requiring disclosure.




                                                                                          TescoReport
                                                                              Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                      and Report andStatements
                                                                                                           Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  2022 2022
                                                                                                                                          191                191
      Tesco PLC – Parent Company balance sheet


                                                                                                                            26 February       27 February
                                                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                                                  Notes             £m                £m
      Non–current assets
      Investments                                                                                                    6          17,013           16,963
      Receivables                                                                                                    7              261             259
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                              10           1,069            1,536
                                                                                                                               18,343            18,758
      Current assets
      Receivables                                                                                                     7           518               1,514
      Cash in hand                                                                                                                 29                  96
                                                                                                                                  547              1,610
      Current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                                                                     9             (50)             (463)
      Payables                                                                                                       8            (763)              (810)
                                                                                                                                  (813)           (1,273)
      Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                                                           (266)                337

      Non–current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                                                                     9          (1,433)             (1,415)
      Payables                                                                                                       8          (1,863)            (1,293)
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                              10              (86)             (630)
                                                                                                                               (3,382)           (3,338)
      Net assets                                                                                                               14,695             15,757
      Equity
      Share capital                                                                                                  13           484              490
      Share premium                                                                                                              5,165            5,165
      Other reserves                                                                                                            2,804             2,972
      Retained earnings (including profit/(loss) for the financial year of £31m (2021: £4,250m))                                6,242             7,130
      Total equity                                                                                                             14,695            15,757

      The notes on pages 194 to 198 form part of these financial statements.




      Ken Murphy             Imran Nawaz
      Directors

      The Parent Company financial statements on pages 192 to 198 were approved and authorised for issue by the Directors on 12 April 2022.
      Tesco PLC
      Registered number 00445790




192   Tesco
      192 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                                                                                             statements




Tesco PLC – Parent Company statement of changes in equity


                                                                                                    Other reserves
                                                                                  Capital
                                                     Share         Share     redemption            Hedging    Own shares       Merger    Retained       Total
                                                    capital     premium          reserve           reserve          held      reserve    earnings      equity
                                                       £m            £m              £m                £m            £m           £m           £m         £m
At 27 February 2021                                  490           5,165              16               94            (188)    3,050        7,130      15,757
Profit/(loss) for the year                             –               –               –                –               –         –            31         31
Other comprehensive
income/(loss)
Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges                       –              –              –                31              –          –            –           31
Reclassified and reported in the Company                 –              –              –               (18)             –          –            –          (18)
income statement
Tax relating to components of other                      –              –              –               (10)             –          –            –          (10)
comprehensive income
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                  –              –              –                 3              –          –            –           3
Total comprehensive                                      –              –              –                 3              –          –           31          34
income/(loss)
Transactions with owners
Own shares purchased for cancellation                   (6)             –              6                 –            (37)         –        (264)         (301)
(Note 13)
Own shares purchased for share schemes                  –              –               –                –             (279)       –           –          (279)
Share-based payments                                    –              –               –                –              139        –          49            188
Dividends                                               –              –               –                –                –        –        (704)         (704)
Total transactions with owners                         (6)             –               6                –             (177)       –        (919)      (1,096)
At 26 February 2022                                   484          5,165              22               97            (365)    3,050       6,242       14,695


                                                                                             Other reserves
                                                                   Capital       Cost of
                                        Share        Share    redemption         hedging           Hedging    Own shares       Merger    Retained       Total
                                       capital    premium         reserve        reserve           reserve          held      reserve    earnings      equity
                                          £m           £m             £m             £m                £m            £m           £m           £m         £m
At 29 February 2020                        490      5,165              16            (19)             153            (250)    3,050        8,847      17,452
Profit/(loss) for the year                   –          –               –              –                –               –         –        4,250       4,250
Other comprehensive
income/(loss)
Gains/(losses) on cash flow                 –            –              –            20                (18)             –          –            –            2
hedges
Reclassified and reported in the            –            –              –              –               (47)             –          –            –          (47)
Company income statement
Tax relating to components of               –            –              –              (1)               6              –          –            –            5
other comprehensive income
Total other comprehensive                    –           –              –             19              (59)              –          –            –         (40)
income/(loss)
Total comprehensive                          –           –              –             19              (59)              –          –      4,250        4,210
income/(loss)
Transactions with owners
Own shares purchased for share              –            –              –              –                 –           (246)         –            –         (246)
schemes
Share-based payments                         –          –               –              –                –             308         –            (75)       233
Dividends                                    –          –               –              –                –               –         –        (5,892)     (5,892)
Total transactions with owners               –          –               –              –                –              62         –       (5,967)     (5,905)
At 27 February 2021                        490      5,165              16              –               94            (188)    3,050         7,130      15,757

The Company has considered the profits available for distribution to shareholders. At 26 February 2022, the Company had retained earnings of
£6.2bn, of which the unrealised profit elements are £1.7bn of share-based payment reserves and £0.7bn of dividends received from subsidiary
undertakings not yet settled by qualifying consideration. After deducting the cost of its own shares held in trust of £0.4bn, the Company had
profits available for distribution of £3.4bn.
The notes on pages 194 to 198 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                         TescoReport
                                                                             Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                     and Report andStatements
                                                                                                          Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 2022 2022
                                                                                                                                         193                      193
      Notes to the Parent Company financial statements


      Note 1 Authorisation of financial statements and                          Share-based payments
      statement of compliance with FRS 101                                      The fair value of employee share option plans is calculated at
      The Parent Company financial statements for the 52 weeks ended            the grant date using the Black-Scholes or Monte Carlo model.
      26 February 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors on               The resulting cost is charged to the Company income statement
      12 April 2022 and the Company balance sheet was signed on the             over the vesting period. The value of the charge is adjusted to reflect
      Board’s behalf by Ken Murphy and Imran Nawaz.                             expected and actual levels of vesting. Where the Company awards
                                                                                shares or options to employees of subsidiary entities, this is treated
      These financial statements were prepared in accordance with               as a capital contribution.
      Financial Reporting Standard 101, ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’
      (FRS 101). The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity        Own shares held
      under FRS 100, ‘Application of Financial Reporting Requirements’          Own shares represent the shares of Tesco PLC that are held by the
      as issued by the Financial Reporting Council.                             Tesco International Employee Benefit Trust, or which are purchased
                                                                                and held for cancellation as part of the share buyback programme.
      The Company’s financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling,
                                                                                The Company adopts a ‘look-through’ approach which, in substance,
      its functional currency, generally rounded to the nearest million.
                                                                                accounts for the trust as an extension of the Company. Shares
      The principal accounting policies adopted by the Company are              purchased for cancellation are included in own shares held until
      set out in Note 2. The financial statements have been prepared            cancellation, at which point they are transferred to retained earnings.
      under the historical cost convention, except for certain financial        Own shares held can include equity elements of forward contracts
      instruments and share-based payments that have been                       where the Group has an obligation to purchase its own shares.
      measured at fair value.
                                                                                Financial instruments
      Note 2 Accounting policies                                                Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the
      Basis of preparation of financial statements                              Company balance sheet when the Company becomes party to
      The Parent Company financial statements have been prepared in             the contractual provisions of the instrument.
      accordance with FRS 101 and the Companies Act 2006 (the Act).
                                                                                Receivables
      FRS 101 sets out a reduced disclosure framework for a ‘qualifying         Receivables are recognised initially at fair value, and subsequently
      entity’ as defined in the standard which addresses the financial          at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any
      reporting requirements and disclosure exemptions in the                   expected credit losses.
      individual financial statements of qualifying entities that otherwise
      apply the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements            Financial liabilities and equity instruments
      of adopted IFRS.                                                          Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according
                                                                                to the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into.
      The financial year represents the 52 weeks to 26 February 2022
                                                                                An equity instrument is any contract that gives a residual interest in
      (prior financial year 52 weeks to 27 February 2021).
                                                                                the assets of the Company after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity
      As permitted by FRS 101, the Company has taken advantage of the           instruments issued by the Company are recorded as the proceeds
      disclosure exemptions available under that standard in relation to        received, net of direct issue costs.
      business combinations, financial instruments, capital management,
      presentation of comparative information in respect of certain             Interest-bearing borrowings
      assets, presentation of a cash flow statement, impairment of              Interest-bearing bank loans and overdrafts are initially recognised at
      assets, share-based payments and related party transactions.              fair value and net of attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
      Where required, equivalent disclosures are given in the                   initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised
      consolidated financial statements of Tesco PLC.                           cost with any differences between proceeds and redemption value
                                                                                being recognised in the Company income statement over the period
      The Parent Company financial statements are prepared on a going           of the borrowings on an effective interest basis.
      concern basis as set out in Note 1 of the consolidated financial
      statements of Tesco PLC.                                                  Payables
                                                                                Payables are recognised initially at fair value, and subsequently at
      The Directors have taken advantage of the exemption available under
                                                                                amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
      section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 and not presented an
      income statement or a statement of comprehensive income for               Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
      the Company alone.                                                        The Company uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its
      A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set         exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from
      out below.                                                                operating, financing and investing activities. The Company does not
                                                                                hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.
      Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures
                                                                                Derivative financial instruments are recognised and stated at fair
      Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures are stated at cost less,
                                                                                value. Where derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, any
      where appropriate, provisions for impairment. The Company tests
                                                                                gains or losses on remeasurement are immediately recognised in
      the investment balances for impairment annually or when there are
                                                                                the Company income statement. Where derivatives qualify for hedge
      indicators of impairment.
                                                                                accounting, recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the
      Foreign currencies                                                        nature of the hedge relationship and the item being hedged. In order
      Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional       to qualify for hedge accounting, the Company is required to
      currency at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.             document from inception, the relationship between the item
      At each balance sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that are      being hedged and the hedging instrument.
      denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated to the functional
      currency at the rates prevailing on the balance sheet date.




194   Tesco
      194 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                  statements




The Company is also required to document and demonstrate an                  Taxation
assessment of the relationship between the hedged item and the               The tax expense included in the Company income statement
hedging instrument, which shows that the hedge will be highly effective      consists of current and deferred tax.
on an ongoing basis. This effectiveness testing is performed at each
                                                                             Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
reporting date to ensure that the hedge remains highly effective.
                                                                             the financial year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
Derivative financial instruments with maturity dates of more than            by the balance sheet date. Tax expense is recognised in the
one year from the reporting date are disclosed as non-current.               Company income statement except to the extent that it relates
                                                                             to items recognised in the Company statement of comprehensive
Fair value hedging                                                           income or directly in the Company statement of changes in equity,
Derivative financial instruments are classified as fair value hedges         in which case it is recognised in the Company statement of
when they hedge the Company’s exposure to changes in the fair                comprehensive income or directly in the Company statement
value of a recognised asset or liability. Changes in the fair value of       of changes in equity, respectively.
derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are
recorded in the Company income statement, together with any                  Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method,
changes in the fair value of the hedged item that is attributable            providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
to the hedged risk.                                                          of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
                                                                             amounts used for taxation purposes.
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the
adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item is amortised              Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply
to the Company income statement over the remaining period                    in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised based
to maturity.                                                                 on the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
                                                                             the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the
Cash flow hedging                                                            Company income statement, except when it relates to items
Derivative financial instruments are classified as cash flow hedges          charged or credited directly to equity or other comprehensive
when they hedge the Company’s exposure to variability in cash flows          income/(loss), in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in
that are either attributable to a particular risk associated with a          equity, or other comprehensive income/(loss), respectively.
recognised asset or liability, or a highly probable forecasted
transaction. The effective element of any gain or loss from                  Judgements and sources of estimation uncertainty
remeasuring the derivative designated as the hedging instrument              The preparation of the Company financial statements requires
is recognised directly in the Company statement of comprehensive             management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
income and accumulated in the hedging reserve. Any cost of                   in applying the Company’s accounting policies to determine the
hedging, such as the change in fair value related to forward points          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
and currency basis adjustment is separately accumulated in the               The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
cost of hedging reserve. The ineffective element is recognised               experience and various other factors that are believed to be
immediately in the Company income statement.                                 reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
The associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from other            from these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions
comprehensive income and recognised in the Company income                    are reviewed on an ongoing basis, with revisions to accounting
statement in the same period or periods during which the hedged              estimates applied prospectively.
transaction affects the Company income statement. The                        The preparation of the Company financial statements for the
classification of the effective portion when recognised in the               financial year did not require the exercise of any critical accounting
Company income statement is the same as the classification of                judgements or significant estimates.
the hedged transaction. Any element of the remeasurement criteria
of the derivative instrument which does not meet the criteria for an         New standards and amendments effective for the current
effective hedge is recognised immediately in the Company income              financial year
statement within finance income or costs.                                    – ‘Interest rate benchmark reform’ phase 2 amendments, which
                                                                               were early adopted in the prior year. Refer to Note 26 to the
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument
                                                                               Group financial statements for the impact of IBOR reform
expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer qualifies
                                                                               amendments on the Company; and
for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or
                                                                             – ‘COVID-19-related rent concessions beyond 30 June 2021’
loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity is retained in
                                                                               amendment to IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, which did not have a material
the Company statement of changes in equity until the forecasted
                                                                               impact on the Company,
transaction occurs or the original hedged item affects the Company
income statement. If a forecast hedged transaction is no longer              Other standards and amendments
expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in             Refer to Note 1 to the Group financial statements.
the Company statement of changes in equity is reclassified to the
Company income statement.                                                    Note 3 Auditor remuneration
                                                                             Fees payable to the Company’s auditor for the audit of the Company
Pensions                                                                     and Group financial statements are disclosed in Note 3 to the Group
The Company participates in a Group defined benefit pension                  financial statements.
scheme which is closed to future accrual. The net defined benefit
cost and deficit/surplus for the scheme are borne and recognised by          Note 4 Dividends
another Group company, Tesco Stores Limited, as per the stated               For details of dividends see Note 8 to the Group financial statements.
policy of the Group. The Company also participates in a defined
contribution scheme open to all UK employees. Payments to this
scheme are recognised as an expense as they fall due.




                                                                                      TescoReport
                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                  and Report andStatements
                                                                                                       Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              2022 2022
                                                                                                                                      195              195
      Notes to the Parent Company financial statements continued


      Note 5 Employment costs, including Directors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                        Notes                £m                   £m
      Wages and salaries                                                                                                                                                       13                  17
      Social security costs                                                                                                                                                     2                   2
      Pension costs                                                                                                                                        12                   1                   1
      Share-based payment expense                                                                                                                           11                  3                   4
      Total                                                                                                                                                                    19                 24

      The amounts above include recharges from other Group companies for Tesco PLC-related activities.
      The average number of employees (all Directors of the Company) during the financial year was 13 (2021: 13).
      The Schedule 5 requirements of SI 2008/410 for Directors’ remuneration are included within the Directors’ remuneration report on
      pages 74 to 99.

      Note 6 Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                 £m
      Cost
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                                                                   20,063
      Capital contributions                                                                                                                                                                      107
      Return of capital contributions                                                                                                                                                             (19)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                                               (2,225)
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                                                    17,926

      Accumulated impairment losses
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                                                                    (3,100)
      Impairment                                                                                                                                                                                  (31)
      Disposals                                                                                                                                                                                2,218
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                                                       (913)

      Net carrying value
      At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                                                     17,013
      At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                                                                     16,963

      The impairment losses of £31m relate to impairment of the subsidiary holding company Comar Limited to a recoverable amount of £nil based on
      remaining net assets subsequent to a dividend payment of £31m.
      The list of the Company’s subsidiary undertakings and joint ventures is shown on pages 199 to 203.

      Note 7 Receivables
                                                                                                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                             £m                   £m
      Amounts owed by Group undertakings*                                                                                                                                    760               1,737
      Other receivables                                                                                                                                                        19                 36
      Total receivables                                                                                                                                                      779               1,773
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                                                                518               1,514
      Non-current                                                                                                                                                            261                 259
                                                                                                                                                                             779               1,773
      * Amounts owed by Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type and duration of the receivable relationship, with interest rates ranging from 0.0%
        to 8.3% and with maturities up to and including January 2032.

      The expected credit loss on receivables is immaterial (2021: immaterial).

      Note 8 Payables
                                                                                                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                                             £m                   £m
      Amounts owed to Group undertakings*                                                                                                                                 2,487                2,017
      Other payables                                                                                                                                                        105                   60
      Taxation and social security                                                                                                                                            2                    4
      Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                                                 32                   22
      Total payables                                                                                                                                                      2,626                2,103
      Of which:
      Current                                                                                                                                                                763                 810
      Non-current                                                                                                                                                          1,863               1,293
                                                                                                                                                                          2,626                2,103
      * Amounts owed to Group undertakings are interest-bearing, with interest rates ranging from 0.2% to 0.8% and with maturities up to and including February 2025.




196   Tesco
      196 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                               statements




The deferred tax liability recognised by the Company, and the movements thereon, during the current financial year are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    Financial         Other timing
                                                                                                                                                instruments            differences                Total
                                                                                                                                                         £m                    £m                   £m
At 27 February 2021                                                                                                                                      (22)                    –                 (22)
Movement in other comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                       (10)                   –                  (10)
At 26 February 2022                                                                                                                                      (32)                    –                 (32)

Note 9 Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                Par value            Maturity                 £m                   £m
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                                                                                      25                   21
6.125% MTN                                                                                                                       £417m          Feb 2022                        –                  417
5% MTN                                                                                                                           £65m           Mar 2023                       77                   79
3.322% LPI MTN(a)                                                                                                               £373m           Nov 2025                     377                  364
6% MTN                                                                                                                           £38m           Dec 2029                      44                   45
5.5% MTN                                                                                                                          £67m          Jan 2033                       79                  80
1.982% RPI MTN(b)                                                                                                               £310m           Mar 2036                      312                 302
6.15% USD Bond                                                                                                                  $355m           Nov 2037                     338                  333
4.875% MTN                                                                                                                        £14m          Mar 2042                       14                   14
5.125% MTN                                                                                                                      €235m           Apr 2047                     203                  209
5.2% MTN                                                                                                                          £14m          Mar 2057                       14                   14
                                                                                                                                                                           1,483                1,878
Of which:
Current                                                                                                                                                                       50                  463
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                1,433                 1,415
                                                                                                                                                                           1,483                1,878
(a) The 3.322% LPI MTN is redeemable at par, indexed for increases in the RPI over the life of the MTN. The maximum indexation of the principal in any one year is 5%, with a minimum of 0%.
(b) The 1.982% RPI MTN is redeemable at par, indexed for increases in the RPI over the life of the MTN.


Note 10 Derivative financial instruments
                                                                                   2022                                                                          2021
                                                                 Asset                                Liability                             Asset                                  Liability
                                                        Fair value         Notional           Fair value          Notional         Fair value           Notional           Fair value          Notional
                                                               £m               £m                   £m                £m                 £m                 £m                   £m                £m
Fair value hedges
Interest rate swaps and similar
instruments                                                      5               65                    –                –                   9                   65                   –               –
Cash flow hedges
Index-linked swaps                                            231              683                     –                –                199               660                       –               –
Derivatives not in a formal hedge
relationship
Cross-currency swaps                                          197              447                      –              15               266                372                    (3)              86
Index-linked swaps                                           636             3,089                      –               –             1,062              4,006                  (627)           3,964
Interest rate swaps and similar
instruments                                                    –                 –                  (86)                1                 –                  –                     –               –
Total                                                      1,069             4,284                  (86)               16             1,536              5,103                 (630)           4,050

Note 11 Share-based payments
The Company’s equity-settled share-based payment schemes comprise various share schemes designed to reward Executive Directors.
For further information on these schemes, including the valuation models and assumptions used, refer to Note 29 to the Group financial statements.

Share option schemes
The number of options and weighted average exercise price (WAEP) of share option schemes relating to the Company employees are:
For the 52 weeks ended 26 February 2022
                                                                                                                                Savings-related                                Nil cost
                                                                                                                             Share Option Scheme                            share options
                                                                                                                              Options            WAEP                     Options                WAEP
Outstanding at 27 February 2021                                                                                                9,574                188.00            3,140,804                      –
Granted                                                                                                                             –                     –               82,736                     –
Forfeited                                                                                                                      (1,596)               188.00                    –                     –
Exercised                                                                                                                      (7,978)               188.00           (3,223,540)                    –
Outstanding at 26 February 2022                                                                                                     –                     –                    –                     –
Exercise price range (pence)                                                                                                        –                     –                    –                     –
Weighted average remaining contractual life (years)                                                                                 –                     –                    –                     –
Exercisable at 26 February 2022                                                                                                     –                     –                    –                     –
Exercise price range (pence)                                                                                                                              –                                          –
Weighted average remaining contractual life (years)                                                                                                       –                                          –




                                                                                                              TescoReport
                                                                                                  Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                          and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                               Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                      2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                              197                                          197
      Notes to the Parent Company financial statements continued


      Note 11 Share-based payments continued
      For the 52 weeks ended 27 February 2021
                                                                                                                      Savings-related                   Nil cost
                                                                                                                   Share Option Scheme               share options
                                                                                                                    Options            WAEP        Options           WAEP
      Outstanding at 29 February 2020                                                                                19,148        188.00     10,633,867                –
      Granted*                                                                                                            –               –        318,623              –
      Forfeited                                                                                                      (9,574)        188.00      (1,587,596)             –
      Exercised                                                                                                           –               –    (6,224,090)              –
      Outstanding at 27 February 2021                                                                                 9,574        188.00      3,140,804                –
      Exercise price range (pence)                                                                                        –         188.00               –              –
      Weighted average remaining contractual life (years)                                                                 –            1.01              –           5.05
      Exercisable at 27 February 2021                                                                                     –               –    3,140,804                –
      Exercise price range (pence)                                                                                                        –                             –
      Weighted average remaining contractual life (years)                                                                                 –                          5.05
      * The special dividend and associated share consolidation had a neutral impact to the number of options.

      Share bonus and incentive schemes
      Executive Directors participate in the Group Bonus Plan, a performance-related bonus scheme. The amount paid is based on a percentage of
      salary and is paid partly in cash and partly in shares. Bonuses are awarded to Executive Directors who have completed a required service period
      and depend on the achievement of the corporate and individual performance targets. For further information on these schemes, including the
      valuation models and assumptions used, refer to Note 29 to the Group financial statements.
      The number and weighted average fair value (WAFV) of share bonuses granted during the financial year were:
                                                                                                                            2022                          2021
                                                                                                                     Number          WAFV          Number            WAFV
                                                                                                                    of shares        pence        of shares          pence
      Group Bonus Plan                                                                                                     –             –        777,044            246.7
      Performance Share Plan                                                                                       2,672,421        222.47       990,404             221.6
      Joining award*                                                                                              2,336,887         223.35              –                –
      * Joining award granted during the financial year to Executive Directors under Listing Requirement 9.4.2.

      Note 12 Pensions
      The total cost of participation in the Tesco Retirement Savings Plan (a defined contribution scheme) to the Company was £1m (2021: £1m). Further
      disclosure relating to all schemes can be found in Note 30 to the Group financial statements.

      Note 13 Called-up share capital and reserves
      Refer to Note 31 to the Group financial statements.

      Note 14 Contingent liabilities and guarantees
      Contingent liabilities
      Refer to Note 35 to the Group financial statements.

      Guarantees
      The Company has entered into financial guarantee contracts to guarantee the indebtedness of Group undertakings amounting to £3,452m
      (2021: £3,200m). It has also guaranteed derivative agreements of Group undertakings with a gross liability of £373m (2021: £790m) at the reporting
      date. These guarantees are treated as contingent liabilities until it becomes probable they will be called upon.
      In addition, the Company has guaranteed the rental payments of certain Group undertakings relating to a portfolio of retail stores, distribution
      centres and mixed-use retail developments amounting to £5,609m (2021: £5,825m).
      The likelihood of the above items being called upon is considered remote.

      Note 15 Events after the reporting period
      There were no events after the reporting period requiring disclosure.




198   Tesco
      198 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                              statements




Related undertakings of the Tesco Group


In accordance with section 409 of the Companies Act 2006 and Schedule 4 of The Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, a full list of related undertakings, registered office address and the percentage of share class owned as
at 26 February 2022 are disclosed below. Changes to the list of related undertakings since the year-end date are detailed in the footnotes below.
All undertakings are indirectly owned by Tesco PLC unless otherwise stated.

Subsidiary undertakings incorporated in the United Kingdom
                                  Registered                                    % held by                                           Registered                               % held by
Name of undertaking                 address              Class of share held       Group       Name of undertaking                    address          Class of share held      Group
Acklam Management Company                                                                      Londis (Holdings) Limited                     8           £50.00 Ordinary           100
Limited                                    1          Limited by Guarantee             –       Londis Pension Trustees Limited               8             £1.00 Ordinary          100
Armitage Finance Unlimited                 1                £0.90 Ordinary           100       Makro Holding Limited                         8             £1.00 Ordinary          100
Bath Upper Bristol Road                                                                        Makro Properties Limited                      8             £1.00 Ordinary          100
Management Company Limited                 1          Limited by Guarantee             –
                                                                                               Makro Self Service Wholesalers                8           £1.00 Ordinary A          100
Berry Lane Management
                                                                                               Limited                                                   £1.00 Ordinary B          100
Company Limited                           1           Limited by Guarantee             –
                                                                                               Maldon Finance Limited                        1             £0.01 Ordinary          100
BF Limited                                8                  £1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                                                                     £0.000000000592 A
Bishop’s Group Limited                    8                  £0.01 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                                                                               Preference         100
Booker Cash & Carry Limited               8                  £1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                                                                     £0.000000000222 B
Booker Direct Limited                     8                  £0.01 Ordinary          100                                                                       Preference         100
                                                      £0.00000000055625                                                                              £0.000000000740 C
Booker Group Limited                      8                        Ordinary          100                                                                       Preference         100
Booker Limited                            8                  £1.00 Ordinary          100       Munster Road Management
Booker Retail Partners (GB)                                                                    Company Limited                              1        Limited by Guarantee           –
Limited                                   8                  £1.00 Ordinary          100       Murdoch Norton Limited                       8              £0.05 Ordinary         100
Booker Retail Limited                     8                  £0.10 Ordinary          100       Oakwood Distribution Limited                 1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
Booker Pension Trustees Limited           8           Limited by Guarantee             –       One Stop Community Stores
Booker Wholesale Holdings                                                                      Limited                                      2    £0.00001200004 Ordinary          100
Limited                                   8                £0.01 Ordinary A1         100       One Stop Convenience Stores
Booker Unapproved Scheme                                                                       Limited                                      2              £1.00 Ordinary         100
Trustees Ltd                              8           Limited by Guarantee             –       One Stop Stores Limited†(a)                  2              £1.00 Ordinary         100
Bourne End Residential                                                                         One Stop Stores Trustee Services
Management Company Limited                 1          Limited by Guarantee             –       Limited                                      2              £1.00 Ordinary         100
Broughton Retail Park Nominee 1                                                                Orpington (Station Road) Limited             1              £1.00 Ordinary         100
Limited                                    1                  £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               Oxford Fox and Hounds
Broughton Retail Park Nominee 2                                                                Management Company Limited                   1        Limited by Guarantee           –
Limited                                    1                  £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               PTLL Limited                                 1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
Broughton Retail Park Nominee 3
                                                                                               Ritter-Courivaud Limited                     8               £0.10 Ordinary        100
Limited                                    1                  £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               Seacroft Green Nominee 1
Broughton Retail Park Nominee 4
                                                                                               Limited                                       1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Limited                                   1                   £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               Seacroft Green Nominee 2
Budgen Holdings Limited                   8                   £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               Limited                                       1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Budgens Pension Trustees No.2
                                                                                               Spen Hill Developments Limited                1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Limited                                   8                   £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                               Spen Hill Management Limited†(b)              1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Budgens Property Investments
Limited                                   8                £1.00 Ordinary            100       Spen Hill Properties (Holdings)
                                                                                               plc†                                          1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Budgens Stores Limited                    8                £1.00 Ordinary            100
                                                                                               Spen Hill Regeneration Limited                1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                        £1.00 Cumulative
                                           1       Redeemable Preference             100       Spen Hill Residential No 1 Limited            1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Buttoncase Limited†                                        £1.00 Ordinary            100       Spen Hill Residential No 2 Limited            1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Canterbury Road Management                                                                     Station House Welling
Limited                                    1          Limited by Guarantee             –       Management Limited                           1        Limited by Guarantee           –
Cardiff Cathays Terrace                                                                        Statusfloat Limited                          1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
Management Company Limited                 1           Limited by Guarantee            –       T & S Stores Limited†                        2              £0.05 Ordinary         100
                                               £1.00 Cumulative Convertible                    Tapesilver Limited†                          1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                      Participating Preferred                  Teesport (GP) Limited                        1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
Day And Nite Stores Limited                2                         Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco (Overseas) Limited†                    1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                            £1.00 Cumulative
                                                                                               Tesco Aqua (FinCo2) Limited                  1               £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                    Redeemable Preference            100
                                                                                               Tesco Aqua (GP) Limited                      1             £1.00 A Ordinary        100
                                                               £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                                                                                          £1.00 B Ordinary        100
Dillons Newsagents Limited*               2       £0.25 Non–Voting Ordinary          100
                                                                                               Tesco Aqua (Nominee 1) Limited                1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
dunnhumby International Limited           4                    £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco Aqua (Nominee 2) Limited                1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
dunnhumby Limited                         4                    £3.59 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco Aqua (Nominee Holdco)
dunnhumby Overseas Limited                4                    £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Limited                                       1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
dunnhumby Trustees Limited                4                    £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato (1LP) Limited                    1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
Giant Bidco Limited                       8                    £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato (GP) Limited                     1            £1.00 A Ordinary        100
Giant Booker Limited                      8                    £0.25 Ordinary        100
                                                                                                                                                          £1.00 B Ordinary        100
Giant Midco Limited                       8                    £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato (Nominee 1) Limited              1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
Highams Green Management
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato (Nominee 2) Limited              1              £1.00 Ordinary        100
Company Limited                           1          Limited by Guarantee              –
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato (Nominee Holdco)
IRTH (15) Limited                         8                 £1.00 Ordinary           100
                                                                                               Limited                                       1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                   US$0.000000052383172
                                                                                               Tesco Atrato Depot Propco
IRTH (19) Limited                         8                       Ordinary           100
                                                                                               Limited                                       1             £1.00 Ordinary         100
Launchgrain Limited†                      1                 £1.00 Ordinary           100
Linnco Limited                            8                 £1.00 Ordinary           100




                                                                                                        TescoReport
                                                                                            Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                    and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                         Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                        199                              199
      Related undertakings of the Tesco Group continued


      Subsidiary undertakings incorporated in the United Kingdom continued
                                          Registered                         % held by                                     Registered                          % held by
      Name of undertaking                   address    Class of share held      Group    Name of undertaking                 address     Class of share held      Group
      Tesco Blue (3LP) Limited                     1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Finance 1 PLC              1        £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco Blue (GP) Limited                      1     £1.00 A Ordinary         100                                                       £0.25 Ordinary          100
                                                         £1.00 B Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Holdings (No.2)
      Tesco Blue (Nominee 1) Limited               1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited                                   1        £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco Blue (Nominee 2) Limited               1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Holdings Limited           1        £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco Blue (Nominee Holdco)                                                        Tesco Property Nominees (No.5)
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited                                   1        £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco Brislington Limited                    1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Nominees (No.6)
      Tesco Corporate Treasury                                                           Limited                                   1        £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Services PLC†                                1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Partner (GP)
      Tesco Bury Limited                           1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited†                                  1       £1.00 A Ordinary         100
      Tesco Depot Propco Limited                   1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Partner (GP                        £1.00 A Ordinary         100
      Tesco Distribution Holdings                                                        No.2) Limited                             1       £1.00 B Ordinary         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Partner (No.1)                      £1.00 Ordinary
      Tesco Distribution Limited                   1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited†                                  1                                100
      Tesco Dorney (1LP) Limited                   1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Property Partner (GP)
      Tesco Employees’ Share Scheme                                                      Limited†                                  1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Trustees Limited†(c)                         1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Red (GP) Limited                    1       £1.00 Ordinary A         100
      Tesco Family Dining Limited                  1       £1.00 Ordinary         100                                                      £1.00 Ordinary B         100
      Tesco Food Sourcing Limited                  1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Red (Nominee 1) Limited             1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Freetime Limited                       1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Red (Nominee 2) Limited             1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Fuchsia (3LP) Limited                  1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Red (Nominee Holdco)
      Tesco Gateshead Property                                                           Limited                                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Sarum (GP) Limited                  1       £1.00 A Ordinary         100
                                                   1       £0.10 Ordinary         100    Tesco Sarum (Nominee 1)
      Tesco Holdings Limited†                           £1.00 Preference          100    Limited                                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco International Services                                                       Tesco Sarum (Nominee 2)
      Limited†                                    1        £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited                                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Lagoon GP Limited                     5        £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Sarum (Nominee Holdco)
      Tesco Maintenance Limited                   1        £1.00 Ordinary         100    Limited                                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Mobile Communications                                                        Tesco Sarum (GP) Limited                  1       £1.00 Ordinary A         100
      Limited†                                     1       £1.00 Ordinary         100                                                      £1.00 Ordinary B         100
      Tesco Mobile Services Limited                1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Sarum (1LP) Limited                 1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Navona (1LP) Limited                   1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco Seacroft Limited                    1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Navona (GP) Limited                    1     £1.00 Ordinary A         100    Tesco Secretaries Limited                 1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                         £1.00 Ordinary B         100    Tesco Services Limited                    1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Navona (Nominee 1)                                                           Tesco Stores Limited                      1    £1.00 A Preference          100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100                                                   £1.00 B Preference          100
      Tesco Navona (Nominee 2)                                                                                                               £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Tesco TLB Properties Limited              1       £1.00 A Ordinary         100
      Tesco Navona (Nominee Holdco)                                                                                                        £1.00 B Ordinary         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                         Tesco Underwriting Limited               31         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Navona PL Propco Limited               1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                         The Big Food Group Limited                8         £0.10 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Overseas Investments
      Limited†                                     1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    The Teesport Limited
                                                                                         Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Tesco Passaic (1LP) Limited                  1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
                                                                                         The Tesco Aqua Limited
      Tesco Passaic (GP) Limited                   1     £1.00 Ordinary A         100    Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
                                                         £1.00 Ordinary B         100    The Tesco Atrato Limited
      Tesco Passaic (Nominee 1)                                                          Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    The Tesco Blue Limited
      Tesco Passaic (Nominee 2)                                                          Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    The Tesco Navona Limited
      Tesco Passaic (Nominee Holdco)                                                     Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    The Tesco Passaic Limited
      Tesco Passaic PL Propco Limited              1       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Tesco Pension Investment                                                           The Tesco Property Limited
      Limited(d)                                  1        £1.00 Ordinary         100    Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Tesco Pension Trustees Limited†             1        £1.00 Ordinary         100    The Tesco Property (No.2)
      Tesco Personal Finance Group PLC†           6      £0.10 A Ordinary         100    Limited Partnership                      33    Limited Partnership         100
                                                         £0.10 B Ordinary         100    The Tesco Red Limited
                                                         £0.10 C Ordinary         100    Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Tesco Personal Finance PLC                  6        £0.10 Ordinary         100    The Tesco Sarum Limited
                                                                                         Partnership                               1    Limited Partnership         100
      Tesco Property (Nominees)
      Limited                                     11       £1.00 Ordinary         100    TPI Fund Managers Limited                 1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Property (Nominees)                                                          TPT Holdco No.1 Limited                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      (No.1) Limited                              11       £1.00 Ordinary         100    Weymouth Avenue (Dorchester)
      Tesco Property (Nominees)                                                          Limited                                   1         £1.00 Ordinary         100
      (No.2) Limited                              11       £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Property (Nominees)
      (No.3) Limited                               1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Property (Nominees)
      (No.4) Limited                               1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Property (Sparta
      Nominees) Limited                            1       £1.00 Ordinary         100
      Tesco Property Finance 1 Holdco
      Limited                                      1       £1.00 Ordinary         100




200   Tesco
      200 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                            statements




International subsidiary undertakings
                                      Registered                              % held by                                           Registered                                 % held by
Name of undertaking                     address         Class of share held      Group       Name of undertaking                    address            Class of share held      Group
Arena (Jersey) Management                                                                    Monread Developments Limited                 24             €0.001 Ordinary          100
Limited†                                     33            £1.00 Ordinary          100                                                    24             €1.25 A Ordinary         100
Amethyst Jewel sp. z.o.o.                    75           PLN 50 Ordinary          100       Nabola Development Limited                                  £1.25 B Ordinary         100
Cheshunt Holdings Guernsey                                                                   Opal Jewel sp. z.o.o.                       75              PLN 50 Ordinary          100
Limited†                                     27              £1.00 Ordinary        100
                                                                                             Parijude Limited                            45                £1.00 Ordinary         100
Chirac Limited                               24              €1.25 Ordinary        100
                                                                                             Pearl Jewel sp. z.o.o.                      75              PLN 50 Ordinary          100
Cirrus Finance (2009) Limited                24          £1,000 A Ordinary         100
                                                                                             R.J.D. Holdings Unlimited
                                                            €1.00 Ordinary         100       Company(f)                                  24           €1.269738 Ordinary          100
Clondalkin Properties Limited(f)             24              €1.25 Ordinary        100       Shopping Mall Chrudim s.r.o.                 7         CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100
Commercial Investments Limited(f)            24              €1.25 Ordinary        100       Shopping Mall Eden s.r.o.                    7         CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100
Crest Ostrava a.s.(e)                         7      CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100       Shopping Mall Karlovy Vary s.r.o.            7         CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Korea Limited                      66       KRW 5,000 Ordinary           100       Shopping Mall Opava s.r.o.                   7         CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                 10           RM 1.00 Ordinary         100       Shopping Mall Ostrava s.r.o.                 7         CZK 100,000 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby (Thailand) Limited                 73    THB 1,000,000 Ordinary          100       Sociomantic Labs Internet
dunnhumby Australia PTY Limited              65           AUD 100 Ordinary         100       Hizmetleri Limited Şireketi                  51          TRY 25.00 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Brasil Consultora Ltda             16          BRL$1.00 Ordinary         100       Tesco Akadémia Képzési és
dunnhumby Canada Limited                     59           CA$1.00 Ordinary         100       Fejlesztési Korátolt Felelősségű
                                                                                             Társaság                                    32     HUF 1.00 Business Share           100
dunnhumby Chile SpA                          48     CLP 500,000 Ordinary           100
                                                                                             Tesco Bengaluru Private Limited             41           INR 10.00 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Colombia S.A.S.                    74          COP 2,000 Type A          100
                                                                                             Tesco Capital No. 1 Limited†                28             £0.50 A Ordinary          100
                                                          COP 41.00 Type B         100
                                                                                                                                                        £0.50 B Ordinary          100
                                                           COP 1.00 Type C         100
                                                                                                                                                        £0.01 Preference            –
dunnhumby Computer Information
Technology and Consultancy                                                                                                                  Guaranteed Cumulative Fixed
Services LLC                                  18         TL 25.00 Ordinary         100                                                                   Rate Preference          100
dunnhumby Consulting Services                                                                                                                   £0.01 Preferred Ordinary          100
India Private Limited                        60         INR 10.00 Ordinary         100                                                                     £1.00 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby Czech s.r.o.                         7    CZK 200,000 Ordinary           100       Tesco Sourcing Chile SpA                    22         CLP 482.69 Ordinary           100
dunnhumby Denmark ApS                        57          DKK 1.00 Ordinary         100       Tesco Corporate Treasury
dunnhumby Finland Oy                         30          100 Kovellinum Oy         100       Services Europe DAC                         24              €1.00 Ordinary           100
dunnhumby France SAS                          61           €2.00 Ordinary          100       Tesco Franchise Stores ČR s.r.o.             7      CZK 2,000,000 Ordinary           100
dunnhumby Germany GmbH                        14            €1.00 Ordinary         100       Tesco Franchise Stores SR s.r.o.            68              €1.00 Ordinary           100
                                                    Registered capital HUF                   Tesco-Global Stores Privately Held
dunnhumby Hungary Kft                        32                 3,000,000          100       Company Limited                             32           HUF 10.00 Common            100
dunnhumby Inc.                               35               No par value           –       Tesco Holdings B.V.                         40                €1.00 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby Information                                                                        Tesco International Clothing Brand
Technology Consulting (Shanghai)                        Registered capital                   s.r.o.                                      58                €1.00 Ordinary         100
Company Limited                              62               US$140,000           100       Tesco International Franchising
dunnhumby Ireland Limited                    67            €1.00 Ordinary          100       s.r.o.                                      58                €1.00 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby IT Services India Private                                                          Tesco International Sourcing
Limited                                      36        INR 10.00 Ordinary          100       Limited                                     20           HKD 10.00 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Italia Srl.                        37            €1.00 Ordinary          100       Tesco Ireland Holdings Limited              24               €1.25 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Japan K.K.                         38       JPY 10,000 Ordinary          100       Tesco Ireland Limited                       24               €1.25 Ordinary          100
                                             69     MXN 2,970 Ordinary A           100       Tesco Ireland Pension Trustees
dunnhumby Mexico S. de R.L. de
                                                                                             Limited                                     24                €1.25 Ordinary         100
C.V.                                                MXN 30.00 Ordinary B           100
                                                                                             Tesco Joint Buying Service
dunnhumby Netherlands B.V.                   70            €1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                             (Shanghai) Co., Limited                     76             US$1.00 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby New Zealand                        64      NZD 100.00 Ordinary           100
                                                                                             Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited                24               €1.00 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Norge A.S.                         56       NOK 1,000 Ordinary            50
                                                                                             Tesco Sourcing India Private
dunnhumby Poland Sp. z.o.o.                  47      PLN 50,000 Ordinary           100       Limited                                     13            INR 10.00 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby Singapore Pte Ltd                  19         SGD 1.00 Ordinary          100       Tesco Stores ČR a.s.                         7             CZK 250 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby SARL                               61         €100.00 Ordinary           100       Tesco Stores SR, a.s.                       58           €33,193.92 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby Serviços de Promoção                                                               Tesco Technology and Services
Digital Ltda                                  16          R$1.00 Ordinary          100       Europe SP. z.o.o.                           75              PLN 50 Ordinary          100
dunnhumby Slovakia s.r.o.                    58         No shares in issue           –       Tesco Trustee Company of Ireland
dunnhumby Sp. z.o.o.                         42       PLN 50.00 Ordinary           100       Limited†                                    24                €1.25 Ordinary         100
dunnhumby Spain S.L.                         50            €1.00 Ordinary          100       TESCO Üzleti és Technológiai
dunnhumby South Africa (Pty) Ltd             43      No par value Ordinary         100       Szolgáltatások Zârtköruen Múködó
                                                                                             Részvénytársaság                            25                HUF 1,000.00           100
dunnhumby Ventures LLC                       44                          –           –
                                                                                             Topaz Jewel sp. z.o.o.                      75              PLN 50 Ordinary          100
Edson Properties Limited                     24            €1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                             WSC Properties Limited                      24         €0.0000005 Ordinary           100
ELH Insurance Limited                         71            £1.00 Ordinary         100




                                                                                                      TescoReport
                                                                                          Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                  and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                       Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                              2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                      201                                201
      Related undertakings of the Tesco Group continued


      Subsidiary undertakings in liquidation                                                      Associated undertakings
      The following subsidiary undertakings were incorporated in the                              The following associated undertakings were incorporated in the
      United Kingdom                                                                              United Kingdom
                                          Registered                                  % held by                                       Registered                                      % held by
      Name of undertaking                   address             Class of share held      Group    Name of undertaking                   address                 Class of share held      Group
      Alfred Preedy & Sons Limited                 2              £1.00 Deferred           100    Broadfields Management
                                                                  £1.00 Ordinary           100    Limited                                       12                  £0.10 Ordinary         35.3
      Buttoncable Limited                         9               £1.00 Ordinary           100    Shire Park Limited                            15                  £1.00 Ordinary        48.57
      Comar Limited†                              9               £1.00 Ordinary           100    Tesco Coral (GP) Limited*                      1                £1.00 A Ordinary          100
      dunnhumby Holding Limited                   9               £1.00 Ordinary           100    Tesco Coral (Nominee) Limited                  1                  £1.00 Ordinary          100
      M & W Limited                               9    £0.0000000582261 Ordinary           100    Tesco Dorney (GP) Limited*                     1                £1.00 A Ordinary          100
      Paper Chain (East Anglia) Limited           9               £1.00 Deferred           100    Tesco Dorney (Nominee 1)
                                                                                                  Limited                                        1                  £1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                               US$0.001 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Tesco Dorney (Nominee 2)
      Reefknot Technology Limited                 9               £1.00 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Limited                                        1                  £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Stewarts Supermarkets Limited†              9               £1.00 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Tesco Dorney (Nominee Holdco)
      Tesco Aqua (3LP) Limited                    9               £1.00 Ordinary           100    Limited                                       1                   £1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco FFC Limited                           9               £0.01 Ordinary           100    Tesco Jade (GP) Limited                      29                 £1.00 A Ordinary           30
      Tesco International Internet                                                                                                                                £1.00 B Ordinary           30
      Retailing Limited†                          9       £0.0000013543 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Tesco Mobile Limited*                          1                £0.10 A Ordinary          100
      Tesco Overseas ULC                          9       £0.00000025 A Ordinary           100
                                                                                                                                                                  £0.90 B Ordinary          100
                                                          £0.00000025 B Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  The Tesco Coral Limited
                                                          £0.00000025 C Ordinary           100    Partnership                                    1             Limited Partnership           50
                                                          £0.00000025 D Ordinary           100    The Tesco Dorney Limited
                                                          £0.00000025 E Ordinary           100    Partnership                                    1             Limited Partnership           50
                                                          £0.00000025 F Ordinary           100
                                                          £0.00000025 G Ordinary           100    The following associated undertakings were incorporated outside of
                                                          £0.00000025 H Ordinary           100    the United Kingdom
                                                          £0.00000025 J Ordinary           100
                                                                                                                                      Registered                                      % held by
                                                          £0.00000025 K Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Name of undertaking                   address                 Class of share held      Group
                                                          £0.00000025 L Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  The Arena Unit Trust                        33                                  –          50
                                                          £0.00000025 M Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Booker India Limited                        26                 INR 1.00 Ordinary           49
                                                          £0.00000025 N Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Booker Satnam Wholesale
                                                          £0.00000025 O Ordinary           100    Limited                                      54                INR 1.00 Ordinary           49
                                                          £0.00000025 P Ordinary           100    China Wisdom dunnhumby
      Tesco PEG Limited                           9                £0.01 Ordinary          100    Limited                                      53            RMB 264,000 Ordinary            50
      Tesco PENL Limited                          9                £1.00 Ordinary          100    China Wisdom dunnhumby                                        RMB 264,000,000
      Tesco Property Partner (No.2)                                                               (Shanghai) Limited                           63               Registered Capital           50
      Limited†                                    1                 £1.00 Ordinary         100    dunnhumby Mitsui Bussan
      Tesco Red (3LP) Limited                     9                 £1.00 Ordinary         100    Customer Science Co., Ltd                    55               JPY 1,000 Ordinary           50
      Tesco TLB Finance Limited                   9                 £1.00 Ordinary         100    Merrion Shopping Centre
                                                                                                  Limited                                      24              €0.012697 Ordinary           51.9
      The following subsidiary undertakings were incorporated outside of                          Tesco Mobile ČR s.r.o.                        7            CZK 100,000 Ordinary            50
                                                                                                  Tesco Mobile Slovakia s.r.o.                 72                  €1.00 Ordinary            50
      the United Kingdom
                                                                                                  Trent Hypermarket Private
                                          Registered                                  % held by   Limited                                      26                  INR 10.00 Equity          50
      Name of undertaking                   address             Class of share held      Group
      Avantil Services Company                                                                    Consolidated structured entities
      Limited                                    39                £1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                                                                Registered
      Booker Cyprus Limited                       21              €1.00 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Name of undertaking                           address                     Nature of business
      China Property Holdings (HK) Limited       20             HKD 1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                  Delamare Cards Holdco Limited                 47                         Securitisation entity
      Diamond Jewel sp. z.o.o.                   75              PLN 50 Ordinary           100
                                                                                                  Delamare Cards MTN Issuer PLC                 47                         Securitisation entity
      dunnhumby Advertising (Shanghai)
      Co., Ltd                                   23    €130,000 Registered Capital         100    Delamare Cards Receivables Trustee
                                                                                                  Limited                                       47                         Securitisation entity
      dunnhumby Russia LLC                        3             RUB 1.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                  Delamare Cards Funding 1 Limited              47                         Securitisation entity
      Emerald Jewel sp. z.o.o.                   75               PLN 50 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                  Delamare Cards Funding 2 Limited              47                         Securitisation entity
      Sapphire Jewel sp. z.o.o.                  75               PLN 50 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                  Delamare Finance PLC                          11                         Securitisation entity
      Sociomantic Labs Private Limited           46            INR 10.00 Ordinary          100
                                                                                                  Delamare Group Holdings Limited               11                         Securitisation entity
      Tesco Digital Ventures Pte Ltd             49             SGD 1.00 Ordinary          100
      Tesco Global Employment                                                                     * Undertaking where other share classes are held by a third party.
      Company Limited(g)                         34          THB 100.00 Ordinary           100    † Interest held directly by Tesco PLC.
                                                              £0.01 Floating Rate                 (a) 95% held by Tesco PLC.
      Tesco Capital No.2 Limited                  17      Redeemable Preference            100    (b) 66.6% held by Tesco PLC.
                                                                   £1.00 Ordinary          100    (c) 50% held by Tesco PLC.
      Tesco Vin Plus S.A.                        52                €1.60 Ordinary          100    (d) Shares held by Tesco Pension Trustees Limited (TPTL), the corporate trustee of the
                                                                                                      Tesco PLC Pension Scheme (the Scheme). On behalf of the Scheme, TPTL holds a 50%
                                                                                                      shareholding in three property joint ventures with Tesco, and is the sole shareholder of
                                                                                                      TPT Holdco No.1 Limited and Tesco Pension Investment Limited.
                                                                                                  (e) Company was put into liquidation on 01/03/2022.
                                                                                                  (f) Company was dissolved on 03/03/2022.
                                                                                                  (g) Company was dissolved on 08/03/2022.




202   Tesco
      202 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                            statements




1    Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City, AL7 1GA,                        50   Paseo de General Martinez Campos, Campos nº 9 1º izquierda, 28010 Madrid, Spain
     United Kingdom                                                                            51   Istiklal Caddesi Beyoglu Is Merkezi No: 187/5 Galatasaray, Istanbul, Turkey
2    Apex Road, Brownhills, Walsall, West Midlands, WS8 7HU, United Kingdom                    52   Centre de Commerces et de, Loisirs, Cite Europe, 62231 Coquelles, France
3    125047, Moscow, 1st Tverskaya-Yamskaya Street, 23, building 1, floor 5, premise V,        53   Suite 1106-8, 11/F., Tai Yau Building, No 181 Johnston Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
     room 5, Russia
                                                                                               54   Unit 607, 6th floor, Trade Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai,
4    184 Shepherds Bush Road, London, W6 7NL, United Kingdom                                        400051, Maharashtra, India
5    C/O Morton Fraser LLP, 5th Floor, Quartermile Two, 2 Lister Square, Edinburgh,            55   Kojimachiterrace 4F, Kojimachi 3-1, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
     Scotland, EH3 9GL, United Kingdom
                                                                                               56   6th floor Tordenskioldsgate 8-10, Oslo, O160, Norway
6    2 South Gyle Crescent, Edinburgh, EH12 9FQ, United Kingdom
                                                                                               57   c/o Coop Danmark Roskildevej 65, 2620 Albertslund, Denmark
7    Vršovická 1527/68b, Vršovice, 100 00 Prague 10, Czech Republic
                                                                                               58   Cesta na Senec 2, Bratislava, 821 04, Slovakia
8    Equity House, Irthlingborough Road, Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, NN8 1LT,
     United Kingdom                                                                            59   1400-340 Albert St, Ottawa ON K1R 0A5, Canada
9    Ernst & Young LLP, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom                   60   4th Fl, Tower B, Paras Twin Towers, DLF Golf Course Road, Sector 54, Gurgaon,
                                                                                                    Haryana-HR, 122002, India
10   Suite 13.03, 13th Floor, Menara Tan & Tan, 207 Jalan Tun Razak, 50400
     Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia                                                                    61   Spaces Les Halles, Spaces, 40 Rue De Louvre, 75001, Paris
11   1 Bartholomew Lane, London, England, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom                             62   Room 1001, Enterprise Development Tower, No. 398, Jiangsu Road Changning
                                                                                                    District, Shanghai 200050, People’s Republic of China
12   2 Paris Parklands, Railton Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU2 9JX, United Kingdom
                                                                                               63   Room 501-4, No.398 Jiangsu Road, Shanghai, PRC
13   II Flr, West Wing, GoodworksSJR I Park,Hoodi Village Krishnarajapuram, Rd No.9,
     EPIP Zone, Whitefield, Bangalore KA, 560066, India                                        64   RSM New Zealand, Level 2, 60 Highbrook Drive, Auckland, 2013, New Zealand
14   Ritterstraße 6, 10969 Berlin, Germany                                                     65   C/O RSM AUSTRALIA PTY LTD, Level 21, 55 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000,
                                                                                                    Australia
15   Riverside House, 3 Place Farm, Wheathampstead, St. Albans, AL4 8SB,
     United Kingdom                                                                            66   (Gran Seoul, Cheongjin-dong) 7F, 33, Jong-ro, Jongno-gu, South Korea (07326)
16   Av.Brigadeiro Luis Antônio, 3530, 5° Andar, 01402-001 São Paulo, Brazil                   67   Floor 3, 2 Harbour Square, Crofton Road, Dun Laoghaire, Dublin, Ireland
17   c/o Ernst & Young LLP, Castle Street, St Helier, JE1 1EY, Jersey                          68   Veterná 7310/40, 917 01 Trnava, Slovakia
18   Yeni Havaalani Caddesi, No. 40 Cigli, Izmir, 35610 Turkey                                 69   Av President Masarik No. 111, Piso 1, Colina Polance V Seccion Delegacion Miguel
                                                                                                    Hidalgo, C.P. 11560, Mexico
19   3 Church Street #15-02, Samsung Hub, Singapore 049483
                                                                                               70   Regus Amsterdam Sloterdijk Teleport Towers, Kingsfordweg 151, 1043 GR
20   31st Floor AIA Kowloon Tower Landmark East, 100 How Ming Street, Kowloon,                      Amsterdam
     Hong Kong
                                                                                               71   Dorey Court, Admiral Park, St. Peter Port, GY1 4AT, Guernsey
21   5 Esperidon Street, 4th floor, 2001 Strovolos, Nicosia, Cyprus
                                                                                               72   Einsteinova 24, Bratislava 851 01, Slovakia
22   Avenida Santa María 5888, Piso 2 Zona A, Oficina 4, Vitacura, Santiago, 7660268,
     Chile                                                                                     73   No. 319 Chamchuri Square Building, 16th Fl, Unit 01, Phayathi Road Pathumwan sub
                                                                                                    District, Bangkok 10330, Thailand
23   Eco City Centro, 901-12 office, 9 / F 1788 West Nanjing Road, Jingan District,
     Shanghai, People’s Republic of China                                                      74   Calle CR 48, No 32B Sur 139 of 909 P9, Envigado, Antioquia, Colombia
24   Gresham House, Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin, Ireland                            75   ul. Połczyńska 121/125, 01-377 Warsaw, Poland
25   ll38, Budapest, Váci út, 187, Hungary                                                     76   Unit 01, 02, 06, 07, 08, 09, Floor 17, No. 610 Xujiahui Road, Huangpu District,
                                                                                                    Shanghai, People’s Republic of China
26   Taj Building, 2nd Floor, 210, Dr D.N. Road, Fort, Mumbai, 400001, India
27   PO Box 25, Regency Court, Glategny Esplanade, St. Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 3AP
28   Level 1, IFC1 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 3BX
29   20 Churchill Place, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5HJ, United Kingdom
30   c/o RSM Finland Oy, Ratamestarinkatu 7 B, 00520, Helsinki, Finland
31   London Court, 39 London Road, Reigate, Surrey, United Kingdom, RH2 9AQ
32   H-2040 Budaörs, Kinizsi, ÚT 1-3, Hungary
33   47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD
34   No. 725 Metropolis Building, Level, 20, Suite 161, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtan Nua Sub-
     District, Wattana District, BANGKOK 10110, Thailand
35   c/o The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust
     Center, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA
36   Ground Floor and First Floor, Worldmark 1, Asset Area 11, Aerocity Hospitality
     District, Indira Ghandi Int. Airport New Delhi, 110037 India
37   Forno BuonParte 67 – 20121, Italy
38   9th Floor, Shiroyama Trust Tower, 3-1, Toranomon 4-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo,
     Japan
39   38/39 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
40   Willemsparkweg 150 h, 1071 HS, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
41   81 & 82, EPIP Area, Whitefield, Bangalore, 560066, India
42   Wadowicka 7, 30-347, Krakow, Poland
43   c/o Eversheds Sutherland, 3rd Floor, 54 Melrose Boulevard, Melrose Arch,
     Gauteng, 2196, South Africa
44   c/o FBT Ohio, Inc., 3300 Great American Tower, 301 East Fourth Street, Cincinnati,
     OH 45202, USA
45   Windward 1, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 897, Grand Cayman KY1 – 1103,
     Cayman Islands
46   c/o Vaish Associates, 106, Peninsula Centre, Dr. S. S. Rao Road, Parel Mumbai -
     400012, Maharashtra, India
47   6th Floor, 125 London Wall, London, EC2Y 5AS, United Kingdom
48   c/o RSM Chile Auditores Limitada, Av. El Golf 40, 7th floor, Las Condes, Santiago de
     Chile, Chile
49   163 Tras Street, #03-01, Lian Huat Building, 079024, Singapore




                                                                                                        TescoReport
                                                                                            Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                    and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                         Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                        203                            203
      Supplementary information (unaudited)


      One-year like-for-like sales performance (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)
                                                                                                  Like-for-like sales
                                                     Q1               Q2                   Q3                     Q4              H1                   H2                    FY
                                                2021/22          2021/22              2021/22               2021/22          2021/22              2021/22               2021/22
      UK & ROI                                     1.3%            3.6%                  2.3%                 1.9%             2.4%                 2.1%                  2.2%
        UK                                        0.5%             2.0%                  0.2%                (1.2)%             1.2%               (0.5)%                 0.4%
        ROI                                       (6.1)%            1.2%                (3.3)%              (3.0)%            (2.6)%               (3.2)%                (2.9)%
        Booker                                    9.2%            12.5%                 16.2%               24.2%             11.0%                19.9%                 15.3%
      Central Europe                             (1.6)%            4.3%                  3.1%                5.8%              1.4%                 4.5%                  2.9%
      Total Retail                                1.0%             3.6%                  2.4%                2.2%              2.3%                 2.3%                  2.3%
      Tesco Bank                                    n/a              n/a                  n/a                  n/a               n/a                 n/a                   n/a
      Total Group                                 1.0%             3.6%                  2.4%                2.2%              2.3%                 2.3%                  2.3%

      Total sales performance (exc. VAT, exc. fuel)
                                                                              Actual rates                                                Constant rates
                                                                    H1                    H2                   FY                 H1                   H2                    FY
                                                               2021/22               2021/22              2021/22            2021/22             2021/22                2021/22
      UK & ROI                                                    2.7%                 2.0%                 2.3%               2.9%                 2.3%                  2.6%
        UK                                                         1.8%               (0.2)%                0.8%                1.8%               (0.2)%                 0.8%
        ROI                                                      (5.8)%               (8.4)%                (7.1)%            (2.0)%               (2.9)%                (2.4)%
        Booker                                                    11.1%               19.4%                 15.1%              11.1%               19.4%                  15.1%
      Central Europe                                            (0.8)%                  0.7%               (0.0)%              2.6%                 4.9%                   3.7%
      Total Retail                                                2.4%                 1.9%                 2.2%               2.9%                 2.5%                  2.7%
      Tesco Bank                                                12.2%                39.9%                 25.4%              12.2%               39.9%                 25.4%
      Total Group                                                 2.6%                 2.4%                 2.5%               3.0%                 3.0%                  3.0%

      Country detail – Retail
                                                                                                    Revenue (exc. VAT, inc. fuel)
                                                                                                   Local currency                       Average exchange       Closing exchange
                                                                                                              (m)                 £m                 rate                   rate
      UK                                                                                                  46,161             46,161                  1.0                   1.0
      ROI                                                                                                  2,919             2,488                    1.2                  1.2
      Booker                                                                                              7,755              7,755                   1.0                   1.0
      Czech Republic                                                                                     41,832              1,404                  29.8                  29.4
      Hungary                                                                                           575,048               1,368                420.4                 434.6
      Slovakia                                                                                             1,441              1,228                   1.2                  1.2

      UK sales area by size of store
                                                                           26 February 2022                                             27 February 2021
                                                                                                         % of total                                                   % of total
      Store size (sq. ft.)                                 No. of stores        Million sq. ft.             sq. ft.     No. of stores        Million sq. ft.             sq. ft.
      0-3,000                                                    2,556                   5.5               14.2%              2,534                   5.5               14.2%
      3,001-20,000                                                 281                   3.0                7.8%                282                   3.0                7.8%
      20,001-40,000                                                286                   8.3               21.4%                285                   8.2               21.2%
      40,001-60,000                                                182                   8.8               22.7%                 182                  8.8              22.8%
      60,001-80,000                                                120                   8.4               21.7%                120                   8.4               21.8%
      80,001-100,000                                                45                   3.7                9.6%                  45                  3.7                9.6%
      Over 100,000                                                   8                   1.0                2.6%                   8                  1.0                2.6%
      Total*                                                     3,478                  38.7             100.0%               3,456                  38.6             100.0%
      * Excludes Booker and franchise stores.




204   Tesco
      204 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
                                                                                                                                                                          information




Group space summary
Actual Group space – store numbers(a)
                                                                                       2020/21                                  Closures/            Net gain/              2021/22        Repurposing/
                                                                                       year end             Openings             disposals         (reduction)(b)          year end          extensions(c)
  Large(d)                                                                                  797                    2                      (1)                  1                798                      –
  Convenience(d)                                                                          1,936                   40                    (10)                30                1,966                      –
  Dotcom only                                                                                   6                  –                      –                   –                    6                     –
Total Tesco                                                                              2,739                    42                    (11)                 31              2,770                       –
  One Stop(e)                                                                               705                   10                  (20)                  (10)                695                      –
  Booker                                                                                    194                    –                     (2)                 (2)                 192                     –
  Jack’s                                                                                       12                  1                      –                    1                  13                     –
  UK(e)                                                                                  3,650                    53                   (33)                 20               3,670                       –
  ROI                                                                                         151                  1                      –                    1                 152                     –
UK & ROI(e)                                                                              3,801                    54                  (33)                   21              3,822                       –
  Czech Republic(e)                                                                         183                    2                      –                   2                 185                      3
  Hungary                                                                                   201                    –                     (3)                 (3)                198                      4
  Slovakia(e)                                                                               153                    1                      –                    1                154                      5
Central Europe(e)                                                                           537                    3                     (3)                  –                 537                     12
Group(e)                                                                                 4,338                    57                  (36)                   21              4,359                      12
  UK (One Stop)                                                                             207                   55                    (10)                45                  252                      –
  Czech Republic                                                                             123                   7                     (4)                  3                  126                     –
  Slovakia                                                                                      5                 10                      –                  10                   15                     –
Franchise stores                                                                            335                   72                   (14)                 58                  393                      –
Total Group                                                                              4,673                   129                  (50)                   79              4,752                      12

Actual Group space – ’000 sq. ft.(a)
                                                                                       2020/21                                  Closures/        Repurposing/             Net gain/              2021/22
                                                                                       year end             Openings             disposals         extensions(c)        (reduction)(b)          year end
  Large(d)                                                                              31,356                    55                      (9)                 –                  46              31,402
  Convenience(d)                                                                         5,227                    85                    (25)                  –                  60               5,287
  Dotcom only                                                                               716                     –                      –                  –                    –                 716
Total Tesco                                                                            37,299                    140                   (34)                   –                106              37,405
  One Stop(e)                                                                             1,150                   22                   (38)                   –                  (16)              1,134
  Booker                                                                                 8,284                      –                   (74)                  –                 (74)              8,210
  Jack’s                                                                                     119                    9                      –                  –                    9                 128
  UK(e)                                                                                46,852                     171                 (146)                   –                  25              46,877
  ROI                                                                                    3,335                      9                      –                  –                    9              3,344
UK & ROI(e)                                                                             50,187                   180                 (146)                    –                  34             50,221
  Czech Republic(e)                                                                      4,266                     41                      –               (59)                  (18)             4,248
  Hungary                                                                                5,997                      –                   (25)               (45)                 (70)              5,927
  Slovakia(e)                                                                             3,151                    13                      –                (21)                  (8)             3,143
Central Europe(e)                                                                       13,414                    54                   (25)               (125)                (96)              13,318
Group(e)                                                                               63,601                    234                  (171)               (125)                (62)             63,539
  UK (One Stop)                                                                            256                     81                    (12)               42                    111               367
  Czech Republic                                                                             118                    5                     (8)                 –                   (3)                 115
  Slovakia                                                                                     5                    8                      –                  –                    8                   13
Franchise stores                                                                            379                   94                   (20)                 42                   116                495
Total Group                                                                            63,980                    328                  (191)                (83)                   54            64,034
(a) Continuing operations.
(b) The net gain/(reduction) reflects the number of store openings less the number of store closures/disposals.
(c) Repurposing of retail selling space.
(d) Following the rebranding of Metro stores in the first half of 2021/22, 2 stores (17,361 sq.ft. of space) have been reclassified from Convenience to Large in the 2020/21 brought forward figures.
(e) Excludes franchise stores.




                                                                                                                TescoReport
                                                                                                    Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                            and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                 Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                        2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                                205                                          205
      Supplementary information (unaudited) continued


      Group space forecast to 25 February 2023 – ’000 sq. ft.(a)
                                                                                          2021/22                              Closures/        Repurposing/       Net gain/    2022/23
                                                                                         year end           Openings            disposals          extensions    (reduction)    year end
        Large                                                                            31,402                   94                  (65)                  9             38     31,440
        Convenience                                                                       5,287                 150                    (16)                 –           134       5,421
        Dotcom only                                                                          716                    –                    –                  –              –         716
      Total Tesco                                                                       37,405                  244                   (81)                  9           172      37,577
        One Stop(b)                                                                        1,134                  40                     –                  –            40        1,174
        Booker                                                                            8,210                     –                    –                  –              –      8,210
        Jack’s                                                                               128                    –                (128)                  –          (128)            -
        UK(b)                                                                            46,877                 284                (209)                    9             84     46,961
        ROI                                                                               3,344                   43                     –                  7            50       3,394
      UK & ROI(b)                                                                       50,221                  327                (209)                   16            134    50,355
        Czech Republic(b)                                                                 4,248                   45                     –              (134)           (89)      4,159
        Hungary                                                                           5,927                     –                    –               (141)          (141)     5,786
        Slovakia                                                                          3,143                   69                     –               (29)             40      3,183
      Central Europe(b)                                                                  13,318                  114                     –             (304)          (190)      13,128
      Group(b)                                                                          63,539                  441                (209)               (288)            (56)    63,483
        UK (One Stop)                                                                       367                  126                     –                  –           126         493
        Czech Republic                                                                        115                   6                    (1)                –              5         120
        Slovakia                                                                               13                  18                    –                  –             18           31
      Franchise stores                                                                      495                 150                     (1)                 –          149          644
      Total Group                                                                       64,034                  591                 (210)              (288)              93     64,127
      (a) Continuing operations.
      (b) Excludes franchise stores.

      Tesco Bank income statement
                                                                                                                                                                      2022(a)      2021(a)
                                                                                                                                                                        £m          £m
      Revenue
      Interest receivable and similar income                                                                                                                           473          542
      Fees and commissions receivable                                                                                                                                  210          193
      Gross insurance premium income                                                                                                                                   239            –
                                                                                                                                                                       922          735
      Direct costs
      Interest payable                                                                                                                                                  (42)         (83)
      Fees and commissions payable                                                                                                                                      (20)          (17)
      Insurance premium income ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                                     (105)            –
      Insurance claims                                                                                                                                                 (150)            –
      Reinsurers’ share of claims incurred                                                                                                                               62             –
                                                                                                                                                                      (255)        (100)
      Other income                                                                                                                                                        15            –
      Gross profit                                                                                                                                                     682          635

      Other expenses
      Staff costs                                                                                                                                                      (210)         (176)
      Premises and equipment                                                                                                                                            (68)          (75)
      Other administrative expenses                                                                                                                                    (193)        (142)
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                                                     (65)          (57)
      Impairment reversal/(loss) on financial assets                                                                                                                     30        (360)
      Operating profit/(loss) before adjusting items                                                                                                                    176         (175)

      Adjusting items(b)                                                                                                                                                  –       (295)
      Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                                                                           176       (470)

      Finance income/(costs): movements on derivatives and hedge accounting                                                                                                2         (2)
      Finance income/(costs): interest                                                                                                                                   (4)         (6)
      Finance income/(costs): leases                                                                                                                                      (2)         (1)
      Share of profit/(loss) of joint venture                                                                                                                              3         16
      Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                                                        175       (463)
      (a) These results are for the 12 months ended 28 February 2022 and the previous period represents the 12 months ended 28 February 2021.
      (b) Adjusting items in 2022 comprise a goodwill impairment charge of £nil (2021: goodwill impairment charge of £(295)m).




206   Tesco
      206 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                          Other information
                                                                                                                                information




Glossary – Alternative performance measures



Introduction
In the reporting of financial information, the Directors have adopted various APMs.
These measures are not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and therefore may not be directly comparable with other
companies’ APMs, including those in the Group’s industry. APMs should be considered in addition to, and are not intended to be a substitute for,
or superior to, IFRS measures.

Purpose
The Directors believe that these APMs assist in providing additional useful information on the trends, performance and position of the Group.
APMs aid comparability between geographical units or provide measures that are widely used across the industry. They also aid comparability
between reporting periods; adjusting for certain costs or incomes that derive from events or transactions that fall within the normal activities
of the Group but which, by virtue of their size or nature, are adjusted, can provide a helpful alternative perspective on year-on-year trends,
performance and position that is more comparable over time.
The alternative view presented by these APMs is consistent with how management views the business, and how it is reported internally to the
Board and Executive Committee for performance analysis, planning, reporting, decision-making and incentive-setting purposes.
Further information on the Group’s adjusting items, which is a critical accounting judgement, can be found in Notes 1 and 4.
Some of the Group’s IFRS measures are translated at constant exchange rates. Constant exchange rates are the average actual periodic
exchange rates for the previous financial period and are used to eliminate the effects of exchange rate fluctuations in assessing performance.
Actual exchange rates are the average actual periodic exchange rates for that financial period.

Changes to APMs
The Directors and management have redefined Retail free cash flow to exclude cash flows from business acquisitions and disposals, investments
in joint ventures, associates, unlisted equity investments, cash flows from the sale of property and other fixed assets, buyback of property and
other adjusted cash flows. By adjusting for these factors, which can have unpredictable timings or amounts, or can be driven by external events
or non-operational business decisions (such as acquisitions and disposals of properties as opportunities arise), the Directors and management
believe this provides a view of free cash flow generated by the Group’s retail trading operations that is more predictable and comparable over time.
The Retail operating cash flow and Free cash flow APMs are no longer used following the redefinition of the Retail free cash flow APM.
The Directors and management have simplified the naming of the Group’s profit and EPS APMs. References to: exceptional items and
amortisation of acquired intangibles, net pension finance costs and/or fair value remeasurements of financial instruments, as applicable, have
been replaced with ‘adjusted’ in the names of the measures. The definitions of these APMs have not altered. For consistency, net pension finance
costs and fair value remeasurements of financial instruments have been included within adjusting items on the face of the income statement.
Comparative information has been restated for these changes.
The Directors and management have added Net debt/EBITDA ratio as a new indebtedness APM, which is defined as Net debt divided by Retail
EBITDA. This metric is used to demonstrate the Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations and removes any movements in the IAS 19 pension
obligation, largely driven by external market factors outside of the control of management, that are present in the Total Indebtedness measure.
Since the new APM is intended to provide additional useful information on trends in indebtedness, the Directors and management will continue
to present the existing indebtedness APMs.

Group APMs
                             Closest equivalent          Adjustments to reconcile        Definition
APM                          IFRS measure                to IFRS measure                 and purpose
Income statement
Revenue measures
Sales                        Revenue                     – Fuel sales                    – Excludes the impact of fuel sales made at petrol filling
                                                                                           stations to demonstrate the Group’s performance in the
                                                                                           retail and financial services businesses. It removes
                                                                                           volatilities outside of the control of management,
                                                                                           associated with the movement in fuel prices.
                                                                                         – This is a key management incentive metric.
                                                                                         – This measure is also presented on a Retail and Tesco Bank
                                                                                           basis.
Growth in sales              No direct equivalent        – Ratio N/A                     – Growth in sales is a ratio that measures year-on-year
                                                                                           movement in Group sales for continuing operations for
                                                                                           52 weeks. It shows the annual rate of increase in the
                                                                                           Group’s sales and is considered a good indicator of how
                                                                                           rapidly the Group’s core business is growing.
Like-for-like (LFL)          No direct equivalent        – Ratio N/A                     – Like-for-like is a measure of growth in Group online sales
                                                                                           and sales from stores that have been open for at least a
                                                                                           year (but excludes prior year sales of stores closed during
                                                                                           the year) at constant foreign exchange rates. It is a widely
                                                                                           used indicator of a retailer’s current trading performance
                                                                                           and is important when comparing growth between
                                                                                           retailers that have different profiles of expansion,
                                                                                           disposals and closures.




                                                                                         TescoReport
                                                                             Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                     and Report andStatements
                                                                                                          Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 2022 2022
                                                                                                                                         207              207
      Glossary – Alternative performance measures continued


                                     Closest equivalent      Adjustments to reconcile   Definition
      APM                            IFRS measure            to IFRS measure            and purpose
      Profit measures
      Adjusted operating profit      Operating profit from   – Adjusting items(b)       – Adjusted operating profit is the headline measure of the
                                     continuing                                           Group’s performance, based on operating profit from
                                     operations(a)                                        continuing operations before the impact of adjusting items.
                                                                                          Refer to the APM Purpose section of the Glossary and Note 1 for
                                                                                          further information on adjusting items.
                                                                                        – Amortisation of acquired intangibles is included within adjusting
                                                                                          items because it relates to historical inorganic business
                                                                                          combinations and does not reflect the Group’s ongoing trading
                                                                                          performance (related revenue and other costs from
                                                                                          acquisitions are not adjusted).
                                                                                        – This is a key management incentive metric.
                                                                                        – This measure is also presented on a Retail and Tesco Bank basis.
      Adjusted total finance costs   Finance costs           – Adjusting items(b)       – Adjusting items within finance costs include net pension finance
                                                                                          costs and fair value measurements. Net pension finance costs
                                                                                          are impacted by corporate bond yields, which can fluctuate
                                                                                          significantly and are reset each year based on external market
                                                                                          factors that are outside management’s control. Fair value
                                                                                          remeasurements are impacted by changes to credit risk and
                                                                                          various market indices, applying to financial instruments
                                                                                          resulting from liability management exercises, which can
                                                                                          fluctuate significantly outside of management’s control. This
                                                                                          measure helps to provide an alternative view of year-on-year
                                                                                          trends in the Group’s finance costs.
      Adjusted profit before tax     Profit before tax       – Adjusting items(b)       – This measure is the summation of the impact of all Adjusting
                                                                                          items on profit before tax. Refer to the APM Purpose section of
                                                                                          the Glossary and Note 1 for further information on adjusting
                                                                                          items.
      Adjusted operating margin      No direct equivalent    – Ratio N/A                – Operating margin is calculated as adjusted operating profit
                                                                                          divided by revenue. Progression in operating margin is an
                                                                                          important indicator of the Group’s operating efficiency.
      Adjusted diluted earnings      Diluted earnings per  – Adjusting items(b)         – This metric shows the adjusted profit after tax from continuing
      per share                      share from continuing                                operations attributable to owners of the parent divided by the
                                     operations                                           weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
                                                                                          financial period, adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive
                                                                                          share options.
      Adjusted diluted earnings per Diluted earnings per  – Adjusting items(b)          – To aid comparability, this measure is adjusted to reflect the full
      share (adjusted for share     share from continuing – Weighted average number       impact of the 2020/21 financial year share consolidation as if it
      consolidation)                operations              of diluted shares             had taken place at the start of the previous financial year,
                                                                                          providing an alternative view of the year-on-year progression
                                                                                          of adjusted diluted earnings per share.
                                                                                        – By presenting the weighted average number of diluted shares in
                                                                                          this way, it removes the impact of the sale of our businesses in
                                                                                          Thailand and Malaysia to provide a consistent view between
                                                                                          numerator and denominator. Earnings from discontinued
                                                                                          operations are excluded from the numerator, but the weighted
                                                                                          average share base used in the statutory IAS 33 denominator
                                                                                          reflects the full impact of the share consolidation and special
                                                                                          dividend in the 2020/21 financial year.
      Retail EBITDA (earnings before Retail operating profit – Adjusting items(b)       – This measure is widely used by analysts, investors and other
      adjusting items, interest, tax, from continuing        – Depreciation and           users of the accounts to evaluate comparable profitability of
      depreciation and                operations(a)            amortisation               companies, as it excludes the impact of differing capital
      amortisation)                                                                       structures and tax positions, variations in tangible asset
                                                                                          portfolios and differences in identification and recognition of
                                                                                          intangible assets. It is used to derive the Net debt/EBITDA and
                                                                                          Total indebtedness ratios, and Fixed charge cover APMs.
      Tax measures
      Adjusted effective tax rate    Effective tax rate      – Adjusting items(b)       – Adjusted effective tax rate is calculated as total income tax
                                                                                          credit/(charge) excluding the tax impact of adjusting items,
                                                                                          divided by adjusted profit before tax. This APM provides an
                                                                                          indication of the ongoing tax rate across the Group.




208   Tesco
      208 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                        Other information
                                                                                                                                                              information




                                       Closest equivalent             Adjustments to reconcile                  Definition
APM                                    IFRS measure                   to IFRS measure                           and purpose
Balance sheet measures
Net debt                               No direct equivalent           – N/A                                     – Net debt excludes the net debt of Tesco Bank but includes
                                                                                                                  that of the discontinued operations to reflect the net debt
                                                                                                                  obligations of the Retail business.
                                                                                                                – Net debt comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities,
                                                                                                                  net derivative financial instruments, joint venture loans and
                                                                                                                  other receivables and net interest receivables/payables, offset
                                                                                                                  by cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
                                                                                                                – It is a useful measure of the progress in generating cash and
                                                                                                                  strengthening of the Group’s balance sheet position, and
                                                                                                                  is a measure widely used by credit rating agencies.
Net debt/EBITDA ratio                  No direct equivalent           – Ratio N/A                               – Net debt/EBITDA ratio is calculated as Net debt divided by the
                                                                                                                  rolling 12-month Retail EBITDA. It is a measure of the Group’s
                                                                                                                  ability to meet its payment obligations, showing how long it
                                                                                                                  would take the Group to repay its current net debt if both net
                                                                                                                  debt and EBITDA remained constant. It is widely used by
                                                                                                                  analysts and credit rating agencies.
Total indebtedness                     No direct equivalent           – N/A                                     – Total indebtedness is Net debt plus the IAS 19 deficit in any
                                                                                                                  pension schemes (net of associated deferred tax) to provide
                                                                                                                  an overall view of the Group’s obligations, including the long-
                                                                                                                  term commitments to the Group’s pension schemes. Pension
                                                                                                                  surpluses are not included. It is an important measure of the
                                                                                                                  long-term obligations of the Group and is a measure widely
                                                                                                                  used by credit rating agencies.
Total indebtedness ratio               No direct equivalent           – Ratio N/A                               – Total indebtedness ratio is calculated as Total indebtedness
                                                                                                                  divided by the rolling 12-month Retail EBITDA. It is a measure of
                                                                                                                  the Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations and is widely
                                                                                                                  used by analysts and credit rating agencies.
Fixed charge cover                     No direct equivalent           – Ratio N/A                               – Fixed charge cover is calculated as the rolling 12-month Retail
                                                                                                                  EBITDA divided by the sum of net finance costs (excluding net
                                                                                                                  pension finance costs, finance charges payable on lease
                                                                                                                  liabilities, capitalised interest and fair value remeasurements)
                                                                                                                  and all lease liability payments from continuing operations. It is a
                                                                                                                  measure of the Group’s ability to meet its payment obligations
                                                                                                                  and is widely used by analysts and credit rating agencies.
Capex                                  Property, plant and   – Additions relating to                            – Capex excludes additions arising from business combinations
                                       equipment, intangible   property buybacks                                  and buybacks of properties (typically stores), as well as
                                       asset, and investment – Additions relating to                              additions relating to decommissioning provisions and similar
                                       property additions,     decommissioning                                    items.
                                       excluding those from    provisions and similar items                     – Property buybacks are variable in timing, with the number and
                                       business combinations                                                      value of buybacks dependent on opportunities that arise within
                                                                                                                  any given financial year. Excluding property buybacks therefore
                                                                                                                  gives an alternative view of trends in capital expenditure in the
                                                                                                                  Group’s ongoing trading operations.
                                                                                                                – Additions relating to decommissioning provisions and similar
                                                                                                                  items are adjusted because they do not result in near-term
                                                                                                                  cash outflows.
Cash flow measures
Retail free cash flow                  No direct equivalent           – N/A                                     – Retail free cash flow includes continuing cash flows from
                                                                                                                  operating and investing activities for the Retail business, the
                                                                                                                  market purchase of shares net of proceeds from shares issued
                                                                                                                  in relation to share schemes and repayment of obligations
                                                                                                                  under leases, excluding the effects of Tesco Bank’s cash flows.
                                                                                                                  The following items are excluded: investing cash flows that
                                                                                                                  increase/decrease items within Net debt; proceeds from the
                                                                                                                  sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property,
                                                                                                                  intangible assets and assets classified as held for sale; cash
                                                                                                                  utilised to buy back property; proceeds from the sale of
                                                                                                                  subsidiaries; cash utilised in business acquisitions; cash used for
                                                                                                                  investment in joint ventures, associates and unlisted equity
                                                                                                                  investments; and adjusting cash items in operating cash
                                                                                                                  activities.
                                                                                                                – By adjusting for these factors, which can have unpredictable
                                                                                                                  timings or amounts, or can be driven by external events or non-
                                                                                                                  operational business decisions (such as acquisitions and
                                                                                                                  disposals of properties as opportunities arise), the Directors
                                                                                                                  and management believe this provides a view of free cash flow
                                                                                                                  generated by the Group’s retail trading operations that is more
                                                                                                                  predictable and comparable over time, and reflects the cash
                                                                                                                  available to shareholders.
                                                                                                                – This is a key management incentive metric.

(a) Operating profit is presented on the Group income statement. It is not defined per IFRS, however, is a generally accepted profit measure.
(b) Refer to Note 1 and Note 4.




209        Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                                                       Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022             209
      Glossary – Alternative performance measures continued


      APMs: Reconciliation of income statement measures
      Adjusted diluted earnings/(loss) per share (adjusted for share consolidation)
                                                                                                                               APM         APM*
                                                                                                                     Notes     2022        2021
      Adjusted profit after tax attributable to owners of the parent (£m)                                               9     1,693        892
      Diluted weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                                    7,746      9,656
      Adjustment to reflect the post-consolidation share base as if it had been in place from the start of the
      previous financial year (millions)                                                                                          –     (1,956)
      Adjusted diluted weighted average number of shares (adjusted for share consolidation) (millions)                        7,746      7,700
      Adjusted diluted earnings per share (pence)                                                                             21.86       9.24
      Adjustment to reflect the post-consolidation share base as if it had been in place from the start of the
      previous financial year (pence)                                                                                             –       2.34
      Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation) (pence)                                          21.86      11.58
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

      Retail EBITDA
                                                                                                                               APM         APM*
                                                                                                                               2022        2021
                                                                                                                     Notes      £m          £m
      Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                           2    2,560       1,547
      Less: Adjusting items                                                                                             2       265         241
      Adjusted operating profit                                                                                         2    2,825       1,788
      Less: Adjusted Tesco Bank operating (profit)/loss                                                                 2       (176)       175
      Retail adjusted operating profit                                                                                  2    2,649       1,963
      Add: Depreciation and amortisation before adjusting items                                                         2     1,642      1,668
      Less: Tesco Bank depreciation and amortisation                                                                    2        (65)       (57)
      Retail EBITDA                                                                                                          4,226       3,574
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.


      APMs: Reconciliation of balance sheet measures
      Net debt/EBITDA and Total indebtedness ratio
                                                                                                                               APM         APM*
                                                                                                                     Notes     2022        2021
      Net debt (£m)                                                                                                    33    10,516      11,955
      Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                                                                      4,226      3,574
      Net debt/EBITDA ratio                                                                                                     2.5         3.3

      Net debt (£m)                                                                                                    33     10,516     11,955
      Add: Defined benefit pension deficit, net of deferred tax (£m)                                                   30       242       1,004
      Total indebtedness (£m)                                                                                                10,758     12,959
      Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                                                                      4,226      3,574
      Total indebtedness ratio                                                                                                   2.5         3.6
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.

      Fixed charge cover
                                                                                                                               APM         APM*
                                                                                                                     Notes     2022        2021
      Net finance costs (£m)                                                                                            5       542        937
      Less: Net pension finance costs (£m)                                                                              5        (22)       (43)
      Add: Fair value remeasurements of financial instruments (£m)                                                      5        123       (214)
      Adjusted total finance costs (£m)                                                                                         643        680
      Less: Finance charges payable on lease liabilities (£m)                                                           5      (405)      (446)
      Adjusted total finance cost, excluding capitalised interest and finance charges payable on lease
      liabilities (£m)                                                                                                         238          234
      Add: Retail total lease liability payments (£m)                                                                   12      977       1,104
      Less: Retail discontinued operations total lease liability payments (£m)                                                   (2)         (99)
                                                                                                                              1,213       1,239
      Retail EBITDA (£m)                                                                                                     4,226       3,574
      Fixed charge cover                                                                                                        3.5         2.9
      * Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.




210   Tesco
      210 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                               Other information
                                                                                                                                                                     information




Capex
                                                                                                                                                                         APM                  APM
                                                                                                                                                                         2022                 2021(a)
                                                                                                                                                    Notes                 £m                   £m
Property, plant and equipment additions(b)                                                                                                               11             1,587               1,354
Goodwill and other intangible asset additions(b)                                                                                                        10                229                 201
Less: Additions from obtaining control of property joint venture(c)                                                                                      11              (584)               (326)
Less: Additions from other property buybacks                                                                                                             11                (37)              (209)
Less: Additions relating to decommissioning provisions and similar items                                                                                                   (94)                 (5)
Capex                                                                                                                                                                    1,101              1,015
(a) Comparatives have been restated due to a change in accounting policy. Refer to Note 1 for further details.
(b) Excluding amounts acquired through business combinations.
(c) Acquisition of The Tesco Sarum Limited Partnership in 2022 and The Tesco Property (No.2) Limited Partnership in 2021.

APMs: Reconciliation of cash flow measures
                                                                                                                                                                         APM                  APM
                                                                                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                    Notes                 £m                   £m
Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                                                                       2              3,757                 602
Cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                                                                                       2             (1,735)               6,171
Less: Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities in Tesco Bank                                                                                   2                (149)                 (94)
Less: Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities in discontinued operations                                                                      2                    6               (187)
Less: Cash generated from/(used in) investing activities in Tesco Bank                                                                                   2                  119                (101)
Less: Cash generated from/(used in) investing activities in discontinued operations                                                                      2                 (43)               820
                                                                                                                                                         2              1,955                7,211
Own shares purchased in relation to share schemes                                                                                                        2                (144)                 (66)
Retail repayments of capital element of obligations under leases                                                                                         2                (571)               (561)
Exclude/add back:
  Retail proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets and                                                 2               (308)                (181)
  assets classified as held for sale
  Retail purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property – property buybacks                                                           2                 80                  291
  Retail disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                                                                  2                (117)            (7,806)
  Retail acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                                                                 2                   –                  (15)
  Retail investments in/(proceeds from sale of) joint ventures and associates                                                                            2                  (4)                   11
  Retail adjusting net cash (generated from)/used in operating activities                                                                                2                316                2,515
  Retail increase/(decrease) in loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                                   2                   4                    2
  Retail net investments in/(proceeds from sale of) other investments                                                                                    2                   (1)                   1
  Retail net investments in/(proceeds from sale of) short-term investments                                                                               2              1,067                  (62)
Retail free cash flow                                                                                                                                    2              2,277               1,340

The following table reconciles the Retail free cash flow APM to that previously presented:
                                                                                                                                                                         APM                  APM
                                                                                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                    Notes                 £m                   £m
Retail free cash flow                                                                                                                                    2              2,277               1,340
Retail proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, investment property, intangible assets and                                                   2               308                   181
assets classified as held for sale
Retail purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property – property buybacks                                                             2                (80)                (291)
Retail disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                                                                                                    2                 117              7,806
Add: Cash outflow from major disposal*                                                                                                                                       –             (5,337)
Retail acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                                                                   2                   –                  15
Retail (investments in)/proceeds from sale of joint ventures and associates                                                                              2                   4                  (11)
Retail (investments in)/proceeds from sale of other investments                                                                                          2                   1                   (1)
Retail adjusting net cash (generated from)/used in operating activities                                                                                  2               (316)              (2,515)
Memo: Retail free cash flow including cash flows from non-major corporate                                                                                2              2,311                1,187
acquisitions and disposals, cash flows from the sale or buyback of properties,
and Retail adjusting cash flows from operating activities
* Retail cash flow from major disposal of £5,337m in the financial year ended 27 February 2021 principally comprises the £7.8bn proceeds on disposal of the Group’s Asia operations, excluding cash
  disposed and intercompany loan repayments, less the £2.5bn additional pension contribution.




                                                                                                             TescoReport
                                                                                                 Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                         and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                              Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                     2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                             211                                        211
      Glossary – Alternative performance measures continued


      Other
      CPI                                                                 MTN
      Consumer price index.                                               Medium term note.
      Dividend per share                                                  MREL
      This is calculated as interim dividend per share paid plus final    Minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities
      dividend per share declared in respect of that financial year.      (European Banking Authority).
      Enterprise value                                                    Net promoter score (NPS)
      This is calculated as market capitalisation plus net debt.          This is a loyalty measure based on a single question requiring a score
                                                                          between 0-10. The NPS is calculated by subtracting the percentage
      EURIBOR
                                                                          of detractors (scoring 0-6) from the percentage of promoters (scoring
      Euro Interbank Offered Rate.
                                                                          9-10). This generates a figure between -100 and 100 which is the NPS.
      ESG
      Environmental, social and governance.
                                                                          Return
                                                                          Profit before adjusting items and interest, after tax (applied at
      FTE                                                                 effective rate of tax).
      Full-time equivalents.
                                                                          RPI
      LIBOR                                                               Retail price index.
      London Interbank Offered Rate.
                                                                          SONIA
      LPI                                                                 Sterling Overnight Index Average.
      Limited price index.
                                                                          Total shareholder return
      Market capitalisation                                               The notional annualised return from a share, measured as the
      The total value of all Tesco shares calculated as total number of   percentage change in the share price, plus the dividends paid with
      shares multiplied by the closing share price at year end.           the gross dividends, reinvested in Tesco shares. This is measured
                                                                          over both a one and five-year period.




212   Tesco
      212 PLC Annual
            Tesco PLCReport andReport
                       Annual   Financial
                                       andStatements
                                            Financial2022
                                                      Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
                                                                                                                                                                          information




Five-year record


The statistics below reflect the latest published information. For financial years prior to 2022, these statistics represent the comparatives from
the following years’ financial statements. During 2021, the Group disposed of its operations in Asia and agreed to dispose of its operations in
Poland, which were treated as discontinued in 2021. The 2020 statistics have been restated to be consistent with 2021 to present Asia and
Poland as discontinued operations, with years prior to 2020 not restated.
Following the presentation of the Group’s operations in Asia as discontinued operations, the Group no longer presents Asia as a separate
reportable segment in 2021, with 2020 segment statistics restated and years prior to 2020 not restated. The Group redefined profit APMs during
2019 to exclude the amortisation of acquired intangibles. Historical data for the redefined measures have not been restated as the impact is not
considered material. Refer to Note 1 and the Glossary for a full list of APMs and their definitions, as well as changes to APMs.
                                                                                                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                                                             2018(a)           2019            2020(b)     (restated(c))          2022
Financial statistics (£m)
Sales
UK & ROI                                                                                                                   38,656            44,883            45,752          48,848           49,984
Central Europe                                                                                                              6,343            6,030              3,968           3,862            3,862
Asia                                                                                                                         4,947           4,873                  –               –                –
Tesco Bank                                                                                                                   1,047            1,097             1,068             735              922
Group sales(d)                                                                                                             50,993           56,883            50,788           53,445           54,768
Revenue
UK & ROI                                                                                                                    44,914           51,643           52,898            53,170          56,404
Central Europe                                                                                                              6,585             6,298             4,125            3,982           4,018
Asia                                                                                                                        4,947             4,873                 –                –               –
Tesco Bank                                                                                                                   1,047            1,097            1,068               735             922
Group revenue                                                                                                              57,493            63,911           58,091            57,887          61,344
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)(d)(e)
UK & ROI                                                                                                                      1,059            1,868           2,202              1,839           2,481
Central Europe                                                                                                                   119             221              176                 124           168
Asia                                                                                                                            299              319                –                   –             –
Tesco Bank                                                                                                                      169              199             193                (175)           176
Group adjusted operating profit/(loss)(d)(e)                                                                                 1,646            2,607            2,571              1,788          2,825
Adjusted operating profit margin(e)                                                                                          2.9%              4.1%            4.4%                3.1%          4.6%
Operating profit/(loss)
UK & ROI                                                                                                                      1,205            1,949            1,923            1,890             2,191
Central Europe                                                                                                                   212              279             209                127             193
Asia                                                                                                                             277              252                 –                –                –
Tesco Bank                                                                                                                       145              169               74            (470)               176
Group operating profit/(loss)                                                                                                1,839            2,649            2,206             1,547           2,560
Share of post-tax profits/(losses) of joint ventures and associates                                                               (6)              32                (8)              26               15
Net finance costs                                                                                                              (533)          (1,064)           (1,170)           (937)            (542)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                     1,300              1,617          1,028               636           2,033
Taxation                                                                                                                       (306)             (347)           (290)             (104)            (510)
Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations                                                                           994            1,270              738              532           1,523
Discontinued operations                                                                                                          216                –             235            5,426               (40)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                     1,210            1,270              973           5,958            1,483
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                                                         1,208             1,272              971            5,954             1,481
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                        2                (2)               2                4                 2
Adjusted profit before tax(d)(e)                                                                                             1,284            1,806            1,869             1,134            2,197
Other financial statistics
Diluted earnings/(losses) per share – continuing operations                                                                  12.11p          13.04p            7.54p             5.58p          19.64p
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (adjusted for share consolidation) ∆(d)(g)                                              11.90p             14.01p         18.98p             11.58p          21.86p
Dividend per share(f)                                                                                                       3.00p               5.77p          9.15p              9.15p         10.90p
Cash generated from retail operating activities (£m)∆                                                                        2,773              3,637          3,580                 321          3,614
Retail free cash flow (£m)∆                                                                                                  1,388                889           1,493             1,340           2,277
Return on capital employed (ROCE)(d)                                                                                         11.0%               7.9%            6.1%             5.4%            7.8%
Total shareholder return(d)                                                                                                   8.7%             10.2%            5.2%               2.6%          32.4%
Net debt (£m)∆(d)                                                                                                            2,625            13,204          12,298             11,955          10,516
Discounted operating lease commitments – continuing operations                                                               6,931                  –               –                  –              –
Pension deficit, net of deferred tax – Group (£m)                                                                            2,728              2,338          2,573              1,004             242
Total indebtedness (£m)(d)                                                                                                 12,284            15,542           14,871            12,959          10,758
Enterprise value (£m)(d)                                                                                                    19,452           35,024           34,676            29,336          32,403
Group retail statistics
Number of stores(h)                                                                                                         7,033             6,993            4,613             4,673           4,752
Total sales area (’000 sq. ft.)(h)                                                                                         92,983            91,298           63,971           63,980           64,034
Average employees                                                                                                         448,988          464,505           354,451           367,321         354,744
Average full-time equivalent employees (FTE)                                                                               327,916         321,490           243,031           242,911         231,223
UK & ROI retail statistics
Number of stores(h)                                                                                                          3,952            3,961            3,968            4,008            4,074
Total sales area (’000 sq. ft.)(h)                                                                                          42,032           50,521           50,401           50,443           50,588
Average full-time equivalent employees (FTE)                                                                                210,312         223,542           210,771          214,470         204,974
Revenue (exc. fuel) (per FTE – £)                                                                                          183,804          200,781          217,070           227,761         243,855
Weekly revenue (exc. fuel) (per sq. ft. – £)                                                                                  17.36           18.65              17.11           18.63           19.03

∆ See APM reconciliations in Glossary section on pages 210 to 211.
(a) Not restated for IFRS 9 or IFRS 16.
(b) 53 weeks.
(c) The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks in light of an evolution of accepted practice in relation to the application of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ to such transactions.
(d) See Glossary for definitions.
(e) ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ within operating profit, along with net pension finance costs, fair value remeasurements of financial instruments, and the tax impact of
    such items (below operating profit), are now called ‘Adjusting items’.
(f) Dividend per share relating to the interim and proposed final dividend.
(g) The share base used in Adjusted diluted EPS in 2020 and 2021 is adjusted to capture the full impact of the share consolidation which followed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and Malaysia,
    as if it took place at the start of the 2020/21 financial year. As such, Adjusted diluted EPS (adjusted for share consolidation) is presented on a basis other than in accordance with IAS 33.
    Please see page 210 for a reconciliation to Adjusted diluted EPS.
(h) Including franchise stores.



                                                                                                               TescoReport
                                                                                                   Tesco PLC Annual  PLC Annual
                                                                                                                           and Report andStatements
                                                                                                                                Financial Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                       2022 2022
                                                                                                                                                               213                                          213
      Shareholder information​


      Managing your shares and shareholder communication                         Dividend
      The Company’s share register is maintained by our Registrar, Equiniti.     An interim dividend of 3.20 pence per Ordinary share was paid on
                                                                                 26 November 2021. Shareholders will be asked to approve a final
      Shareholders can manage their holdings online or elect to receive          dividend of 7.70 pence per Ordinary share for the year ended 26
      shareholder documentation in electronic form by setting up a               February 2022 at this year’s AGM. If approved, this will be paid on
      Shareview portfolio at www.shareview.co.uk. Some benefits of               24 June 2022 to all shareholders on the Register of Members at the
      having a Shareview portfolio include:                                      close of business on 20 May 2022.

      – receiving the latest shareholder communications electronically;          You can save time and receive your dividends faster and securely
      – voting online for the resolutions at the AGM, and any other              by electing to have them paid directly into your bank or building
        shareholder meetings;                                                    society account. You may also choose to have your dividends
      – managing all your shareholdings in one place;                            reinvested in further Tesco shares through our dividend
      – buying and selling shares instantly online with the share dealing        reinvestment plan (DRIP) (terms and conditions apply).
        service; and
      – easily updating your contact details.                                    For more information or to change your dividend payment instructions
                                                                                 contact Equiniti or register online at www.shareview.co.uk.
      For more information and to register for this service, please visit
      www.shareview.co.uk. Registration can be completed in just four            Share buyback programme
      easy steps and you will need your Shareholder Reference Number.            On 6 October 2021, Tesco PLC announced its interim results and
                                                                                 an ongoing share buyback programme, with the first tranche of
      E-comms                                                                    £500m in shares to be repurchased by no later than October 2022
      We encourage our shareholders to accept all shareholder                    with the first tranche commencing on 18 October 2021.
      communications and documents electronically, in place of receiving
      traditional paper copies by post. This helps us to reduce our              Tesco PLC has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with
      environmental impact and to reduce costs which aligns with our             Citigroup Global Markets Limited to repurchase shares on behalf
      strategic principles. If you would like to sign up to receive all future   of the Company and to make trading decisions under the Initial
      shareholder communications electronically, please register with            Programme independently of Tesco PLC. The share buyback
      Shareview by visiting www.shareview.co.uk. Once you have signed up,        programme will take place in accordance with the Company’s
      you will receive an email to let you know when shareholder documents       current buyback authority granted by shareholders at the
      become available on our website, including our annual financial results,   Company’s 2021 AGM. The maximum number of ordinary shares
      notices of shareholder meetings and other shareholder documents.           that may be repurchased under that authority is 773,170,782.

      Tesco Share Account                                                        The sole purpose of these share purchases is to reduce the
      The Tesco Share Account (TSA) is a free service available to               Company’s share capital and therefore ordinary shares purchased
      Tesco shareholders which allows you to hold your Tesco shares              under the buyback will be cancelled.
      electronically. Your shares are held in the name of Equiniti Corporate
      Nominees Limited and held on your behalf on a private register.            Share dealing service
      Holding your shares electronically removes the need to hold paper          Equiniti offers telephone, postal and internet services for dealing
      share certificates, making dealing quicker and more secure. You will       in Tesco PLC shares. Dealing fees vary between brokers and you
      also receive preferential dealing rates through the TSA.                   are recommended to check that you are being charged the most
                                                                                 competitive rate. You will need your Shareholder Reference
      The TSA is a sponsored nominee service operated for Tesco by               Number as shown on your share certificate.
      Equiniti Financial Services Limited (Equiniti Financial), authorised
      and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). When               For further information please visit www.shareview.co.uk/dealing
      you join the TSA, you remain the beneficial owner of your                  or call 0345 603 7037, lines open between 8.00am and 4.30pm,
      shares and continue to have the right to receive shareholder               Monday to Friday (excluding UK public holidays).
      communications, vote at general meetings and to receive any
      dividends paid on your shares.                                             Shareholder security
                                                                                 In recent years, Tesco PLC has become aware that its shareholders
      For further information or to join the TSA, please contact Equiniti.       (and holders of other Tesco securities) have received unsolicited
                                                                                 phone calls or correspondence concerning investment matters.
      Annual General Meeting (AGM)                                               These callers can be very persistent and extremely persuasive and
      The 2022 AGM is scheduled to be held on Friday 17 June 2022 at             often have professional websites and telephone numbers to
      2.00pm at the Company’s office in the Heart building, Shire Park,          support their activities. These callers will sometimes imply
      Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, AL7 1GA. A copy of         connection to Tesco and provide incorrect or misleading
      the Notice of Meeting can be found on our website at www.                  information. Shareholders are advised to be very wary of any
      tescoplc.com/AGM2022.                                                      unsolicited advice, offers to buy shares at a discount or offers of
                                                                                 free company reports.

                                                                                 Always check that any firm contacting you about potential
                                                                                 investment opportunities is authorised by the FCA. You can find out
                                                                                 more about protecting yourself from investment scams by visiting
                                                                                 the FCA’s website at www.fca.org.uk/consumers, or by calling the
                                                                                 FCA’s consumer helpline on 0800 111 6768.




214   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Other information




Financial calendar 2022/23

              26 February 2022                                                        5 October 2022                                                             25 February 2023
              Financial year end 2021/22                                              Interim results announcement                                               Financial year end
                                                                                                                                                                 2022/23




    February                                  June                          October                            January                                   February
      2022                                    2022                           2022                               2023                                       2023



                                                    17 June 2022
                                                    Annual General Meeting and Q1
                                                    trading statement

                                                    24 June 2022                                                         13 January 2023
                                                    Proposed payment date                                                Q3 and Christmas trading
                                                    for final dividend                                                   statement


Please note that these dates are provisional and subject to change.




American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)                                                        Share register analysis
The Company has a sponsored Level 1 ADR programme for                                      As at 26 February 2022, the Company had 7,637,986,531 shares in
which J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. acts as depositary. The ADRs                             issue (27 February 2021: 7,731,707,820) and 227,285 registered
are traded in the US, where one ADR represents three Ordinary                              holders of Ordinary shares (27 February 2021: 230,018).
shares. The ADR programme confers the right to receive                                     Shareholdings are analysed below:
dividends in US dollars.
                                                                                                                                                                      % of issued
ADR details                                                                                Range of shareholding                 Number of holdings                  share capital

Symbol                                                                     TSCDY           1 – 500                                             149,708                    0.23%
CUSIP                                                                  881575401           501 – 1,000                                          20,790                    0.20%
Exchange                                                                      OTC          1,001 – 5,000                                        39,948                     1.22%
Ratio                                                                           1:3        Over 5,001                                           16,839                   98.35%
Effective date                                                        1 April 1992         Total                                              227,285                      100%


All enquiries relating to the ADR programme should be directed to:                         Breakdown of holders with over 5,000 shares

                                                                                                                                                                      % of issued
Shareowner Services                                                                        Range of shareholding                 Number of holdings                  share capital
P.O. Box 64504                                                                             5,001 – 10,000                                       8,954                    0.82%
St. Paul, MN 55164-0504                                                                    10,001 – 50,000                                      6,373                     1.54%
                                                                                           50,001 – 100,000                                       382                    0.35%
Email: StockTransfer@equiniti.com                                                          100,001 – 500,000                                      485                     1.49%
Telephone: (US) +1 800 990 1135                                                            500,001 – 1,000,000                                    190                     1.75%
Telephone (outside US): +1 651 453 2128                                                    1,000,001 – 5,000,000                                  272                    8.30%
Website: www.adr.com                                                                       5,000,001+                                              183                   84.11%
                                                                                           Total                                               16,839                   98.36%


                                                                                           Category of shareholders

                                                                                                                                 % of total              Number of
                                                                                                                   Number of    registered                Ordinary    % of issued
                                                                                                                     holdings      holders                  shares   share capital
                                                                                           Private                  222,748          98%           398,919,296            5.22%
                                                                                           Institutional
                                                                                           and corporate              4,537           2%         7,239,067,235           94.78%




                                                                                                         Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022                        215
      Shareholder information​ continued




            Useful contacts
            Tesco PLC registered office:

            Tesco House
            Shire Park
            Kestrel Way
            Welwyn Garden City
            AL7 1GA

            Investor Relations
            Investor Relations Department
            Tesco House
            Shire Park
            Kestrel Way
            Welwyn Garden City
            AL7 1GA

            Telephone +44 (0) 330 123 9928

            Registrars
            Equiniti Limited
            Aspect House
            Spencer Road
            Lancing
            West Sussex
            BN99 6DA

            Email: customer@equiniti.com

            Telephone (UK) 0371 384 2977
            (Outside UK) +44 (0) 121 415 7053
            Calls are charged at national rates.
            Calls from a mobile device may incur network extras.

            Website www.equiniti.co.uk

            Group Company Secretary
            Robert Welch

            Corporate brokers
            Barclays Bank PLC
            Citigroup Global Markets Limited

            Independent auditors
            Deloitte LLP

            General queries
            Switchboard +44 (0) 1992 632 222
            Website www.tescoplc.com




216   Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022
This report is printed on Arctic Volume paper and board.
The paper is Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified from
well managed forests and other controlled sources. The paper has
been Carbon Offset with the World Land Trust, an international
conservation charity, who offset carbon emissions through the
purchase and preservation of high conservation value land. The
manufacturing mill holds EMAS (the Eco-Management and Audit
Scheme) and ISO 14001 environmental certifications. Printed in
the UK by Pureprint Group, EMAS, ISO 14001, CarbonNeutral®
and FSC® certified.
Printed by Pureprint Group Limited.
Photographers: Mike Abrahams
Designed and produced by Black Sun Plc.
www.blacksunplc.com
Tesco PLC
Tesco House
Shire Park
Kestrel Way
Welwyn Garden City
AL7 1GA
www.tescoplc.com
